###PAGE###1###



$1.50 per annum In Advano) 2.00 to the United States
No 14., 58tu Yea it
SHAWVILLE
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1940
i
9
BORN
GOWLING
BUSINESS
PERSONAL MENTION
The Shftwville United Womans Association aie holding their annual chicken supper on Thanksgiving night, October 14th.
Miss Elizabeth Argue left this | Graham—At Sullivan Con. Mine®,
Quebec, on Sunday, S^pt. 8th, 1940, to Mr. and Mr-*. J. L. Graham, a daughter—Both well.
Shawville Hardware

week to attend Glebe Collegiate Institute, Ottawa.
fl
COLLEGE
Cerner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
MARRIED
Miss Sheila Masson, of Montreal.
friends filled the hall to join in a Miss Arlene Hodgins, of Ottawa. *	___
farewell salute to Father Sullivan, spent the week end with her par-	nt w n
who had served them so well for |ents, Mr and Mrs. Elliott Hodgins,	uim
period of twelve years.
I fr nsxw 'a,r.
„ï I Sc2k- * — -
parishioners and friends.	I Miss Christina Cuthbertson, of
Father Sullivan made a fitting Ottawa, wa« a recent guest of Mr. reply in which he spoke or Ins and Mrs. David T Hodgins and great regret in severing the ties ot | other relatives in town.
with^hïmTnd for8whom it” had I Mr. and Mrs. Brome Pokes of
SSaSSSKSr
tion always manifested towards Miss Connie Williams, who is
him and elicited the hope that the attending Cowling Business Col Two Bryson Youths same spirit would continue in re- lege, Ottawa, spent the week end ] Drowned In Ottawa River spect of his successor, Rev. J. at the home of her sister, Mrs. Asa Knright, He thanked his parish* | Smart
and friends for then
Manley—Ross
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Hodgins—At the home of her | JAMES A. MILLAR
B A. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
at Y arm
a
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
daughter, Mr*. W. J. Brown, Stark’s Corners, Que , on Sunday morning, September loth, 1940, Rebecca Annie Guest, beloved wife of the îate Geo. G. Hodgins, in her 75th year was held at two o’clock Tuesday afternoon, Sept. 17th, from the homefof the deceased’s daughter, Mrs. Brown, to St. Paul’s Anglican Church and cemetery, Shaw ville. An extended reference will appear next week.


:
The funeral
l


HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC

i


I
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The Ottawa River claimed two | Oiti< E-In the G. F. Hodgins Building more victims on Monday afternoon when Bernard Mignanlt, 20, son of . and Mrs. J. A. Mignanlt, and

Est. C. J. Caldwell
Main Street, Shawville. Que.
loners
his new duties as palish priest of week.	drowned about two miles up
Cal a bogie.	Mr. and Mrs. Art Brownlee, of stream from Bryson village when
Other sneakers of the evening Kirkland Lake, accompanied by their canoe overturned. Peter were, the Rt. Rev. Mgr. Kiernan,, Miss Peggy Dempster, of Hailey- Walls, aged 31, the third occupant Arnprior ; Rev. Fr. McDonald, of bury, were recent guests of rela- of the canoe, gamed shore safely Qnyon ; Rev. Fr. Sam mon, Ons tivcs here.	by paddling the canoe along with
low; Rev. Fr. McCann, Sault Ste	his hands as he sat astraddle it.
Marie, Ont.; W. R. McDonald, M.P., Mr. and Mrs. George Eades, of It seems the three youths had Chapeau; E C. Lawn, M L.A., of Carleton Place, with their dauglv gone up the river to fish shortly Campbell’s Bay ; Mayor Nelson ters, Misses Edna and Ruth, and after the noon hour. They were McLellaii, Wyman ; Tims Creigh- Mr. Wilmer Hodgins, spent Sun- using a canoe with an outboard ton, Tupper Lake. *N, Y : R. P-1 day with relatives here.	motor attached for the
Fades and N. A. Drummond, of/ u	, N, Clarence Eades two ü’.c,ock they prep»
them.”	I *	'	about 125 yards away, and Walls
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Wilson. Mr. helped MignauR, who could not and Mrs. Alex Cochrane and Mr. swim, upon the overturned canoe.
and Mrs. Milton Cochrane and son,| He then started swimming for John, of Almonte ; Messrs. Donald .shore himself telling Mignanlt to
Appeal by the Minister of Finance I and Gordon Knapp, of Merrick- ptay with the canoe until he of the Dominion for the War Loan ville, were Sunday guests at the brought help When Walls was Hon J. L. Ilsley, Minister of home of Mr. and Mrs W. J. Hayes, about 30 feet from the canoe Mig Finance, issues the following ap	nault started out after him refus*
peal for the war loan ;	Mr. XVm Armstrong, Mrs Frank ing to stay alone on the over
“On Monday of last week we Armstrong, of Bristol ; Mrs. S E. ; turned craft Mignanlt had just began the task of raising $300,000,- Hudson and daughter, Mrs. Cecil gone a few feet when he shouted OO0 to arm and equip Canada's Meredith, of Chelsea, have return-j to Walls, “I'm done for, Peter," fighting forces. That task is still ed from a motor trip to Way’s and sack from view. Walls then uncompleted. 1 have therefore Mill1* Que , where they visited at returned to the canoe, and was asked the press of Canada for their the home of Mrs. J. C. Humphrey j near the point of exhaustion when co operation in enabling me to	lie reached it When he turned
make this serious appeal to all	--?- to swim back to the canoe Walls
Canadians.	| had seen Blais nearing the shore
11 Grave events transpire across Shawville Fair Notes I and swimming apparently very the seas ; grave events impend In	- strongly. When he arrived at
the ultimate issues, our nil is at War conditions has reduced the |	4 f°r
ËlliESS jI llIFüH SiSSU
MIPS
EEiHHES ae % — s 5SS&
Those of us who do n°t bear Arms entire district. This gives the
must bear our dollars to the col- purchaser cheap admission and at I Mrs Stewart Fulfcrd
Kn°ti,.u, -{• re ssssx z *ra ce,«b~‘”
rporations, responded quickly weather conditions. Surely thi- On Tuesday of this week. Sept, d encouragingly sure evidence h8 not f00 mnch f0 expect from Lth, Mrs. Stewart Fulford, quiet* of their sense of safe investment each family for the support of an ly celebrated her 85th birthday at value as well as their sense of Agricultural Society in its 84th fbo home of her daughter, Mrs. patriotic duty.	year.	Jas. Allan, King Street, Shaw
To those (if moie modest means The record of the Society i* ville, where she lias been residing as to all Canadians, l stress this good— let us all make a special for the past several months, solemn appeal : Recruit your earn- L.ffort thia yeAr. ln this wny\ it ^ Mrs. Fnl ford ings, your savings quickly to the po8Mib|eto have the be,t	$n
colours. Huy war loan bonds.
“Invest now in human freedom
J. L Il.HI.RY,
Minister of Finance
Mr. James C. Leitch. of Aber
>
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister,! Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
M*
7jV
y
Super Wheeling Yarn


DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

j
I
Time to Start Your Fall Knitting
We have been fortunate in being able to procure a good quantity of our famous

AbUlt to re*
Si
K
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bytcorresponrtence

i
9
-
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER IS9 MAIN STREET PHONE, 2--2219 HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from5.00 to 8.00 p.m.


CAN YOU HELP?
z
u
m
“SUPER WHEELING
YARN ”
(
m
4M
?

IS
¦
This special yarn is well known for its wearing qualities, strong, easy ta knit and goes farther than most wheeling yarns, in two and three ply.
White, Khaki Blue, Grey’s, Cardinal, Heather Brown, Black and Mottled, etc.
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
?
Made
Phone 3 I.

Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
r
609 Drummond Medical Building
40c per skein
$1.60 per lb.
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 6 3 8 8


I ill
See the new “Warrier Brand” knitting yarn, especially made for Military Knitting. All
the military shades, per skein
r.
Dq. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
... 50 cts.
1
8rt
Tweed Mixtures
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
«
\

A splendid new material for making kiddies and girls school dresses. Good
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING 1 so METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA.
PHONE, 2-7961
Ÿ






- ONT.
1

m?.

s
weight tweed X/

a
fall

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
m
his
i
made in several very nice patterns. 36 inch
width, shades and at surprisingly low price

laio,

>
L



All new Fall
»
!
\
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Viiaal and Muscular Eye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist

Ml

: ;
Reg. Optometrist
29c

Per yard...

e ee
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
i
eoi
an
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
?
t


|received the congratulations and best, wishes of many relatives and friends who I called timing the day.	I	...... -
Mr*. Ktilford, we aie pleased to 1 Q U A W V IL L E
report, is enjoying splendid health. Wimif w
Shawville
Quebec
the history of this Society,
Lome Armstrong, President H. W. Hudgins, Secretary
QUE.
I

###PAGE###2###



VICE-REGAL PARTY VISITS ST. CATHARINES AND NIAGARA FALLS
Thansgiving Day
Set for Oct. 14
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
S


Thanksgiving Day this year has been fixed for October 14, the second Monday in that month, the Department of the Secretary of State has announced. A proclamation appointing that day ns a day of general thanksgiving would be issued shortly, the announcement added last week.
vS
îf #
m
1
K-‘.*ir


:






,


r
K


(No. 7)
By O. C. TONER LUTHER SWAMP
The highest point in southern Ontario is the Dundalk plateau, situated in Wellington and Duf-ferin counties. On the southern edge of the plateau, 1706 feet above sea level, is Luther Swamp, a great bog of more than 30,000 acres. This swamp is probably the greatest natural resource we have In southwestern Ontario for it is the storage basin from which all the great rivers receive their water. The Thames, the Grand, the Credit, the Humber, the Maitland, the Saugeen, and the Not-tawasaga; all have their humble beginnings on the slopes of the Dundalk plateau. Some of them have direct surface flow from the ewamp, others are fed by the underground springs and the deep seepage.
The District Suffered
About a generation ago Luther swamp was drained into the Grand river in the hopes that good farm land would be uncovered. The promoters of the drainage scheme were disappointed, for the land, being a peat bog, has proven unsatisfactory for agriculture. But the worst loss was to the people of the Province for Nature’s laws and schemes for flood control were set aside. This great swamp in its natural state was a barrier against floods. It held the water for deep seepage, preventing it from going down the rivers as wild, springtime inundations. Springs, of course, are fed from the underground seepage and Luther swamp helped to
maintain these as well as the underground water table that fed the farmer’s wells.
Since the swamp was drained the whole district has suffered. At one time the wells were shallow for the water table was dose to the surface, now, the wells are being driven deeper and deeper each year as the water table drops. And in the spring time the Grand river, the principal stream to receive water from the swamp, goes on .the rampage, destroying property and damaging the farmlands throughout its course.
The Dam Will Help
On the other hand this river has suffered tremendous shrinkage in the past generation. Fully fifty-five miles of Its upper reaches dry up each summer as
a direct result of the draining of the swamp. Formerly, the upper Grand comprised one of the finest speckled trout waters in the region. Now, trout are virtually non-existent. Floods in the springtime, droughts and low water in the summer and early fall, these have followed the unwise drainage of the headwater swamp.
However, there seems to be a determined effort at the present time to stop the damage from floods on the Grand River and the restoration of Luther swamp to its original condition is now being considered as an aid to this flood control. By building a dam across the outlet of the swamp, lo hold back the water in the spring, a vast reservoir will be created that will do much towards
replenishing the underground water of the distric. as well as help in flood control.
r


1
:


Double Theatre’s Double Feature

mm
: ¦


#







RB# R :
West Coast Movie House Has Twin Auditoriums
FT*)
m.

m


?


u
Patrons may take their choice of one picture or two at a new theatre just opened in Alhambra. Calif.
The Alhambra Theatre has, unlike others, two auditoriums. A different picture is shown in each. After each showing, the films then change auditoriums. Those who like “double bills” Just stay in their . seats.
But those who like only one feature at a time rue, if they haven't seen the full picture, obliged to move to the other auditorium.
Manager James Edwards, Jr., whose Idea the experiment la, says the admission price, for on» or two pictures, Is the same.


1 "
- t
AV•*.	’AV»**1
Continuing their tour of Central Ontario, the Earl and Countess of Athlone, accompanied by Princess Juliana of The Netherlands, inspected a munitions plant at St. Catharines and then continued on to visit Niagara Falls. The Ctuntess of Athlone is pictured (left) as she was presented with a bouquet during the trip. In the centre, His Excellency shjws great interest in the work of the munitions plant. Princess Juliana is shown (right) getting a close-up view of the falls.
Bn



a
a farm, but they can tell the milkman off in a hurry when things look a little thin and the cream line finds its point of registration too close to the top of the bottle. But they cannot milk a cow and there have been cows in the world for a long, long time. Even longer than that.
There Are Plants That Kill Humans
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current hvcnts
Destroyer Swap Gives Britain War Advantage
Several Are Known To Naturalists — Cannibal Tree of Australia is Example
—Peterborough Examiner.
Apart from plants that poison there are several known to naturalists which can kill a man who comes within their clutches, horror of this kind is the Cannibal Tree of Australia, the powerful leaves of which can close in like a trap and crush out the life of the unwary investigator. Another unpleasant forest fiend is the Telegraph Tree of India, which has leaves that move about curiously; but anyone who touches them is liable to get a severe electric shock — quite enough to kill a man with a weak heart.
The worst of these killing plants Is the vegetable octopus that grows near Lake Titicaca, in South America. This was discovered by an explorer who, hearing the agonized ggries of a dog, found the animal en-veloped4@É a network of rope-like fibres He managed to free it — but not before man and dog had been Mistered and blood-stained by the monster growth.
Swordfish are taken in Canadian waters off the Atlantic Coast. The fishing season opened in June and will continue until Septemb-
“The nasty shock for Hitler”, recently foretold by the London Daly Mail, came last week with President Roosevelt’s dramatic announcement that the United States was handing over to Great Britain 50 destroyers for use in the war against Germany.
In more than one way, this was bad news for the Axis, and Mussolini saw navy strengthened thereby, its forces bolstered for an early Near Eastern offensive; knew their own blockade of the British Isles weakened; realized the extent of the co-operation between Brtiain and the United States (for the U. S. came close to “an act of war” in implementing the deal).
Evidence was abundant that Stalin had prevented any Italian move through Greece against Britain. Would he now act to stop Hitler’s march through Russia? Would he step in himself and take over Carol’s kingdom? A clash between Germany and the Soviet Union was seen as inevitable, sometime; would Stalin seize the moment when Hitler was engaged in the Battle of Britain, to catch his ideological opponent at a disadvantage and attack boldly in the east?
Crisis in the East In the Far East loomed another crisis of international proportions. Over Indo-China. The Japanese fleet was reported cruising
waters, blockading the entire northeast coast. . . . The chief of the Japanese mission to French Indo-China had sent an ultimatum demanding the right to transport Jap troops across the French colony—Which had been refused. . . . The Chinese Government (against whom the Jap troops would be moving) had formally declared its determination to act should the Japanese enter French Indo-China “under any pretext or under any conditions with a view to attacking China. . . .”
The Book Shell..
One
cr.
“THE MINGLING OF THE CANADIAN AND AMERICAN
PEOPLES”
By Marcus Lee Hansen
No more timely work than this first volume of a series being prepared under the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace could appear at such a moment in the history of the North American continent, when, after the epoch-making talks at Ogdens-burg, the United States and Canada have joined in a mutual defense agreement, climaxing long years of good neighborliness and tentative co-operation.
In this book Professor Hansen undertook the difficult task of filling the great gap in our knowledge of how the peoples of the United States and Canada working in unison have woven the new pattern of North An -ercian culture. He does it by tracing the exchanges in populations between the two countries since 1700, pointing out that there are millions of North Americans whose families have branches on both sides of the boundary.
“The Mingling of the Canadian and American Peoples,” Vol. 1 . . . by Marcus Lee Hansen . . . Toronto: The Ryerson Press .A . $3.00.
'l
\n




Hitler the British


Z

i
IPI
A
km
4F


outside
Indo-China
m

Atlantic Sewed Up
Played up less than any other angle was U. S. satisfaction at having pulled off a major diplomatic and political coup. The securing of naval and air bases stretching up in a chain from South America to Newfoundland meant that the United States had the North Atlantic tied up in a bag, was on its way to becoming quietly master of this whole hemisphere. (A major feature of the transaction with Britain was a concurrent pledge from Prime Minister Churchill to Secretary of State Hull that the British fleet would never be scuttled or surrendered and thus jeopardize US. security in the Atlantic).
“They Can’t Do It”
Great Britain still had not been invaded last week. In support of the theory that Germany would be able to accom-
I


MS

l
¦
A Grand
VOICE
711
7Î1
| Sweetener JL for the f Morning Cereal
OF THE
A
PRESS

ON THE RIGHT TRACK
Anyway, those railway-car conversations between Prime Minister King and President Roosevelt were along the right track.
—Stratford Beacon-Herald.

U. S. Notifies Japan
From Washington, Secretary of State Cordell Hull publicly notified Japan that any change :n the status quo of French IndoChina and the Netherlands East Indies, due to Japanese military operations, would have “an unfortunate effect upon public op-nion in the United States.” • . .
The first move of a new civil disobedience campaign against Britain for refusing to grant India independence "was begun last week at Cawnpore, home of the Indian Nationalist leader, Nehru. Mohandas K. Gandhi had previously declared that the Government of India was “invit-
Bee Hive Syrup
ADMIRE ONTARIO
Her Royal Highness, Princess Alice, expressed amazement at the beauty she was finding in Ontario. Evidently we have been falling down in failing to stress the beauty and grandeur to be found among our hills and valleys, along our rivers and on the shores of our lakes.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
V
%
US MODERNS#
/

VA
Z
/

never
pliih it, Masanori lto, one of Japan’s best-known naval commentators, declared that Hitler could not land troops in England while the British commanded
and the German Air
win


fm

V//
X z
V<z
/
the sea
Force was insufficient to away that command.
During the week the Germans were obviously concentrating on destroying all the important British airfields in the southeast corner of England, so that British fighters would be unable to defend London and hold the air over the southeast coast. Plans for an invasion could only then go forward.
Grave disturbances in the Balkans, a new line-up in Africa (all the French colonies there went to the side of Britain)
—Niagara Falls Review.
MX'


a
NO THOROUGHFARE
/


The fact that Canadians desiring to cross Canada by motor cannot do so except by securing a passport to enter the United States to overcome the Lake Superior shore gap emphasizes the value that would attach to a completed TransCanada Highway.
* A
ing civil disobedience” by arresting certain of its members on -charges of making seditious speeches.
J).
A
'¦)

9

Enough 21 •
At home the National War
King’s Pigeons Have Enlisted

Services Department announced that the 21 year-old class of Canadian young men would provide almost enough personnel for the first two drafts tor military training . . . Several million Canadian youngsters started back to school; in Ontario, only twenty-eight of them were stricken by the dread infantile paralysis now raging across the hor 1er in Michigan . . .
—Sault Dally Star.

>fir
CAN YOU MILK?
Surprising it Is how many people know nothing at all about the milk ing of a cow. They can play a good game of golf; they boast at times of their knowledge of bridge; they can bring home prizes from bowling tournaments. At tennis they are good and in swimming and diving they are expert. They play the piano and at times may be inclined to sing; they discuss politics and world events; on occasion they may make speches. But they cannot milk a cow. Perhaps some of them have rather turned up their nose at the thought of working on
N
Royal Birds Are To Be Used In Event of Emergency — Acting As Air Mail
zz
over
worked from other quarters last week to give Hitler and Mussolini serious pause in their campaigns for world conquest. The embroilment of Rumania and Hungary meant the cutting-off of vtial productive activity (agricultural, industrial) in the Balkans, so badly needed in the German war effort.

Pigeons from the King's loft at Sandringham have been added to a pigeon post organized to operate to the event of a national emergency in Great Britain. The pigeon poet was inaugurated in July last year by the Duchess of Kent when •he visited Fort Dunlop and released the first flock of pigeons from their baskets.

N
A salmon, tagged and released in Nova Scotia, was captured forty-two days later at Moisic River, Quebec. By the most direct route this is a distance of 800 miles.
Would Russia March?
Russia remained the big question mark in European politics.

#hrr
“He got hold of
buttermilk last night- and threw e party.’’
some
DISTANCE FLIERS On the eve of the outbreak of the war a pair of blue checks arrived from E. W. Steele, the King's pigeon keeper. They are long distance birds, four or five years old. of the stock which has won the big races from Lerwick In Shetland and Bordeaux.
In addition to the pigeon loft at headquarters, lofts are being opened in other parts of the country for the service, which Is the only organized pigeon post in Great Bri tain.
REG’LAR FELLERS — Good-Night !
By GENE BYRNES
I

GOOD MCRNIN', MP3. SMITH,
. BUT tn
JIM MIS L 0UÇAM/J
) GOOD l	r*
[ HORNIN'/ j	I
CflOQ MOPN'N', MRS. JONES/
GOOD MORNING, PIN iEAD, BUT I'm liRS.SfUTH./
GOOD
MORNING/
t


/
*
r


5K2
¦



w.

*

Uk
)• •




u

MESSAGES ARE TINY By reducing messages to facsimile on a special 4hln film, the birds can take 35,000 words In an aluminum carrier fixed to their leg. Each centre has apparatus for reducing the messages and for magnifying them to a readable script when re» ceived.
z

,<•» s
/


/
(
V




7
M3
*#e ü s. Pst. orü*. ah

###PAGE###3###
Social Justice Should Be Our Post-War Aim
English Cloth From Peanuts
"It DOES teste good in a pipe!"
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH 15*
fc-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN - 65* also packed in Pocket Tim
They’re So Convenient
?
" it’s Durable, Blends With The Wool and Cotton and Takes Dye, Experts Say
“Why, my dear, what a lovely peanut you’re wearing” may become a common expression if experiments with peanut fibres for clothing material succeed. Yorkshire experts are satisfied with results so far but want to be definitely certain.	—*
Men and women research workers are wearing suits of materials largely composed of peanut fibres and are testing the fibre’s reaction to wear and weather. First reports ha<e been “satisfactory.”
TESTING FIBRE’S REACTION They wore the cloth on hikes, stood in rain and the men made habit of sitting down without hitching up their trousers to test
“crease reaction.”
“It blends with either wool or cotton and takes 100 per cent, dye” a Yorkshire research official said. “We anticipate it will he a big success for women’s
wear.



*
«
Writer of Poem King George Quoted In His New Year's Address Speaks to Canadian University Women
¦



wsam


D


Aim of governments after the war must be for social justice, Miss M. Louis6 Haskins, of Banff, Alta, formerly of London, England, said in addressing the triennial convention at Calgary of the Canadian Federation of University Women's Clubs.
Miss Haskins, who became fam-when the words of a poem she wrote some years ago were quoted by His Majesty in his New Year’s radio address, held that the character of general government which will come after the war may be show to emerge but its nucleus should appear in terms of a peace treaty.
*TEA BAGS
lriii

ni
Wagon in the Lane
T

costumes and
T
HILLS of DESTINY
A
See the hay-load billow high; Musky-sweet rain!
There’s a man against the sky On a wagon in the lane,
There’s a woman in the door, With her blue dress blowing now—
He is bringing in the summer For the old barn’s dusky mow.
And the pigeons preen and strut And the swallows dart and dive,
And the bees store clover honey In the apple orchard hive.
Dreams are coming home once more
And wild flowers fill each rut
Where the slow wheels passed before—
And the heart is taking in Harvests, from the wind and rain,
More than any mow or bin! There’s a wagon in the lane I
Glenn Ward Dresbach. —in Christian Science Monitor.
A
and
ou 3
with sun
L
B
by Agnes Louise Provost
K
L
«
S

E
there's si methlng back of if, and Hie man who turned a sharp corner on old Lon Luis wouldn’t hesitate to torn on»
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister returns unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, hie foster father and of the Circle V ranch, dead
a
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Some Tasty Desserts For Early Autumn
on you. Give me that.
HEALTH BIG PROBLEM The former London School of Economics staff member said that certain necessities of the post-war world could ba forecast. The world would face after the war most of the conditions of the last war but those conditions would be -intensified, with the most serious problems those of health.
Any remaining luxuries of life must be strictly curtailed as long the vital needs of good health
were unfilled, jects would be a part of the health scheme, she believed. Great private fortunes would not have a part ill the post-war world, she predicted.
year. Virginia.”
owner
by Ms own hand. The ranch is going to ruin and Matt's daughter Virginia, now owner of the ranch, is living In New York with the Archers, her aunt and uncle. Her uncle wants her to sell the ranch to Milton Bradish, one time Matt's associate. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley tries to discredit Lee In Virginia's eyes. One evening Josefa Ramirez, who is jealous of Lee’s interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and she throws herself into his arms just as Virginia rides past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josefa, and is shot from ambush. Virginia feels that Lee is working against her interests and decides to sell the ranch to Milton Bradish. Virginia and Lee meet Josefa who telle Virginia she hates her because she is jealous
'IT S TOO LATE”
“Don’t! I can’t stand It!” She tinned her face away from him, and ho heard a sharp, indrawn breath.
“It's too late.” She hurried on desperately. “I want to. Lee; I wish 1 couI<1, but I can't. T — 1 signed the deed this morning.”
For tha space of about ten seconds lie stared at her. Then ho turned abruptly and walked a few steps away toward the grey rim rock which looked down on the Circle V. Bradisli's Circle V now. Virginia watched him miserably. She found herself explaining In a dead, mon-
The homemaker’s mind can be at rest for the day from the chief anxieties of menu-planning, if she* plans the meat and vegetable courses early and then the
Every wise it saves
Beauteous “Miss Ontario”
woman time and her meals
dessert.
realizes
w
l'â
as
strength to arrange
early in the day.
And now as the last fresh
fruits are on the market and the evening# are chilly, we like to turn our attention to the types of dessert which have been neglected during the hotter months.
Apples, pears and peaches, are now at their best. In all baked fruit puddings a long, slow baking seems to produce a superior flavor.
If baking a deep apple pie, the filling* of apples and sugar should be baked slowly for about one one-quarter hours until apples have that reddish brown color, before placing the cover on the tcp. chilled and served with whipped cream is dessert fit for royalty.
Baked pears makes a lovely
If you are
and housing pro-
¦ *

m
.

otonous voice.
"I went down to meet Mr. Brad* ish. He came to seo Stanley, but he knew I was ready to sell and he had telegraphed ahead for Mr. Morse to have the deed ready. We went direct from the station to Mr. Morse's office. And when it was done,” she continued dully, “I sorry. The thought of leaving
Don’t Get Mad; Just Keep Cool
Why Children
Enjoy Noise
¦
“Moderation in all things— especially in summer” the advice of an editorial in Hygeia, The Health Magazine, suggesting how to keep cool, comfortable and healthy during hot weather.
“Don’t overwork, overplay or overeat and avoid excess of alcoholic drink. Along with warning against over-exposure to the sun, the article recommended light, loose clothing and a
plenty of fresh vegetables and fruits.
“Don’t get ‘mad’; keep cool,” the editorial said.

Children like noise because the instincts of the primitive man who is born again in all of us have not yet been subdued by
training or itive ones like noise, and the rea-for that is perhaps that the early men made a noise because they were afraid of solitude and silence. They raised their voices partly to raise their spirits and partly to frighten away the evil spirits they feared so much.
that

of her
was
the Circle V to strangers — and of never coming back — tore me Into little shreds. And so l came i',p


CHAPTER XIX
"Jut" what l say." The tone was still defiant, but the stamp of a email foot was a passionate admission of defeat. “I go to his cabin, I dance for heem and make heem catch me in his arms when I know you will be there to see.”
“But Josefa! How could you know that I would be there to see
you?”
“Oil. that Stanlee! gry shrug told all the rest. Thai pecg! I am one beeg simpleton to believe tfhat he say. I am glad he get shoot. He ang ’round me wauce too much. Hah, but he get beeg scare! He ron away like silly rab
bit ! "	,	.
Josefa's scornful laugh broke off
abruptly. She bent her head, very slightly; she was listening, taut
and Intent.
“Josefa, you don’t know what you have done for me. I want to thank
you for telling me—”
Josefa drew back resentfully. "I do not do it for you. I hate you! 1
do it for Lee.”
Again the wary turned as silently as she had come, and vanished down an almost Invisible trail.
• Virginia, listened also, with shin-
teaching. All prim-
and


here—”
He swung around and came back to her.
“But If you felt that way. why did you do it? Was It money, or something else? I've got to know, Virginia."
AN HONEST CONFESSION
Hot color came. It was not ea*y. but she looked straight at him and madv her honest confession.
“I was angry. I believed things about you that weren’t true. I think I wanted to hurt you."
He looked puzzled. “That shooting business?”
“No . . . yes, that was part of It. But I mean the girl — that pretty child. She was Just here, Lee. She told me."
“Oh . . . Josefa." Lee was faintly embarrassed. “She's just a kid." he said apologetically. Then he drew long breath and came a step near-
son
This type of pie

Chosen from more than 1,000 of the province's loveliest girls, Mary Allen Batten of Thorold hns been named “Miss Ontario.” She met beauties from the other eight provinces in a street-clothes contest at the C.N.E. for the title of “Miss Canada.”
seasonal dessert.
fortunate enough to have maple syrup, place pears in casserole, baste with the syrup. These may be served hot or cold. A flavor of ginger to pears is always refreshing. This may be added to a sauce or chopped candied ginger added to whipped cream.
Try these peach desserts for I U/iXAZ Tft RpHllCP something different:	âlOW 1 U IVCUUVC
Peach Surprise	] A Fatted Calf
Cook large extra fine whole peach (pitted) in a sugar syrup (1 cup sugar to 1 cup water). Cook until soft but not broken. Cool. Spread your fa-vorie light cake ice cream, in squares and on each press on one of the peach halves. Serve with a thick raspberry syrup.
Cantaloupe and Peach a la mode
Cut small, very ripe, chilled cantaloupes in half, sprinkle with fruit sugar. Fill centers with sliced sweetened peaches, top with whipped or ice cream.
Pear Tapioca
V* cup quick tapioca
1% cups boiling water % teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons lemon juice
1	tablespoon orange juice
2	tablespoons syrup from marashino cherries
% cup corn syrup % cup cron syrup
6 ripe large pears
Cook tapioca in double boiler with water and salt until clear.
Add lemon and orange juice, syrup from cherries, sugar and corn syrup. Peel and core pears, place in baking dish with cavity up. Place cherry in each cavity.
Pour over tapioca mixture, bake until pears are tender. Serve cold with whipped cream.
Pear Conserve
Peel and pare one peck pears, through food chopper, weigh, and for each pound of pears add % lb. sugar. Put fruit sugar and % cup water in preserving kettle. Let come to a good boil; add grated rinds and strained juice of two lemons and 1 can grated pineapple; % cup chopped candied ginger. Cook two hours, stirring occasionally; then pour into jars and seal.
diet which includes
Josefa‘6 an-
f ••
SKIRT FROM A YARD OF FABRIC
y
Use Shortcuts When Sewing
<0
C
a-
yi


No Need To Do Everything The Hard Way
ay
You Have to Get Rid of It To Wear Fall Frocks
Sew rlckrack to the underside of the hem of pillowcases or other articles which you intend to decorate with a hand-crocheted edge. Arrange the rlckrack in such a way that only a bit of the points will show on the right side. When crocheting catch the hook Into the points instead of into the material. When the article wears out, it is then easier to rip off the rlckrack braid and use the hand-made lace in something else.
WRONG SIDE OF PATCHES
A glimpse at the trumpet silhouette of fall clothes is the signal for us to get that slim-and-narrow look.
Otherwise our figures aren't going to fit the fashions. It's a hint that we slim our legs a bit, especially if skirts are staying short—or going shorter. The fall styles just simply focus attention on the legs.
LIMBERING, STRETCHING
Limbering as well as stretching will give you the extra oomph in your trumpet frock at football games.
Air elements of limbering and stretching are found in kicking waist-high, chest-high, eye-high, overhead, backward knees bent) or with a full gack-ward-forward swing. That list can be your goal.
Start by holding to a chair or to the foot of your bed until you ' cquire balance.
Cut
a
or.
“And now, Virginia?"
“Oh, Lee, don't you know — by this time?"
A little later she raised her head from a flannel shlrted shoulder. They smiled at each other.
*T love you," he declared, “a million times more every minute.”
He stopped short at the stricken
look on her face.
“Oh, don't be nice to me." She buried her face in his shoulder with a smothered wall. “I hate myself. To think that I've sold it — when you love It so."
“Is that the trouble?" He put a hand under her chin, and for a moment studied her shadowed eyes. “It looks." he said thoughtfully, “as if we'd better get it back again. Let's get down to cases. Was It a cash transaction? Did he give you a check?"
She nodded, looking perplexed.
“Yes. But Lee —"
“Did you deposit It?"
“No. Somehow 1 couldn't."
“Good!" He laughed under his breath. “Don't worry, honey. We're going right down now to persuade your Steam Roller Bradish to tear up that deed. '
“But I've signed It. I've given my word. You can't do such a thing!'*
“You underrate my powers of persuasion.” He grinned at her, suddenly gay. He saw her anxious look and laughed again, picking her up fur a swift, heady kiss and putting her neatly down.
“Don’t be alarmed. I'm just going to convince him that he wants to give it back. Bet you a wedding
ilrg that I can!"
li was the height of confident young folly, but there was something infectious about it. Life was suddenly gay and exciting, could do anything.
(To Be Continuel
look came. She
___jm

....
• • •
m
• • •

m
tng eyes.

FINAL PROPOSITION
A little later . When Brimstone had scrambled up the last grade, Lee saw her beside the black horse, her face turned toward him and one hand stroking Black Lightning's satiny neck.
“Ling told me that you had started up this way. I heard that Bradish was coming today, and I wanted to see you before you did anything about selling the Circle V. I want," he continued, “to make a final proposition to you. I want you to let me take full charge for a year, without pay and without any obligation for you to stay here."
‘•You would be willing." she asked slowly, “to give a whole year out of your life for this. Perhaps
for nothing?"
“It would he the best year I'd ever spent. Virginia. This Is more than just land anil cattle to me. It's a cause. It's a fight, it's Matt's memory and your Inheritance. Bradish Is too anxious to get this place;

m


FRONT
BACK
# FRONT
>v,
When patching use garments made of washable prints; use the side of the new patch in
Such a
y:


AViW
3454
X
w von g
stead cf the right side, patch is less noticeable since it matches more nearly the somewhat faded material. %
/

WAIST SIZES 24 -36 IN
VA
(with the
a
7
To insure an even hem on napkins nee the hemmer of the desired width on the sewing machine. Do not thread the sewing machine needle. This will fold in the hem evenly and it will then be ready for hand sewing.
When cutting anything from velvet, pin the pattern to the wrong side of the velvet and the velvet will be easier to cut.
Use narrow hat elastic on bah lee* bibs instead of tape or ribbon. The elastic permits of the bib being adjusted easily over the head.
A
/
U)
4
/
/

Women Criminals Definitely Deadlier
d
Essential in Your Wardrobe
There are fewer women criminals than male offenders, but they are more violent, the U. S. Department of Justice reported last week.
Only 8.2 per cent of the arrest records examined by the Federal Bureau of Investigation during the first six months of 1940 represented women. But of each 1,000 men and 1,000 women arrested, it was found that there were 13 women as compared with 10 men arrested for murder.
By LOUISE LENNOX
An extra skirt is an essential in every wardrobe. You can vary color scheme with different sweaters and jackets.
run
Over-Coddling Is Detrimental
your blouses.
This easy-to-make style is also economical as it takes only 1 yard of 54-inch material. It is a wise idea to make both of these skirts of neatly checkered woolen
I
I
i
Lack of Responsibility “Softens” Child and May Keep Him Immature OH His Life

/*
one
and the other of a solid color buttoned up the front. Straighte * lines in accord with the new Fall silhouette make thn skirt the smartest thing in your wrrdrobe. Theie are only three simple pieces and the wah:* band to cut and sew to have this skirt finished in a jiffy.
Style No. 3454 Is designed for waist sizes 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34 and 36-inches, yard of 54-inch material; button-front skirt. 1 yard of 54-inch fabric up to size 32-inch waist measurement.
Send Twenty Cents (20c), (Coin Is Preferred> for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 621, 73 West Adelaide St W.ite plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to stale size you wish.
i

A*
READERS WRITE INI
(X
' 'Arrested development" means that the mind does not continue on to maturity but stops somewhere along the line. Many people are mentally no older than eight or ten years, although their physical age may Uo in the twenties or fifties By and large most cases of arrest cd development are emotional.
LEARN TO TAKE YOL K DISAPPOINTMENT
We must not coddle our families too rmch. Each child must learn to take some adversity and disappointment. He must learn to obey, accept normal punishment and struggle to get ou. for effort and victories make maturity: lack ot responsibility softens and keeps the individual unformed.
Miss Chambers welcomes per-tonal letters from interested readers. She is pleased t0 receive
for her
• RINGS INSTANT IASI
Lee

from
suggestions on topics column, and is even ready to lis ten to your pet peeves." Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to ‘‘Miss Sadie B Cham-73 West Adelaide Street, Send stamped, self*
H.	oo SENDS 300
"BRITISH CONSOLS” "EXPORT" or "LEGION" Cigarettes
« 1 lb. ToIxkco-BRIEW SMOKING o, MACDONALD'S FINE CUTS ("Ilk pap»n)lo Com4 la. leldlwi OVERSEAS
I.	C A S E. Willi only.

Women’s Hats Make Circus Clowns Weep

ill
Plain skirt, 1
À

The latest millinery is making many men laugh—but not circus
clowns.
A1 Kerbcr struvk up a conversa tion with a circus clown at Sharon. Pa.*
“What’s the hardest part ol y nor job?” be ashed the clown.
“Trying t » find down hats,” was the answer. “The women ait-stealing oux thunder these days.
ers,
Toronto.” addressed envelope if you wish

a reply.
:li
Meil Order end Remittance let— OVERSEA# DEPARTMENT
C
llNj
LlNlMEN1
W. C. MACDONALD INC„
Six 1*J*, Flee. 4'Arm.i,
African Copper
i»B
!
Toronto.
-	Menlreel, Comedo	,
I TWt e*e wliact ta ssf thuja I a iswsmut R?JwbB*m
ISSUE 37—*40
Southern Africa has copper deposits so large that they may be the wc lid's greateaL
U

#7/
- W-d v^AW.' -
1
V
VWm*




? 0
. x-




X

###PAGE###4###

2^TOT!5f30CD''î25iS!25i^T3nnnnBinBïoanQpannn
fl
as possible—Carried.
Letter regarding Youth Training Plan | presented. No action taken.
Motion by Crs Martineau Farrell, that M. Gorman, road foreman, be granted $15.00 to help brush out part of his division.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Martineau-Armttage, that this Council adjourn until Oct. 7, With Toronto leading all districts in 11940, at one o'clock in the afternoon.-come tax	in Canada during | Larried.ggggggAgggggmggg
the first five months of the current fis cal year, starting April 1, totalled $132,
028,048, compared with $102,124,348 in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year. Ottawa district collections totalled $6.954,714 compand with $5,454,695.
THE EQUITY
Hodgins Garage
SHAW VILLE, SEPT. 19, 1940
If Pennies Count With You
Income Tax Yield» $232,000,000 Total
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
It might be wise for you to consider the fact that a bag of flour costing $2.50 and less than
dollars worth of other ingredients will still produce more than $7.00 worth of bread.
Since this is true why not bake your own bread.
X
9
X
N
SI
Andrew Farrell, Sec-Treaa.
N
&
\
one
s
????***?»•>»*??***?*?******?*****?**?*************'
x
X
House For Sale
x
9
House and Lot on King Street, and several household effects, belonging to the late Mrs. John Eades. For particulars apply to
;
May Delay Decision On Wheat Proble
World wheat marketing conditions may change between now and Nov. 1st. Agriculture Minister Gardiner recently told a press conference and it is possible the government may delay until the end of October its decision on how to help the wheat farmer who cannot turn his crop into cash because of lack of elevator space.
An increased export trad? in wheat might enable the farmers to sell this fall much greater quantities of wheat than now is indicated.	. '
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
I «
»
We stock the following brands of flour :
Winnipeg. Keynote. Golden West, Three Stars, Castle,
I
JOHN B ARMSTRONG,
Maple Leaf, Robin Hood, Five Roses, Purity,
Ivory,
Nelson.
o E
THOMAS EADES,
Shawville, Quebec.
Used Gars
and Trucks
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
One—1938 —Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
Government Expenditure In August, 194,208,943
Grand total expenditureof the Canadian government during August amounted to $94,208,943 compared with 31,949.729 in August last year, it was announnced last Saturday from the office of the comptroller of the treasury.
The wide difference w<s expected by items in special expenditures- War appropriations totalled $59,322,525. There was none last year a* Canada did not declare war until September. Another special expenditure was $2,022636 for relief works and grants.
Total ordinary revenue was $54,092,876 compared with $33,516,682 in August last year.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., RED'D.
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Henry Horn;ins, Slmvwille.
Look Here
FOR SALE-One Bedroom Suite ; one large Quebec Heater ; Day bed ; Leather Den Set ; Coal Oil Heater ; two Rocking Chairs; A large number of stove pipes, and many other articles. Apply to Mrs. S. Chamberlain, Shawville.
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
J. Ij. hodgins
X
X
X
Phone 64 J.
o
X
ASTRAY— Black and White Heifer Calf. Finder kindly inform Harvey Brownlee. R. R No. 2, Shawville, Qne.
Phone 20-23.
FOR RENT-The East half of Rev. A. Russell’s dwelling. Bristol Corners, consisting of 4 rooms, a summer kitchen and woodshed, electric lighted.
Rev. A. Russell, Bristol.
§

xt*i
Apply to
Minutes of Council Onslow North
Automobile Tax is Reflected In Decreased Sales
The tax placed on new automobiles in Canada’s 1940 war budget was strongly reflected in sales of new motor vehicles in July, first month in which the new taxation was in effect, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reported Tuesday. Sales amounted to only 6,849 vehicles selling at $7,749,349, compared with 15,730, $17,502,885 the previous month and 7,882 at $8,495,140 in July last year Sales for the first s*ven months of 1940 were well above those for the same period of last year, the total being 93,649 units, valued at $104,167,007 compared with 75,866 at $82,497,482 in the same l»eriod of 1939	______
NOTICE
Tract. CaldweH. Que. Phone 11-29.
WANTEDTGirl to help joung mother;
and particulars to BOX 9<,
give age Billings Bridge. Ont,
ROOMERS WANTED — Comfortable
Apply to
FOR SALE—The contents of my waiting room in Shawville This includes Leather Chairs. Table. Mirror. Pictures.
Apply to Dr R. G, Docks, 83 Fifth
In the matter of the Estate of Late Albert E. Wilson, in
LIFETIME OF THE TOWNSHIP OF
rooms, suitable for scholars.
Mrs. Earl Horner, Shawville.
Sept. 3rd, 1940
Regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date. Members present— Mayor Andrew Daley and Councillors Farrell, Armitage, Dagg and Martineau.
Motion by Crs Armitage-Martineau, that minutes of July 2nd and August 5th, 1940, as read be adopted.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Martineau-Armitage, that Pierre Robert be appointed Special Superintendent to lay out measure and draw a Proses Verbal of a public road starting at Lot 17, Range 11, to Lot 14, Range 10, of this Township and report at next meeting of this Council.— Carried.
Motion by Crs. Farrell-Martineau, that the following accounts be approved and paid :
J as Guerten, 358 ft plank. $	7 08
Provincial Blank Forms, stationery .....................
Paul Philippe, labour and team 5 50 Patrick O’Hearne, labour. ..
Thomas Alexander, accts. 38-35
Godfred Proulx, labour.......
Patrick Rose, trip to Hull Pierre Robert, 41 loads gravel
use of drills ..	1 00
Thos Philippe, spikes......
Eli Gauthier, rolling 1939 40	9 50
36 loads giavel	3 60
Ferdinard Philippe account to-
date ....................
Hormidas Moreau, labour 1937	3 00
Hilliard Armitage, part of F.
Murdock’s roadtax........
Gerald Armitage, part of F.
Murdock’s roadtax........
Patrick Major, 80 loads gravel Albert Young, 7 days labour.. " 14 00 Mrs. J. J. O’Donnell, cleaning
ball..................
Jos. A. Steele, labour 1939 ..
Lionel Grimes, labour..
Bay Young,
Jos. Vallillee, ...
Dominée Curley,.
Frank Curley . .
Stanley Walsh 118 loads gravel Harvey Steele, 4 et “
Mrs. J. J O’Donnell, 12 loads
gravel...................
Gurvus Armitage..............
Wm. Campbell.............
Bank of Montreal, operating
charges ..........
Insane Account, 1939..
Edward Robert, Account to
Sept. 3rd, 1940 .........
Carmen Ireland, labour.......
Maurice Beaudoin,
M. C. Foster, repairing grader 1 50 James Cain, 2 days team..
41	2£ day man ....	3 75
Walter VaMillee, labour...
Maurice Cain,
U	U
Jas. McGoff, labour.
44	6j days team only	9 75
44	10 Spruce and
Balsam 30 ft long........	5 00
—Carried
Proses Verbe! of M. Joannissee chang •ing location of part of road Lot 17, Range 18, of this Township presented.
Motion by Crs. Martineau Farrell, that said Proses Verbal be accepted 'without any alterations.—Carried.
Account of Dr. RM. Hudson presented.
Motion by Crs Farrell Dagg, that the Sec-Treas. inform Dr. Hudson that this Council was under the impression that Mr. Martin Dowe was to handle such
Accounts—Carried.
Motion by Ore Martineau Dagg. that road foteman Thos Tracey be instruct ed to repair road where washed out at Harvey Steele's gravel pit, do so as soon
THE
ROOMS TO RENT—Rooms suitable for etc.
School Children. Apply to Mrs. Hillard ( Avenue, Ottawa, Sinclair, Shawville.	---
His
ROOMERS WANTED - Rooms for
Apply to Mrs. Norris
Bristol.
All persons having claims against the above Estate are requested to fyle the within fifteen days with the
school children. Angus. Shawville.
FOR SALE—A number of Plymouth ROOMS TO RENT — Rooms suitable R0ck Pullets hatched in April ; and a for School Children, with or without numbe rof White Leghorn year-old hens, hoard. Apply to Mrs. Sam Hamilton, also a litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for Shawville.	delivery 2oth of August. Apply to R. J.
----------—------------------- Tracy. Yarur Que. Phone 20-21. .
same
undersigned, and all persons owing monies to the above estate are requested to make payment forthwith to the undersigned.
WILLIAM A. WILSON,
FOR SALE-A number of good sound cedar fence posts, ready for delivery. Apply to Chas Mii.KIK, Schwartz. P.O,
FOR SALE-Pair Clyde Colts 3 and 1 years old, dark bay. well matched ; also one year-old bay gelding. Belgian) ; one set single harness slightly used. Apply to Mei.vin C. Woods. R. R. No. 2, Charteris, Que.
FOR SALE—One McClary Range No. 80 ; one Dominion Piano ; one Westinghouse Radio, electric ; Lindsay Victrola ; Large Refrigerator ; Sedan Star Car in good condition ; also several other items too numerous to mention. Apply to Mrs
FOR SALE-One pair of Clyde Colts, 1 and 2 years ohi ; also one two-year old Clyde Stallion registered. Will sell or trade for cattle. Apply to Jas. A.
Executor Wyman, Quebec
I
FOR SALE-One 1929 Plymouth Sedan in good condition, with license. "H* sell cheap for cash. Apply to Bert Stanley, Shawv.lle. Phone 14-23.
Will
A CHALLENGE TO CANADIANS
NOTICE
ROOM TO RENT- One room, furnished or unfurnished, with or without hoard. Apply to Mrs. Hector Telford, Shawville. Que.
1
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville, /
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes, as established by the Municipal Council of the Village of Shawville, has been completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; and any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the Seventh day of October, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of eight o’clock in the evening ; but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, the Twenty-eighth day of August, 1940.
HARLANDC. ROW AT
Secretary Treasurer
Tï
x	A
12 18

ROOMS TO RENT— A nice bright front room to rent. Apply to Mrs. E. H. Mre, Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE—Massey Harris Corn Hinder and Ensilage Cutter. Apply to Chas. Russell, Pine Lodge, Bristol. Phone 4-2.
60
4»
73
w
4 45
3	00
4	10
l
f
t«
h
FOR SALE — Reg. Ayrshire Cow. 4 years old ; also for rent five-room living apartment, bathroom and modern conveniences. Apply to Mbs, Berta I. Stark. Shawville. Phone 97
30
- i
• •
® /

mm


\

44
44



ii>

8 00
< \
i
%
I
%

>:•:
HENS FOR SA LE-A number of White Leghorn year old hens Apply to Mrs. H. E. Belshlr, Yarn». Que. Phone 25-27.
.y.
•:
i


Î
N
3 00
^4
V
v>:
:<•:•:




2 70


8 00
NOTICE

•v,
:-:<c
m
/,

Under the provisions of the Quebec Companies’ Act, Part One, Russell Brothers Incorporated, hereby gives notice that it will make application to the Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Quebec, for acceptance of the surrender of its charter and its cancellation on and from the date to be fixed by him.
Dated at Shawville, Que., this ninth day of September, 1940.

mm.
¦
5 00
/
/>
m
1 80

ft?

. |

1 75

a
j
i
44
1 25



1 80

:
1 80

15 00 11 80



SfTHE MOST WE CAN GIVE
WILL NEVER EQUAL
%
40
1 20
1 20
'A
3 00
%
vizizizizi/izlzizi/iyi

/
X
45
x
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
216 00
x
x

• •
X
X
X
X
15 17 17 00
x
X
X
X
X
1 35
• %
x
X
X
6 00
• #
44
fireside, family, friends, careers. They hold
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
\
Our men give all nothing back. Unasked, but stirred within by the urge of manhood and pride of race, they go forth bravely to face hardship, loneliness and danger, to risk life itself, in a great cause.
9 75
HI
• • •
x
e •
44
1 50
23 loads stone
2 30
v
X
13 00

• • •
41
It is your cause for which they fight You are not asked to give your own life — but you can help to save one.
The Red Cross, of glorious tradition, unchallenged in purpose, needs your help so that it can answer tanks with ambulances, bombs with beds, horrors with hospitals, cruelty with mercy.
Those of us at home will not be less loyal, less generous than oar fighting men. We can remind them daily of our gratitude devotion, through the Red Cross.
41
Emergency Call

Ml
for $5,000,000
Phone 27
CANADIAN _
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
è
Z
Quebec
Shawville,
‘HOOK
QQQQQE2QQ
ZtZ Z ZlZlZlZ ZiZiZ^ZlZlZ'ZiZiZiZ Z z


###PAGE###5###
_
%








' ; K
*
4»;
\



r -1....
%

B
%


!
ï
8
Üi


$
ui
:
Z'


i
à


itwri**
j
‘ ' I
SIMMONS NEW
k
l
1
<W
&
%
WA?
à
of

A*


I
I
%:
f
Ai
B AD E S
1


MATTRESS
x
xjeb^c

£
J


%
B

Q
y

Extra sleeping comfort has been built into the NEW Beauty rest Mat-837 individually pocketed coil
move-
r


tress.
springs yield to each sleeping ment to support the body in relaxed ease. The new inner roll, attached to the prebuilt border and outer row of springs, ensures a straight edge mattress. See the NEW Simmons Beauty-rest Mattress and thrill to its new

CANADIANS ACCLAIM THE NEW
I
i
i
MATTRESS
sleeping comfort.
Introduced on January 1st, thé New Beautyrest Mattress is making new sales records. Over 50%’ more Home Lovers purchased Beautyrest Mattresses to date than during the same period of last year. Beautyrest for years has been the standard by which all comparisons are made. Investigate its new comfort and health-giving qualities to-morrow.
?
k
*
A
I
IP


>
F
«

»


•x





fi




«3#

"
i
I

<

m#

—^	- .	$ ; i: ' .. ¦
• - * * »
*

*

tiding lawyer to take legal proceedings, prosecute and sue any person, firm or Corporation who may contravene the provisions of this By-Law.
2.	That the penalty for infringement of the said By-Law be fixed at the exact and detinite sum of Twenty Dollars (8*20.00) and costs, for each infringement thereof, in the place and stead of a penalty not exceeding Twenty Dollars and costs as provided in Paragraph 8 of the said By-Law.
3.	By adding the following Paragraph to the said By-Law :—
(9b) The tax payable by virtue of the present By-Law shall become due and payable during the month of January in each year in the case of persons, firms or corporations actually doing business at the commencement of the year and in all other caess before business commences.
First reading was moved by Cr. Cotie, seconded by Cr. Fades.
Second reading was moved by Cr. Prendergast, seconded by Cr. Strutt,
Third reading was moved by Cr.
7 50 2 50
School...............
Clarence Carson, work at No 2 J. H. Brown, lumber and posts
to No 3 ..................
Moyer School Supplies, desks .
H. A. Harford, piano repairs..
Motion by Comr Wilson, that these bills be paid.—Carried.
Principal C. S. Douglas being present discussed with the Board matters of interest concerning the Schools.
The meeting then adjourned
Service* Announcement
Shawvillic United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A , B.D. Pastor
Sunday, S<*pt. 22 11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.00 pm.—Service at Stalk’s Corners
The Pastor will preach on the subject : “Firm Convictions vs Shallow Opinions”
7.30	p m.—Service at Shawville
Subject :—“King George piays while Hitler boasts”. Third in a series on the war.
Bristol United Church Rkv. C. Armstrono-Sai.es B.D
Sunday, Sept. 22
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Sunday School Rally Day Service
Sunday Scboel Service at
Rev. Andrew Russell in charge of all three charges.
1 79
ESTABLISHED 1883
Break Up That
99 00 25 00
INVALID
Cold With
GEORGE HYNES & SON
BAYER
ASPIRIN
Directors of Funeral Service
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas
Shawville, Que.
Three Sizes
Shawville Council
Phone 80
Costs less than one cent a tablet
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council to be held on the third day of September, 1940, was adjourned by Cr*. Co tie and Caldwell for lack of a quorum to Monday, the 9th September, 194V, at 8 00 p. m
10.00
11.00
u
44
2.00
Knox,
3.00
*4

10 30
Austin,
September 9th, 1940	_
The regular meeting of the Municipal Caldwell and seconded by Cr. Fades. Council was livid at Hynes’ Hall on The above amendments to By-Law the above date. Present : —HÜ Wor- No. ’.22 were then carried unanimously shin, Mayor G. G. McDowell in the and declared to be duly enacted chair and Councillors Caldwell, Cotie, The revised valuation roll for the Strutt and Prendergast.	year 1940 was examined by the Council.
The minutes of the last meeting were Moved by Cr. Lades, seconded by read and approved on motion of Crs. Cr. Cotie that the revisions of the Rades and Caldwell.	valuation roll made by the valuators
The following bills were presented to be accepted without change and homoCouncil for approval	logated.-Carried unanimously.
Gatineau Power Company ,.	*64 09 Cr. Rades gave notice that at the
u	ii	68 43 next regular meeting he would introduce
By-law to levy the tax rate for this 32 92 Municipality for the year 1940.
Moved by Cr Caldwell, seconded by Cr. Cotie, that a grant of one hundred dollars be given to the Pontiac Agricul-
7	76 tural Society, No. 1. — Carried unani-
8	00 mously.
Moved by Cr. Fades, seconded by Cr. Prendergast that a grant of fifty dollars be given to the Shawville Boys’ Band.—Carried unanimously.
Moved by Crs. Cotie and Strutt to 5 00 adjourn.—Carried.

7.30
U
MacLean’s
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
RED & WHITE STORE
Nokman United Church
N O RT II CL A REN DON, Q U EC EC >*
The last session of Sunday School and Bible Class wil! be held in the church
Sunday, Sept. 29th at *2 00 pm. This will be followed with Rally Day Service to which all are invited. An offering for the Missionary and Maintenance Fund will be received.
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves”
â I
on
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
25c
Rolled Wheat. 5 lbs. package
Rolled Oats, per lb...............
Wheatena, per lb..................
Walker’s Salted Sodas. 1 lb. package
per lb..............
Canadian Pacific Railway
General Supply Co........
J, R. Prendergast .......
Hodgins Lumber Co.......
L. Dale..................
J P Wilson ..............
Bert Swartz .............
He,nan Dagg..............
I Swartz.................
J H Strutt ..............
Labour...................
Harold Beckett .........
Mrs. L E Thomson.........
Moved by Cr. Cotie, seconded by Cr.
Strutt, that the above bills be paid.—
Carried.
As per notice given at the last meet ing, the following amendment to By law No. 122, known as License By-Law was moved by Cr. Cotie and seconded by Cr. Fades
1. By adding thereto, after Para graph 9, the following paragraph
(9a) The Mayor of the Corporation of the Village of Shawville shall have power and authority on behalf and in the name of the said Corporation and without having to secure any other $55 00 authorization of the Council by résolu-
I tion, to retain the services of any prac Phone 76
1 00
a

Sc
Shawville, Sept. 4th, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on the above date, Present, Chairman Hod-gins and Commissioners Hobbs, Nurse
and Walsh.	J j
The minutes of last meeting read and
were approved on motion of Comr
Walsh.	j L
Commissioner Nurse reported that he
had inspected the painting on No. I and No. 11, schools, and found satisfactory work had been done on those schools.
Commissioner Wilson entered and and took his seat at the Board.
Motion by Comr Nurse, that $150.00 be allowed for equipment and supplies for the Domestic Science Department for the term 1940—41 — Carried.
y Comr Nurse, that the llect and remit to the In*

ANGLICAN Sunday, Sept. 22 St Paul’s
10.00	a m.—Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30	pm.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Harvest Thanksgiving Service 10.00a m —Sunday School
11.00	a m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
1.30	p.m—Sunday School 2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, Sept. 22
His Lordship the Bishop of Montreal will make his official visit to Thorne Centre and Greermount.
Thorne Centre, Confirmation
Service..............
Greermount, Confirmation Ser ' vice.
Charteris,

2 34
5c
21 30 274 51
12c


6c
Macaroni,
Tapioca,
Sago.
Broken Rice Blue Rose Rice, ' '
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar.............
Maple Butter, large tin..........:.....
Sandwich Spread, per jar...............
National Soap Chips, large package.....
Cassia Buds, Whole Allspice, Celery Seed,
Curry Powder and Tumeric, perpkg.......
C M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package......
X
38 50
12c
4 •
75
I
12c
9 35
S â
34 55 20 00
6c
« #

$
8c
I i
A-
25c
HaRLAND C. Row AT
Sec. Treas

25c

25c

8
25c

Pulpwood Wanted
Motion t>
Secretary co come Tax Commissioner the amount required under the National Defence Act.
—Carried.	.
The following bills were presented for
Harold Beckett, painting No 1
School inside.........
Irvine Swartz, work at High
<
».

5c
prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
I am
%
5c

à

4
10c
• •
4 4
4 •
• • • •
11.00
300
Evening Prayer
7.30
%


?


:
•<
j



,


###PAGE###6###
P
rider on him; then to draw a feed box for the horse; and lastly, to print “Oats” on the box.
When the lights are flashed back on there will be many astounding pictures exhibited!
Blindfold Artists
Spiders Possess Huge Appetites
NAVAL CRAFT LAUNCHED AT KINGSTON
Here’s an amusing party game
to try:	,	.
Cards and pencils are passed
to the contestants, and the lights snapped off. Then, in absolute darkness the players are asked to draw a horse. When this is done, they are told to draw a
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON


Equivalent of Em
Consume tire Fat Ox for Breakfast, Judging by Human Stand-




The manufacture of machinery is the biggest industry in the United States.
are



ards
The spider is one of the most cessful animals In the struggle tor existence. It has adapted itself to under almost every condition, in all latitudes and in all tempera-
*
?
ever-present cod.—
Psalm 139.
PRINTED TEXT, Pe. 139s 1-12,
23, 24
GOLDEN TEXT.—If » man love me, he will keep my word:
Father will love him, and
sue-
THE





E

!
m
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
?

life

tures.	, .	.
Spiders vary very much in size,
the tiny garden spider to a
and my
we will come unto him, and make abode with him. John 14: 23.
FOR. AAANV CEfsTTU RI ES,
from	_ ._____
South American form that preys
humming birds.
It is hard to account for the fear
so many people have of spider*. They are valuable animals which do a lot of good. All degrees of development can be found amongst spiders, from the hunting variety to the web-spinning garden spider, which snares a plentiful supply of food with its beautiful geometric web. An insect destroyer, the spider demands respect, its appetite Is
Insatiable.
COULD BE .
A well-known scientist has stated
that a man, eating at the same rate as a spider, would require a whole fat ox for breakfast, an ox and five sheep for dinner, two bullocks, and eight sheep and four hogs tor supper, and just before retiring nearly
four barrels of fresh fish.”
The question of food has so far prevented much use of the spider s a i 1 k for commercial purposes. Gloves have been made, and are said to be more durable than those made of silk spun by the silk worm; but the feeding is a serious item.
THE. CHINESE KEPT THE
on
our
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING


thev made the outside
WOKLD BEL.I EVE
rr was ccwaeo^e \
F/ZOMTKEES./^ \ • I
1
-We are not able to as when this psalm
kv\>\\
Time.
certain	.	.
written, though its title makes
it to be a product of the time
of King David.
Place.—There is nothing in the
pslam to indicate at what place
it was first written.
In this lesson we have the opportunity of considering a subject. which has almost fallen out
of modern thought, i.e. God a
a man’s
I

?
was
N
i
i


/à



from
fiPfUL, 1917, to APRIL, 1919,
THE WORLD WAR. COST THE UNITED STATES ABOUT
' A AVLLfONAND A HALF DOLLARS AN HOUR/
nr
COMMERCIALIZED

.V. w
perfect knowledge of all deeds, even of his inner life. Nowhere are the great attributes of his omniscience, his omnipresence, his omnipotence forth so strikingly as they are in this magnificent psalm. Nowneri*
overwhelming

’S
(*•
\
vj^

God
set
i
1
""T
* * *

?
is there a more eense of the fact that man is beset
and compassed about by God, pervaded by his Spirit; and yet nowhere is there a more emphatic assertion of the personality of man as distinct from, not absorbed in, the Deity. In this psalm, the power of conscience,
the sense of sin and of respons-
felt and acknowledged,
(f
Mill
•irr-


1




I
.?
A
*

y

!
/
Form Notes . .

0

ibllity, are	.	.
and prayer is offered to One who is
only the Judge, but the


0


GifZLS OF MARRIAGEABLE AGE
HANG OOLLS IN THEIR. WINDOWS


BS8
\
not

À


Friend.

Practical Asset -A Root Cellar


Hit Perfect Knowledge
The first section of the psalm _	. declaration and confession
the part of the psalmist of God’s absolute omniscience, acknowledging that God knows all things including the psalmists’» own life and thoughts and deeds. 1. 0 Jehovah, thou has searched me, and known me. 2. Thou know-est my downsitting and mine uprising; Thou understandest my thought afar off. 3. Thou search-est out my path and my lying down, And art acquainted with all my ways. 4. For there to not a word in my tongue, But lo, 0 Jehovah, thou knowest it altogether. 6. Thou hast beset me behind and before, And laid thy hand upon me.
Jehovah knows every ual thoroughly; knows, with firsthand knowledge, as the result of. personal search and tracing and testing. The hand suggests the sweet sense of companionship; the ministry of soothing ; and the ministry of guidance. 6. Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; It to high, I cannot
attain unto it Our mind has no line with which to measure the Infinite. Do we therefore question? Say, rather, that we therefore believe and adore.
His Omnipresence

COP*. 1*M IV NCA SERVICE. INC


is a

Eastern Canada from
on
As in-------
early pioneer days, the root cellar in the Prairie Provinces has proved one of the most practical means of preserving and storing farm vegetable crops. Among the many methods in use, the root cellar has the advantage of low cost and simplicity of construction. Old lumber and materials on hand may be utilized where-ever possible. To show how a substantial root cellar may be made, the Agricultural Engineering Division of the Dominion Experimental Station at Swift Current, Saskatchewan, has drawn up simple and effective plans for the construction of a root cellar, which are given in a recently issued Farmers’ Bulletin entitled “A Practical Farm Root Cellar.” It can be obtained by writing to Publicity and Extension Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa.
Ideal Location
shown (bottom) discussing a fine point of construction with Assistant Superintendent Dougald MacCorquodale (centre) and John Greig, snip-
NEXTt Does our food Just slide down when we swallow?
i?
¦
!
MAP OF EMERALD ISLE
fitter.
19 Myself.
21 This country's prime v minister
Answer to Previous Punie
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured is the map of
Confucius Was Born
2,942 Years Ago
birthplace at Chufu, in Shantung Province, and Confucian temple were Chinese patriots this year, for Chufu is in Japanese hands and the Chungking temple was smashed by Japanese bombs last month.

at Chungking’s
de
7 It has a large center table-land.
13	Auto body
14	Monkey.
16	Waterfalls.
17	Cover.
18	To emit vapor.
20	Unit of work.
21	Crime.
22	Antiquated
23	Bartered.
25	Part of a drama.
26	South America.
28	Field.
29	Perched.
30	Preposition.
32 To eject.
35 Lights.
38 Opposed to
wholesale.
40	To habituate, ço This land’s
41	Devoured.
42	Ancient Egyptian deity.
denied
24 Maiden.
26	Ironies.
27	Prominent.
29 Mineral
spring.
31 Light brown. 33 Pertaining to the retina, iii 34 Indian.
36	Genus of « rodents.
37	Conditional stipulation.
39 Upright shaft. 44 To opine.
„ 45 To value.
46 Deity of war.
6	Granted facts. 47 Door rugs
7	Tiny vegetables.
8	Dye.
9	Cravats.
10	To register.
11	Nook.
12	You and me. 56 Street 15 Foot like
part.
18 Gaiter.
or
China, on August 27 commemorated the 2,492nd anniversary of the birth of Confucius, venerated for centuries as the “perfect sage of 10,000 generations.”
Traditional ceremonies at the
Wit
individ-
gasuwi
u
L
n
RADIO REPORTER
2	Small memorial.
3	Decree.
4	To drain.
5	Form of “a.
43	Sun.
44	Loss.
49 Pays one's part.
51	Constellation.
52	Lukewarm.
55	Not common.
56	Condition.
58	To increase in price.
59	It has a mild
By DAVE ROBBINS
which
Important factors upon the measure of success of storing vegetables depends are the location of the cellar, temperature, humidity, and ventilation. The ideal location for a root cellar is on the side of a hill. This will
proper drainage from the cellar and prevent water from accumulating during runoff periods. By having a south entrance, sunshine and air may he admitted which will help to keep the vegetables in a dry condition. Vegetables, especially potatoes, should not be exposed to very much light as it tends to spoil them for table use.
Best Temperature
The best temperature for the storage of vegetables is between 35 and 40 degrees F. However, in the case of potatoes better storage is obtained when the temperature is kept around 60 defer the first* two weeks. At
of heaven” In their lagular CBS program from New York. On September 16 the Lombardo# will be heard from Chicago and on September 23 they will broadcast from
Cleveland.
VISIT FROM THE KING
During a recent visit to the Overseas Division of the British Broadcasting Corporation, the King and Queen spent some minutes chatting with Gerald W11 mot and Gerard Arthur, Canadian announcers who are now in England with the Overseas Unit of the CBC.
The King recalled that he had
W il m o t
48	Gull.
49	Circle part.
50	Three.
53	Metal fastener
54	Man's reading
As man’s thoughts can never be hidden from God, who knows all things, so now the psalmist declares that man cannot hide himself from God, no matter in which direction he might flee, for God is everywhere present in the
world.	*
7. Whither shall I go from thy Spirit? Or whither shall I flee from thy presence? 8. If I ascend
up into heaven, thou art there: If I make my bed in Sheol, behold, thou art there. 9. If I take the wings of the morning, And dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea; 10. Even there shall thy hand lead me, And thy right hand shall hold me. 11. If I say, Surely the darkness shall overwhelm me, And the light about me shall be night; 12. Even the darkness hideth not from thee, But the night shineth as the day: The darkness and the light are both alike to thee.
Abhorrence of Wickedness
away
ensure
The Southernâires. NBC'e ace Negro male quartet that is heard from CKOC each Sunday morning at 10.30, have just been made bourn embers of the Society for
room.
chief river.
(abbr.). 57 Sound of inquiry.
first discovered Mr. through hearing his voice from a bush where he lay concealed while giving a commentary for Canadian listeners on a visit by His Majesty to Canadian Foi'ces in an English
VERTICAL
1 Exists.
or ary
the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Sing-
10 II 1
2 3
I
ing in America.
This famous group Is the only professional quartet so honoured. Several chapters of this society actually came to be formed as a suit of inspiration from the South-ernaires broadcasts.
16
15
M
13
camp.
Their Majesties met many presentativee of the British Dominions and Colonies, and watched
ration of news bulletins in many foreign
fi
0
17
re-
K
5
2
a
K
I
the prei and programs languages, as well as English.
IVI,

8
When Gwynne Evans, president of the Evans Coffee Company In St Louis, offered to pay the expenses of a trip to New York for the winner of a contest In his radio show—he certainly got more than he bargained for. The winner turned out to be six members of a harmonica band, but G wynne kept his promise.
• • •
And then there is the script girt from the Buffalo studio that was telling her girl pals— I was out with the big noise from the studio last night!" “The president?*’ she was asked. “Of course not, the sound-effects man
4
3
9
NOTES AND NEWS
Edward G. Robinson has returned to Hollywood from Pebble Beach where he spent a two weeks’ vacation, and he Is now working preliminary arrangements for his “Big Town” program, which will begin its fourth year over the
.	. . . Columbia network in October. Rob-
in the 19th verse the psalmist j jn8<)n ^celled a proposed trip to switches abruptly from contem-ej™ plation of the divine to express a hope that righteous vengeance will overtake the wicked. Yet the psalmist does not think of himself as incapable of sinning in his own life
whelmed with a new longing to be utterly clean from any pos-
inner life. |
And thus he brings his marvel- j lous confession of God's science and omnipresence to a close, with a personal prayer that God would make his own life what it ought "to be in the light of these truths. 23. Search me,
O God, and know my heart: Try me, and know my thoughts. 24.
And see if there be any wicked
' ( And lead me in the everlasting. The psalmist
grees
such temperature, tissue injury that may have occurred at harvesting will heal more rapidly.
32
0

•W
3
on
Production of crude petroleum in Canada was increased in April to 634,809 barrels, as compared with 570,131 barrels in March, and 559,368 in April 1939. Output during the four months ended April totalled 2,347,445, ns compared with 1,835,983 in the same period of 1939.
:<•»:
South America this summer.
• * *
Guy Lombardo and Hi* Royal Canadians, who will soon be leaving for out-of-town engagements, play "the sweetest music this side
58
5
9
t "
he is suddenly over-
By J. MILLAR WATT
Sleeping Time Up to the Minister
POP
sible sin in his own
I
OF HIS SERMON !
omm-
THE LENGTH
UPON WHAT V
THAT
depends
how late do vou usually
sleep OKI SUNDAY MORNING
? •

N
2%
4V
<s>

tew
•a
< I

way in me,
way
felt that what he wanted was a guide, who would take him by the hand, and hold him up when he was ready to fall, along the rugged journey of life, or on the brink of a dangerous precipice. “Lead me in the way ¦¦¦ lug'*
f/n

p
0
6.
t
Jj&'i

\

r-
// •
r.,


1-29

ever last* |
1
t
###PAGE###7###
1

#
1
t
!
What Science Is Doing
¦*
mmmtMmmWk

«-•. f

es

f




1

SMALLER IRON LUNG
A new “iron lung,” weighing but 40 pounds compared with over 600 pounds for the old "boiler-type" respirator, is being used In Tacoma, Wash., during the current siege of infantile paralysis.
Paralysis specialists hall the pee-wee respirator* invented by Dr. F. H. Tehhaar of Los Angeles, as a "godsend,” particularly for cases where the more unwieldy and larger lung presents transportation problems and hence loss of life.
Silver as germicide
Dr. Alexander Goetz of California Institute of Technology predicts that silver eventually may replace chlorine and other germicides in purifying the world's drinking wat-
"The metal leaves the water f parkling and with a taste of freshness," said the physicist in describing experiments made by him and hie scientist-wife. "Neither is there any disagreeable odor."
WEIGHS FORCE OF FEATHER
The University of Washington has a new airplane scales which weighs with the speed of light.
invented to weigh the forces which strike an airplane in flight. It can record anything from the slap of a feather to a ton and a quarter yank.
This scales records accurately a pull which lasts only one-hundredth of a second. The name of these entary stresses on the parts of a plane is "force transients."
M

THAT'S EASY

t fr#’

\
BIG BEN!

!k
mm
H
V<


HEW H



fm
%
I

v
»
»




The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
ME

mm
**t**#«0M$2 «A, .

t»
er


~ sssF

•tart. I gave him the gate today.”
This photo just received via transatlantic clipper a nd passed by the British censor* shows a group of British and Canadian troops encamped on a road near Reykjavik, Iceland, which the British occupied after Hitler's bloodless	of Denmark.
»?

VA

¦ HAVE • YOB HEARD?
Police judge—-What is your exfor speeding through , the
cuse
town at 60 miles an hour?
Defendant—Well, your honor, I had just heard the women of my wife’s church were having a rummage sale, and I was rushing home to save my ether pair of
Choosing A Site To Build Home?
| How Can I?
* BY ANNE ASHLEY
HEALT TOPICS
It was
I
Bill the sailor had broken with his girl. After ignoring several letters, requesting the return of her photograph, he received one threatening to complain to the captain.
Deciding to silence her for all time, he borrowed all the pictures of girls available on the ship, sending them to her in a large bundle, with the following note: “Pick yours out. I’ve forgotten what you look like.”
“How did you learn to walk a tight rope. Just pick it up yourself?”
“No, it has to be taut.”
At a reception, Oliver Wendell Holmes discovered a little girl looking hungrily at the cakes and sandwiches on the tea table.
“Are you hungry, little girl?” asked Dr. Holmes.
“Yes, sir,” the child replied.
“Then why don’t you take some food?”
“Because I haven’t a fork.”
“Fingers were made before forks,” Holmes observed, smilingly.
“Not mine,” the little girl replied.
Il
!
pants.
Police judge—Acquitted. Next
i
Many Factors Bear On The Choice of Lot for Residence
case.
Q. How can I remove the odor of onions from the breath?
A. Chew a whole coffee bean or sprig of parsley which has been dipped in vinegar. If a lump of sugar saturated with vinegar is eaten, it will also remove onion odor from the breath.
Q. How can I rid the house of ants?
A. A mixture of half borax and half sugar will poison every ant that finds it. Sprinkle it on shelves and around all haunts.
Q. How can I remove spots and Stains from silk without injuring the color?
A. Take five parts of water and six parts of alum, well pounded. Boil a short time, and then pour into a vessel to cool. Previous to using, the mixture must be made warm. Then wash the stained parts and allow to dry.
A. Sprinkle a little salt on the gills. If this turns them yellow, they are poisonous; if it turns them black, they are safe to eat.
Q. How can I sharpen a dull razor blade ?
A. Insert the blade into a glass filled with water and rub against the side of the glass.
o
With real estate becoming recognized as one of the foremost Investment media unaffected by market fluctuations due to variations In war conditions, home-ownership is quoted today by architectural authorities as not only Insurance against rei tal increases but an investment for the future with the knowledge that funds paid Into the home will not depreciate with the years but should Increase materially.
Important factors to be borne in mind when investing in real estate are quoted as follows:
1.	Secure a dependable opinion the location and value of house
or land. The services of a dependable real estate agent should be secured in respect to trends and land values.
2.	Steps should be taken to obtain an absolutely clear title to any parcel of land or improved property It Is essential that one should require the owner of a property to establish his title to it before it is purchased.
3.	Make sure that the a if is free and clean In the locality in which the proposed land or home lies. It Is manifestly more pleasant to have a house located In a community relatively free from smoke and dust.
4.	Purchase enough land. It ie generally considered that a frontage of BO feet Is not too much. Narrow lots limit space, distort the architecture and limit privacy. The wider the lot the more desirable It will be to others with consequent greater resale value.
Prevention Of Whooping Cough
Client: Do you guarantee this hair-restorer?
Hairdresser:	Better than
that, sir. We give a comb with every bottle.
The strong man at the fair had just finished squeezing the juice
out of a lemon.
Holding it up before the crowd he shouted: “I'll give $5 to anyone who can squeeze another drop of juice out of this lemon!"
Up stepped a little man. He gripped the lemon and, to the surprise of the crowd, squeezed several more drops from it.
“It’s easy,” he murmured, “I’m an income tax collector!”
i
0211
From studies made at the Connaught Laboratories and School of Hygiene, Toronto one gains the view that whooping cough may be prevented by the timely use of a fresh strain vaccine produced for this purpose, writes Dr. John W. S. McCullough of the Health League of Canada study referred to was carried on six years among groups of control and vaccinated children. Up to the present time 288 control and 1,007 vaccinated children have been followed. Of the former, 52 and of the latter 97, were in contact wth cases of whooping cough. The number of cases in the first group were 43 and in the latter group 10, so that the respective percentages were 82 and 10.
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
The
1. What is the best time for a to ask his employer for an
man
increase in salary?
2. If a girl is introduced to a
man twice, at some social affair,
what should she do?
3. Who is responsible if a guest
drinks too much?
4. When the glass of iced tea la served on a small coaster, what should one do with the spoon after stirring the tea?
6. Is it proper to have an ash tray for each guest, in the living room?
6. Is it all right to begin a letter with an apology for not having written earlier?
on
Long-term Honesty
The cashier of an old-established grocery firm at Auckland, New Zealand, got the surprise of his life when a man walked up to his desk and paid a debt of $5.00 contracted with the firm 48 years ago. The debt was so old that the firm had no record of it.
Protective Vaccine
Of the 97 contacts in the vaccinated group there were 23 direct exposures to brothers and sisters with whooping cough. In the 23 instances the nature of the contact was intimate and continuous (often kissing, drinking from the same cup or sleeping in the same bed), veloped the disease from their brothers and sisters. This is very strong evidence of the protective value of the vaccine since one would not expect all of the 23 children continuously exposed to whoping cough to escape the disease.
I hear your boy friend wants to settle down and own a house.”
“Well, he’s got a good
Answers	|
1. Perhaps the best time would be when he is marrying or expecting to become a father. How-, many employers resent this I at any time, and it is well to weigh the matter carefully before asking it. 2. Merely smile and say that she has already met “Mr. I Williams.” 3. This is the host’s responsibility. It is his duty to I maneuver in some way to prevent I it. 4. If there is a table doth, the I only place to leave the spoon is I in the glass. On a bare table one I may place the spoon on the table, I the same as when at a soda foun- I ta;n. 5. Yes. Guests should not be forced to share trays. 6. This is I often done, but it is not good form.	I
If Peonies Don’t Bloom, Move ’Em
None of the 23 de-
I MY WIFE'S
I
SHE CHANGED à

r
ever,
Sometimes Shallower Planting Helps
b>i
? ^ V
TO
Midlands: British Industrial Core
It will be noted that there were 82 cases of whooping cough in the control group and but ten in the vaccinated children. This is another strong suggestion that the vaccine protects.
Another fact, already referred to, is that while 52 control children coming in contact with whooping cough, 43 contracted the disease giving a morbidity of 82 per cent, but 10 of 97 vaccinated children we re infected, giving a morbidity of but 10 per cent, in this group.
The foregoing, added to one’s own experience is the use of whooping cough vaccine, indicates that this preventive remedy should be used in all cases where there is a threat of this disease.
Peonies that have failed to bloom may be benefitted by a shift to another location, or by shallower planting—not deeper than two or three Inches. The present Is a good time to move them.
Last call for sowing pansy seed if early spring bloom Is desired; solid colons, such as Swiss Blue, Black King. Snow Queen and the All-America winner, Coronation Gold, are much more effective In borders than the usual mixtures.
PRUNING SEASON There's plenty of work in the garden now for the pruning shears; many shrubs can be thinned out, to give more room for vigorous new growth; the same applies to cane and bush fruits, such as raspberries and currants; weedy tops of perennials that have completed their growth should be removed.

/
/
FIT
As well As Being The Geographic Heart of England— So Offer Valuable Target For Enemy Bombers
fFORA
KING!
f
»
The Midlands, which German bomtbers have added to their aerial blitzkrieg program, may be defined as the dozen central counties of England, says a bulletin from the National Geographic Society:
“Little idea of their importance is conveyed by saying that they extend from Staffordshire east to Huntingdonshire, from Derbyshire south to Bucks. For the Midlands are bounded on the north by Robin Hood's Sherwood Forest, on the southwest by Stratford-on-Avon and the other native haunts of William Shakespeare; on the south by ancient Oxford on the Thames, on the east by Cambridge and the picturesque Fen Country.
“The geographic heart of England, the plains of the Midlands lie post Of the Severn, north of the Thames, south of the Trent and west of the heights of East Anglia. The approximately 4,000,000 Inhabitants of these plains form about a tenth of England's popula-
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
e ¦ i
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
IAKS NKW AND USED
AGENTS W ANTED
SUPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST lens, cover more. Inst longer. lay faster, save sheathing. Buy noxv before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia, Ontario.	____________
If you are interested in STEADY CASH PROFITS—if you would like interesting, profitable work selling the most popular line of obligation:	FAMILEX, 570 St.
everyday necessities at present on the market, inquire today without Clement. Montreal.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge St.. 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars m%ke us many friends.
Exports of Canadian wheat flour during the first seven months of 1940 totalled 4,065,870 barrels valued at $16,173,935 compared with 2,626,675 barrels worth $7,849,129 in the corresponding period of 1939.
PilOTO FINISHING
EYEGLASSES
EYEGLASSES. LOWEST PRICES. Free catalogue and eyesight tester sent on request. Satisfaction guaranteed. Kleer Sight Optical Co., 577 College. Dept W.. Toron-
BABY CHICKS
FREE! You Can Now Own
GETS NEW POST
STARTED CHICKS
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus _voui" choice of a free enlarge-menrin easel mount or free silverware. To get the beet In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J* Toronto.
WE’VE STILL SOME 7-8 WEEK Bray Pullets. Immediate shipment. Order later delivery chicks now. Be sure you're on the list for Bray Fall Service Bulletin—ready soon. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N.. Hamilton. Ont.
to.
HOGS FOR SALE CHOICE TAMWORTH PIGS SIX weeks old registered $10.00, without papers $8.00. Albert Lawrence, Grafton. Ontario. ____________________
»
“Wool” made from milk is being produced in an American factory. The inventors claim it is cheaper and harder, wears longer, and dyes better than the real thing.
THE BIGGEST BARGAIN ON WELL started Leghorn pullets ever offered by us. Three week old $17.90, four week old $19.90, five week old $24.90. Also older free range pullets.—Top Notch Chlekeries, Guelph. Ontario.

HUNTING DOGS
0*
YOUNG AMERICAN COON HOUNDS slim trim built. Sharp scented, open trailers. Finest hunters on any gome. $12 each.—J. L. Irwin,
Ilderton. Ontario.
tlon.
“Dominating the Western Midlands, Birmingham has grown on varied metal Industries to become England's second largest city, In the midst of a whole constellation of manufacturing suburbs.
“Staffordshire Is one of the most Important counties In England for Its industrial productivity. Its north-section is notable for the dus-of towns known as the Potteries, possibly the most concentrated and busiest ceramics centre
In the world.
“South Staffordshire is the site of the Black Country, darkened with the smoke of a thousand specialized metal Industries. Leicestershire, now known for Its Industrial city of Leicester. England's ‘stocking capital,' still preserves the moated castle of Kenilworth frcn the days of Queen Elizabeth.

CJicmLeel&i Çf
Slow Burning
FREE RANGE PULLETS. BARRED Rocks. New Ramps, White Leghorns. White Rock*, all ages from 10 weeks to 24 weeks. Our Highest quality and low prices will please you. Free catalogue.—Tweddle Thick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
SEED FOR SALE
SALE OF STOCK
NIGGER RED WHEAT TESTING sixty-TY^f, 85c: Fall barley testing fifty-two, $ 1.(00 per bus. All Government standard grade No. 1 bags Included, 5c per bus. extra if treated with seresnn. Write N. & G. King. Pain Court. Ontario.
K
it*
KITCHENER STOCK YARDS. LANcaster St., ham good market for Horses. Dairy Cows, Feeders, Calves. Pigs. Poultry, Implements, produce with Auction Sale every Thursday. Terms Cash; Rates reasonable:	prices good. Come to
Kitchener where people can buy. —F. J. Steffler. Manager. _______
#
CIGARETTE PAPERS

none, finir made
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
STARTED PULLETS
PL PH ED It HALE
LEGHORN STARTED PULLETS AT bargain prices, three week old 19.90, four week old $22.90, also
pullets all ages and breeds.
TWO REGISTERED ST. BERNARD puppies. 3 months, sell reasonable or exchange one for good Western saddle. Colin Copeland. Lachute,
Quebec. _________*_________
IN FORM AT An
era
;
BUREAU
ter
ree range all popular Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden. Ontario.
Free circular.
INFORMATION ON ANY SUBJECT. Questions of any nature answered, 25 cents each. Five for dollar. Write Vcrtlieb's Information Bureau Wawbewawa, Ontario.___
*
Guaranteed
Commander W RC.N
H.M.C.S. Fraser from the first day of the war until it was sunk during rescue operations off Bordeaux, France, has been appointed senior naval officer at Gaspe and commanding officer of all auxiliary vessels based there.
_ B. Ci eery, officer commanding
38 to 52 years old. Women who are restless, moody, NERVOUS—who fear hot flashes, dizzy spells—to take Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound. Pinkham’s is famous for helping women during these “trying times" due to functional irregularities. Get a bottle today from your druggist 1 WORTH TRYING 1
HAKKRY EQUIPMENT
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
%
•i
NURSING
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACHINery. alun rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven r*o.. 109 Bathurst St.. Tor
New
Used
COURSE FOR ATTENDANTS — Verdun Protestant Hospital gives a year’s training for mental at-tendanta. Requirements 2 years’ high school and applicants must be 21 years of age. Ap*y. Director of Nursing, P.O. Box 6034, Montreal
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic Holsts. Winches. Generators, Starters, Magnetos. Carburetors,
— Eiekaage Service, satisfaction er
!r>
Radiators Glass —-
Levy Auto Parts, Dept. I.. Toreate.
ISSUE 37—’40
###PAGE###8###
New Service Station Burglarized
by the Department of Agriculture.
The branch gained a new mem-
Tea was served and all enjoyed a pleasant hour.
Cemetery Memorials
The new, up-to-date Imperial Oil Service Station on Main Street, operated by Mr. Morley Hod gins, of the Hodgins Lumber Co, was
Second Red Cross Nursing	night onlvednMday otîsSt week.
Class Concludes	The building was entered by
«¦»«¦
persons for co operation and help : mK tbe theI^___
SsSr” a ".‘"rcsu.......
sr jg'Sfci
demonstration work, which 1 John N Rngsel]i Bristol, 53 points,
•nst sfSo0-:LigeR.c.».M c.
ville, 48 points, 10th.
New Fall Suits
Tops in style, fancy shades of greens, browns,
blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
with two trousers
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
New Fall Hats
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
$1.95 to $2.95
Latest Shades and Styles...?....
Phone. 278
Forsyth Dress Shirts
GEO. H. FHOATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.65
Coloured Stripes and White
'
• see
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
NOTICE
Farms For Sale or Rent
... $2.25
The best shirt on the market
Dr
• ••#••• #* »
Tf I wish to announce that I have secured the agency for the Gilson “Snow Bird” Washers machines are operated by electric and gasoline motors. If you are in need of such a machine call and see me for particulars and terms.
CLIFFORD CONE, Shawville, Qne,
Three good farms for sale or rent, fairly good buildings, lots of water on each place, light and heavy land six
Quyon, good gravel road, ol and church ; also good mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to
McGregor Hose
ints , 68
These
miles from 1 close to schoo
50cts.
Specially Priced at...

• ••MM
••••••••
MR P. J. DOLAN,
R. R. No. 3, Quyon, Que
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Miss Muriel Russett Honoured
Honouring Miss Muriel Russett, whose marriage takes place shortly, Mrs. Pearl Garrety entertained at the home of Mrs. Hiram Knox on Thursday evening. Sept. 12th, at a miscellaneous shower.
The gifts were presented to the bride-elect in a decorated basket by little Jimmie Knox and Donald Cullen and an address read by Miss Mona Hodgins as follows :
Dear Muriel :	.
We your friends and neighbours have assembled here this evening to wish you happiness on your approaching marriage.
We present you with these gilts in appreciation of your friendship and we hope that they will convey to you the good wishes of all who have gathered here.
Signed on behalf of your Friends and neighbours.
Miss Russett, although taken by surprise, thanked her friends ill a few well chosen words.
The evening was spent in dancing, music being supplied by the Dumas orchestra.
Dainty refreshments were served by the Mesdames Pearl Garret}*, Leonard Horner, Thou. Stephens. W. S. Knox and Robert S. Sheppard.
Calling out men of certain age classes for medical examination, and if fit, to undergo military training for a period of 30 days within Canada, or the
territorial waters thereof
>
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Full Stock of :—
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
%
Now is the time to have your Furnace and”!Pipes checked
over.
CANADA
ATHLONE
[L.S.]
GEORGE THE SIXTH, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas KING, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India.
TO ALL TO WHOM these Presents shall come or whom the same may

MM
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec

s
in anywise concern,
Q
Statistical Report for August Pontiac Community Hospital
Patients carried over from
July..................
Admissions...............
Births ..................
Total under treatment —
Hospital Days
Private....
Semi-private Indigent Nursery....
GREETING
PROCLAMATION
E. MIALL, | THEREAS it is provided by The National Acting Deputy Minister Vy Resources Mobilization Act, 1940. that the
of Justice, Canada	Governor in Council may make from time to
time such orders and regulations requiring persons to place themselves, their services and their property at the disposal of His Majesty in the right of Canada for the use within Canada or the territorial waters thereof, as may be deemed necessary or expedient for securing the public safety, the defence of Canada, the maintenance of public order, or the efficient prosecution of the war, or for maintaining supplies or services essential to the life
of the community;
AND WHEREAS pursuant to the powers therein contained, and the
Governor in Council did on the
6
J5J5JE1BIEJ5JBIBJBJBJ5JSJS1SIS15JS
07

fuifuiruiru
4
< *
294
Shawville Fair
170
131
23
2594
Total
Quebec’s Best County Exhibition
provisions of The War Measures Act, our 27th day of August, 1940, make regulations to provide a system for calling out men for military training within Canada and the territorial waters thereof, such regulations being known as the National War Services Regulations, 1940;
AND WHEREAS pursuant to and in accordance with the said Regulations, it has been decided to call out for military training, as aforesaid, every male British Subject who is or has been at any time subsequent to the first day of September, 1939, ordinarily resident in Canada and who, on the first day of July, 1940, had reached the age of twenty-one years but had not yet reached the age on that date of twenty-two years or had reached the age of twenty-two years but had not yet reached the age on that date of twenty-three years, or who had reached the age of twenty-three years but had not yet reached the age on that date of twenty-four years, or who had reached the age of twenty-four years but had not yet reached the age on that date of twenty-five years and who was on the fifteenth cay of July, 1940, unmarried or a widower without child or children;
NOW THEREFORE KNOW YE that pursuant to The National Resources Mobilization Act, 19*0, and the War Measures Act, and pursuant to and in accordance with the National War Services Regulations, 1940, promulgated under the provisions of the said Acts, we do hereby call out the aforesaid classes of men to submit themselves for medical examination and to undergo military training for a period of thirty days within Canada or the territorial waters thereof, and to report at such places and times and in such manner and to such authorities or persons as may be notified to them respectively by a Divisional Registrar of an Administrative Division appointed by the Governor in Council pursuant to the a^bove mentioned regulations.
OF ALL OF WHICH Our Loving Subjects and all others whom these Presents may concern, are hereby required to take notice.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent, and the Great Seal of Canada to be hereunto affixed
SEPÜÆ 5 82Æ KsnSS
FREDERICK GEORGE, Earl of Athlonc, Knight of Our Most Noble Order of the Garter, Member of Our Most Honourable Privy Council, Knight Grand Cross of Our Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Grand Master of Our Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Knight Grand Cross of Our Royal Victorian Order, Companion of Our Distinguished Service Order, Colonel in Our Army (retired), having the honorary rank of Major-General, One of Our Personal Aides-de-camp, Governor General and Commander in Chief
of Our Dominion of Canada.
At Our Government House, in Our City of Ottawa, this eleventh day of
of Our Lord one thousand nine hundred and
It will be noted that the number of hospital days is low in com pa r-to the number ot patients
September 19,20 and 21,1940
l soil _	,
treated. This is due to the tact that twenty-six patients were admitted for ton-il operations. Those patients only remained on average of one and a halt days iu hospital.	„
M. T. Johnston, R >.
High-class Horse, Cattle, Poultry and Dairy Shows
an
Farm For Sale
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 100 acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and terms apply to
Large Exhibit in all Departments
Trials of Speed Friday and Saturday
J. H. HORNER,
. Sand Bay, Shawville, Que
Phone 22 6
Shawville Boys’ Band in attendance
throughout the Fair
Farm For Sale
Well improved farm all cleared ,_and fenced, clay loam, all in hay.
Will sell on very easy terme.
Fair
Midway with the usual Rides and Games
buildings Apply fo
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Out
Evening Horse Show and other features
Farm For Sale or Rent
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or less, on the seventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. One hundred acres in bush. For further
*ppÏdward h. mee,
Shawville, Que
R. W. HODCINS
Secretary
LORNE ARMSTRONG
President
/
Wyman Women’s Institute
Clarendon Women s Institute
General Business For Sale
The September meeting of the Wyman Women’s Institute xvhs held nt the home of Mrs. F. R Hutchison.
Memories were refreshed by retelling pleasant and humorous “School Day Recollections as a Roll Call.	%
The smn of $10.00 was donated
y. Dona-Tea Room
Clarendon Women’s Institute held their regular meeting W^d nesday evening at the homed Mrs. Leonard Horner, McKee.
After the opening exercises conducted by the president, Mrs. H. llodgins, several items of correspondence were read by Miss M. Corrigan, secretary.
Plans for assisting in the tea room on Fair days were made.
Miss Marjorie Wilson gave a talk on Adult Education and current events were given by Miss Amy Corrigan.
After conclusion of the meeting refreshments were served by Mrs Horner with Mrs. tiat rety as joint
hostess.
General store business for sale: stock $4,000.00 to $5,000.00, stores and fixtures to rent. Molybdenite mine here in full operation.
F. A. DAVIS Quyon Que
September, in the year forty, and in the fourth year of Our Reign.
By Command, E. H. COLEMAN, Under-Secretary of State
to the Red Cross Societ tions arranged for the at Shawville and the sale of a quilc reported.
Papers were read entitled, “Good Reading in the Home", also “Eatly Recollections of Fail Fairs in i ’ont i ic”.
A di-ciHsion was held on the j outline for demonstrations, given
Card of Thanks
Published for the information of those concerned
by the authority and courtesy of
The above is verbatim copy of Proclamation appearing in I he Cumula Gazette, Ao. 2j9 loi. LXX1V, September 13th, 1940.
. The family of the late Albert E. Wilson deriie to express their thanks to friends an I neighbours for many acts of kindness, words of sympathy and the beautiful Moral tribute* during their recent bereavement.
HONOURABLE JAMES C. GARDINER
Minister of National War Services
P-14
