###PAGE###1###

i'
<
J
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnitedStatee
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, APRIL 1 1040
Nu. 41, 57tu Ïear
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Owing to an infected hand Dr. 11. U. Docks will 1)0 u way from his office until Tuesday morning, April 9th.
Revival Services are in progress each night in the Holiness Movement Church. The Rev. J. C. Hlack is the special evangelist. A cordial invitation is extended to
ENGAGEMENT
MARRIED
Shawville Hardware
W23$HMvELROY—H()D(i!NS;| I___J
Mr. Allan McElroy, of Ottawa, Announces the engagement of his eldest daughter, Annie E , to Corporal Gilmonr C , RCA F., St. rhoniAs, Ont., eldest son of Mr. and Mrs.'Hurst Hudgins, of Y arm, Que
quietly the latterfpart of April
Corrigan—Shore
At Bonar Manse, Toronto. Ont., on Tuesday, March 10, 1040, by Rev, G. C Lainont, Miss Zilpha Irene Shore, daughter of Mrs. Shore and the late Mr. Thomas Shore, of Shawville, Que., to Keith Ai thur Cor rigan, «on of Mr. Frank Corrigan and the late Mrs. Corrigan, of Shawville, Que.
The groom is attached to the Toronto Unit of the Royal Cana dian Engineers.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
ihe Çenuine
Marriage to take place
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest*and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
all
Shikwin - Williams È	-w
emiiustre

The closing meeting ol Shaw-ville Ladies’Curling Club will be held at the club room on Friday afternoon at three o’clock. Refresh men (4 will be served members are requested to attend.
Kirn side Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Hugh Rohr, on Wednesday afternoon, April 10th, at two o’clock. 1 Roll call —A thrift article, will be in charge of the convener of Home Economics.
«
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Frank Ford, of Ottawa, was a week end guest of relative* in town.
Miss Muriel Webb lett last week to enter Grace Hospital, Ottawa, as iiurse in training.
Miss Elizabeth Argue returned Monday after spending the .week with friends in Ottawa.
Miss Connie Williams, who spent the Easter vacation with her parents in Cardinal, Ont., has returned to town.
Miss M. R. Peebles, of Smith’s Falls. Ont., was a recent guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. J Sly in town.
Miss Sheila Hoare, has returned to Ottawa after spending the Easter holidays with her parents, Mr and Mrs. Win. Hoare.
Misses Lorna Webb and Jean Holder, of Ottawa, were guests of the former’s uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Harris, during the past week.
Messrs. Beverley Howard, John Belsher and Iverson Harris, who have completed a short course in Agriculture at Macdonald College, returned to their respective homes on Saturday
Mi and Mrs. Arnold Chisnell, of Sudbury, Out , visited at the home of the former's parents, Mr. and Mi8. W. G. Chisnell. Returning home they were accompanied by Mis* Mabel Chisnell, who will be their guest for a lew weeks.
All
Mkvnirr—Phoulx
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING, President
SATIN - ENAMEL
* An interesting wedding ceremony was solemnized in St. Mary’s Church, Quyon, on Wednesday, March 27th, when Stella Mary Proulx, daughter of Mrs, Thomas Proulx, of Quyon. became the bride of George Meunier, sen of Mi. and Mrs. Thomas Meunier, of Ste Cecile de M fifth a ni, Que Rev. Fr. O. J. MacDonald officiated. Miss Theresa McColgan, of Quyon, presided at the organ.
The bride was charming in a heaven blue white flower dress, U shaped neckline and short puffed sleeves Her hat was small blue felt with a short veil, She also wore a dark blue wool coat.
The bride was attended by her sister, Mi*s Alice Proulx, who was charmingly attired in a blue flowered dress with a flared skirt, short puffed sleeves and white flowers at neckline. Her hat was of black Scotch effect. She also wore a blue wool coat.
The groom was attended by his brother, Maurice Meunier, of
Slashara.
After the ceremony breakfast served to the immediate

The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Program
m
B A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Shawville Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. C J. Caldwell on Monday evening, April 8th, at 7.30 o’clock. Proram : Paper on Meat*, by Mrs. . R. McDowell. Mise Winn if red McDowell will be the assisting hostess.

See our distinctive
Wall Papers
5
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Hospital Report for March
The Matron of Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, reports 221 hospital days lor the month ot March, with 3 births and 2 deaths.
Successful in Music Exams
Mis*. Beverley Harrs, was sue-ful in passing her elementary examination in pianoforte music at Ottawa during the past week Miss Hat ris is a pupil of Mrs. Jacob Weaver, and the examiner was Dr. John W. Hoarder, loi tile Do minion College of Music.
Thorne Ratepayers Sanction Sale of Beer and Wine
A plebiscite to sanction the legal hale of beer and wine in the Township of Thorne was held on Saturday last, was favoured on the vote of ratepayers by 52 to 0.
The appeal was made by Mr. Theo. Bretzlaff, proprietor of Silver Maple Hotel, at Lad y-mi th, the only hotel in the township.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
ces-
was
family at the home of the bride Later a reception was held in the town hall. Quyon.
The young couple will reside in Quyon.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Young Mens Suits
Funeral of Mrs Lindsay Horner
The funeral of Mrs. Lindsay Horner, who died Wednesday, March 27th, in a Toronto hospital, was held Sunday afternoon from the home of Mr. Warren Horner, of Charter!*, to Norman United Church and cemetery. Rev. H. G. Steers, of Y aim, conducted the
Soldier Vote Favours National Government Candidates
Fashion Graft Clothes Satisfaction
Branch at Quyon ; will call 4P7 Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorre-pondenee
Results of the active service vote, announced by Jules Caston-guay on Tuesday, favored National Government Candidates, hut failed to changea single re-uilt on the bads of the civilian vote a week ago.
A total of 56,M2 soldiers, sailor.*, and airmen, in England and Canada, marked ballots. Of these 28.385 voted for National Government candidates and 23,372 for Liberals.
National Government candidates were given majorities in 132 of the *241 -eats at stake. Liberals led in j. Edmonds ;
ai d daughters ;
Ernest McConnell
National Government Laugh:
candidate had a majority in the mother ; Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Hod active service vote, which was as gm?,
follows : Carrier, (N.G ). 43 : Me- The late Mr*». Horner was a Donald, (L.) 29;} Riche, (Ind. L.) 8. daughter of Sarah Jane Greer, and | phone 3 l
Complete returns are not yet the late James Alfred Walls, and available, but the Canadian Fress was hoi n on the homestead farm report for 207 of 222 polls, including rtt Charteris 31 the active service vote is as fol lows : Carrier 4,812 ; McDonald 11.755 : Fiche 10,018.
Always
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
service.
The paII-hearers were, Messrs John Towel I, Melvin Langhven, Gerald Lang. Henry McCord, Warren Horner and Freeman Grant.
Floral tributes weie and included the following : Hus-1 band, mother, brother and sisters; Mi. and Mrs. Clifford Elliott : Mr. ; and Mrs. Bowman ; Mr. and Mrs.
; Mrs. Archie Greer
Miss Geraldine Mr. and Mrs. Manley en : Mr. Tims. Howard and

Short Course in Agriculture Being Well Attended
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
The annual Short Course in Agriculture, under the auspices of Pontiac Agriculture Society, Nu. 1, session at the exhibition hall this week with about fifty young of the district forming the

beautiful ! At Prouifoot’s Hotel, Campbell t Bay
Young Mens Double Breast
Drape Models
Single Breast and Regular
Models

y Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m
is m
ever
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from5.00to 8.00 p.m.

7
mem classes.
Lectures on most every department in farming are being given by officials of the Dept, of Agriculture and Macdonald College,
with judging competitions in
dairy cattle, sheep and swine and public speaking contests.
The course will conclude at Shawville Theatre hall on Friday night when a public address will be delivered by Di. J, E. Lit timer, ut Macdonald College. This program will also include a debate, the awarding of prizes, and mn-ic by Shawville Boys' Band, under the direction ot Mr. W. H Finlay-
son.
A


In Pontiac County Carrier
D. J. CAMBPELL
I

1
/
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville

ÎN
j! New Browns, Greens, Blues Snappy Spring Patterns
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Her
years ago
maiden name was Della Walls and lived at Charteris until lier marriage in 1930. and since then had resided at Timmins, Ont.
Surviving are her husband, of Timmins ; her mother, two sisters, Mrs. Richard Edmonds, and Verna Walls, and one brother, Reginald, all of Timmins.
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of MeGill University
P .st Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
—	Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday mght to Monday night of each week
L

Ingenious Methods Used by' Prisoners to Convey Messages
Ottawa — Prisoners of war in Canadian Internment camps live up to the best traditions of dime fiction ‘‘thrillers" in their attempts to receive or send messages meant to 'escape the watchful eye of military censors.
The well-known invisible ink method is still very much in vogue. Fat files in the office of Lieut-Colonel H Stetliem, Assistant Director of Interment Operations, testify to the fact. Lient. Col Stetliem double checks all suspicious communications. With the help of powerful violet ray lamps and various chemical®, he has detected messages written between lines of apparently harmless letters or on blank sheets of paper, immaculate, until subjected to the tests.
Reverse sides of stamps and address stickers have been used often in attemps to smuggle messages into the camps Innocent publications cloak other ingenious tricks. Religious papers were found, npou close inspection, to he pricked here and there with pin points under key letters. When assembled consecutively, these letters were found to spell out secret messages in German.
$23.50


United Church W M. S.
The March meeting of the United Church W.M.S. was held in the Sunday School room on Thursday with an attendance of >ixty.
The vice-president, Mrs R. r. Fade-», was Mik. Norris Horner taking the minutes. Prayers were offeied hy Rev. A F. Pokes and Mrs. Harold Hayes and the scriptures were read hy Mrs. Alf Draper.
A paper on Christian stewardship was given by Mrs. R P Wades, and a story was told by Mrs. Walter Harris. Misses Marjorie and Hetty Smart sang a duet and Mrs. li. C. Rowat and Mrs. Edgar Hudgins gave a piano duet.
The annual Faster offering was received, the total for the evening being 132.00,
Michael James Sammon Dies at North Bristol
/

mtr y

Mrs Frank Ferrigan Dies at Her Home in Vinton
Mrs. Frank Ferrigan, a well-known resident of Vinton, died suddenly at her home on Wednesday evening, March 27th.
Bornai Chatteris, Que , 09 years ago, the former Ellen Teresa Daley, she was a daughter of the late Peter Daley and his wife, Ann McCullough Ferrigan had been an invalid for a Jung time, she suffered from a seizure on Wednesday morning and failed to survive.
Left to mourn are her husband, two daughters Sister Mary Rosamund, of the Urey Nuns, Pern broke ; Mrs. Gerald Grace, Vinton; two sons, John and Cecil, at home; one sister, Mrs. H. Kennedy. Detroit, Mich.; two brothers, Denis Daley, Vinton ; M. J. Daley, Detroit.
The funeral was be held from her late residence in Vinton on Saturday to St. Elizabeth Roman Catholic Church. Interment was be made in Vinton cemetery.

Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
in the chair, with
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
?
i
Young Mens Topcoats
While Mrs
z
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Smart New Models in Latest Coatings
4

\
3ELAIR 3 257
Blues, Greys, Browns, etc.
i
The funeral of Michael James Sammon. who died at his home in North Bristol on Friday, March 28, was held Sunday to North Onslow Roman Catholic Church, where Rev. J. J. Sammon, conducted a
Interment was
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
I
I
$16.50
$13,50
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
t 80 METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7961
libera service made in the parish cemetery, the pall-bearers being, Messrs. Patrick Allen, William and Frank Curley, Joseph, John and Ed. Kelly.
The late Mr. Sammon was born in North Bi istol 50 years ago, a son 0f the late Patrick Sammon and Mary McNamara. Ho lived all his life on the homestead there.
Surviving are his widow, the former Annie Kully, whom he married in 1921 ; one daughter, Marie, and four eons, Bernard, Wilfred, Emmet and John, all at home ; two sisters, Mrs. Thomas Duffy, of Sturgeon Falls, Ont , and Mrs. William Curley, of Weir stead, Que.

<
?
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
ONT
Almost A Platoon !
When individual contributions in man power to the Canadian lighting forces are being tabulated, that of the Ranger family, formerly of Chapeau, Que , will rank high.
Seven sons of Frank Ranger and the late Mrs. Ranger are in uniform. Wilfred and Joseph now overseas and Justin expects to go soon, while four others are in training in Canada.
Frank Ranger, their father, is now living in Pembroke, as is a sister, Mrs. Chat. St. Jean.
I

9
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

W. n. Hodgins, Lfd
V

3
>
*
are
Shawville
SCIENTIFIC FTl EXAMINATIONS
jpeoialistson *11 Vieual *nd Muscular Eye Defect*
| T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Hollins,
peg. Optometrist
Quebec

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Beg. Optometrist

###PAGE###2###
i
Accent Puzzle Whllt ScieilCB i | To Canadians
Is Doing
Two Dictators Hold Historic Conference In Brenner Pass	Sucll CreatUTC
As Ideal Husband
*
NEWS
Troops In London Say No Two Residents Seem to Speak Alike
Toronto Newspaperwoman Gives Advice to 1940 Leap Year Girls in Choosing A Mate
PARADE
LJ
% *#
? V r 4 -4
*
TO STOP BLEEDING
Discovery of two new synthetic vitamins which stop bleeding almost instantaneously is reported.
They are chemical developments from the original vitamin lx, or anti-bleeding vitamin discovered in alfalfa hay and decayed sardines.
*
Canadian soldiers sightseeing in London are puzzled by the conglomeration of accents they meet.
“No two persons seem to speak alike," declared one of the men staying at the Canadian Log ion Club. “It's too bad," he added with a grin, "because folk go out of their way to put you right and make you feel you are in your homo town, and then you Just can’t catch It It makes you feel so dumb."
Some British accents are much easier for them to follow t'ian c?h-
k
The five days of intense diplomatic activity in Europe’s capitals which followed upon the close of She Russo-Finnish war reached a climax with the dramatic meeting en Italian soil of Reichsfuehrer Hitler of Germany and II Duce Mussolini of Italy. 'Twas an event te set the world’s tongues wagging. Political interpreters of five continents tied themselves in knots attempting to gauge accurately •he subject of the two dictators’ venation. British officials were agreed that nothing good likely to come out of it for *e Allies.
“One woman’s mate Is another woman’s poison." Is the way Lotta Dempsey, Toronto newspaperwoman, sums up'the difficulties of the 1940 Leap Year girl in choosing the right husband.
At Toronto Central Y.M.C.A. Dinner Club. Miss Dempsey conducted last week a "School for Husbands" and among the guests was her own hùsband. Richard Fisher, Toronto architect. In what she termed a “wi/e’s-eyeview" of this year’s crop of husbands she gave it as her considered opinion that there is no such thing as an ideal husband and no woman on earth would want such a paragon even If he did exist She wanted It understood, however, that she was basing her remarks on contacts with women and women's organizations during the past 15 years' experience as a newspaperwoman rather than her own experience of married life.
LITTLE SURPRISES WELCOME
Miss Dempsey was sure no girl really liked the Idea of a Dutch treat. "Instead," she said, "a girl would rather return kindnesses in some other way such as going for walks, having the suitor to dinner, and so forth.”
The speaker gave a number of succiut bits of advice to husbands and would-be husbands. Never, she urged, let your wife down in public. Don’t criticize her emotional outlets (hats, crying at the movies, changing furniture around, etc.). Avoid pampering her as you would a plague. Give her a comfortable, well-fitted, dainty kitchen to work In. And devote at least a minute or two at every lunch hour to thinking about her and planning little surprises.




m
r


- ti

NEW BRAIN AREAS
HI of two new and that human

I
brain
blood
Discovery centres
cells cling to life for as long as three weeks outside the body was reported last week.
A group of scientists from Yale University announced that they had found in chimpanzees the areas of the brain which control touch and the regions which "fire” or stimulate reactions of

ers.
A Scot who took a party of Can adians up to the Whispering Gallery of St. Paul's Cathedral had no difficulty, owing to his slower diction. In making himself clear.
A llvely-tongued bus driver — obviously a born Londoner - ami a cheery fish porter In the dockside-area had them attentive but rather puzzled.
UNDERSTAND NORTHERNERS
A waiter who still retained much of his original Devonian brogue, and a rather diffident west countryman who reverted to hi* D&tlv# Somerset after a few minute*' co:i versatlon gave his hearers no difficulty at all.
A Swansea man also had little difficulty making himself understood.
Similarly, north country diuiect.v particularly those of Lancashi # and Yorkshire, seem to have u familiar ring to the men.
Meeting in hurried conference at Brennero, on Italian soil, last week, Fuehrer Hitler of Germany and Duce Mussolini of Italy were believed to have discussed collaboration of economic interests in the present European set-up. The two dictators are shown, ABOVE, during Hitter's visit to Rome in 1988.
Two Heads, or Three
At worst, Allied observers envisioned, as a result of the Bren-aero parley, the formation of a three-power entente between Germany, Italy, Russia, which would have as its purpose the un- " disputed political and economic hegemony of Continental Europe; and the elimination of Britain as • political factor in Southeastern Europe, the Balkans, and the Near East. As second possibility, they foresaw that Mussolini might some into the war on the side of Hitler, joining in vast military operations against Britain and France. Thirdly, they speculated that Hitler and Mussolini might have agreed on measures to "seal up" the Balkan area against any Allied war moves. Fourthly, that the two dictators might merely have discussed economic collaboration between Germany and Italy.
Peace, or "Peace"
There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that a big peace offensive was in process of preparation by either Hitler ot Mussolini or both a different type of peace from the one proposed by President Roosevelt’s envoy, Sumner Welles ... a peace that would be nine-tenths blackmail. It was to meet the impact of an offensive such as this, rather than of a Blitzkrieg ea the Western Front, that the people of France and Britain last week braced themselves ... the British press set up a clamor that “Great Britain take off kid gloves and fight Germany on every fkont," wrest back the diplomatic Initiative from the dictator powers ... At the same time it was evident that the British people would choose to fight on, even against the strong security of an entrenched Germany, unless certain primary peace conditions were met: that the independence ef Czechoslovakia, Poland be restored; that the Hitler regime be removed from power; that the security of small European nations be assured.
the body.
Both discoveries are highly important in the diagnosis of brain tumors and mental disorders because they enable a physician to localize a disturbance.
ACID OF LIFE
The synthesis of a powerful vitamin called the "acid of life" — because nothing could live without it
Roger T. Williams, University of Texas, biochemist. Its proper name is panthothenic acid.
Panthotheniu acid's possibilities as an aid to human and bacterial life are, in the main, unknown. Tests have shown it a potent stimulant to fertility of hen eggs.
It is so strong an aid to cell growth that an ounce placed in 7,500,000 tons of testing mixture has multiplied the cell count by four.
mignonette or stocks will perfume the whole garden.
Solid beds of annuals or big blocks in borders have exceptional appeal, and these can be made up of petunias, phlox, dwarf marigolds, nasturtiums, verbenas or zinnias.
Gardening
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
WHEN TO START ,
It does soil no good to be dug while too wet. It Is liable to become lumpy later, perhaps, to bake hard. With heavy clay soil early working Is particularly dangerous.
A good test Is to look at one's shoes. If these become muddy after a tramp through the garden it Is best to go back to the fire side and read a seed catalogue or a book.
Texture of both heavy and light soil will be immensely Improved by the digging in of well-rotted manure, decaying leaves or other garden refuse. This sort of thing adds humus and moisture absorbing powers to light soil, makes the heavy kind more amenable to spade and fork.
was made public by Dr.
Pygmy Chimp Brought Home
McGill University Party Returns From Successful Trip to Congo
"Congo Color" was vividly portrayed before a Montreal audience by Duncan McIntyre Hodgson In an illustrated lecture on the McGill expedition which he led Into the Belgian Congo last year in search of scinetific specimens. One of the most important specimens retrieved from the Jungle was a pygmy chimpanzee, which, according to Mr. Hodgson, Is the most intelligent of his family.
A feature of the film was a close-up view of hot lava Just after it had belched forth from a volcanic peak, destroying a native village and nearly cutting off the expedition from the direct line of its travels.
SURPRISE LUXURIES
Occasionally the trip, which was carried out for the most part under conditions of discomfort, produced surprise luxuries, and at one point in the heart of darkest Africa the party spent the night in a jungle home far from civilization but all equipped with electric lights and a modern frigidaire.
Dr. Joseph Douglas Hermann, formerly of the Royal Victoria Hospital, accompanied the party and dissected many of the specimens procured, bringing back the vital organs or skeletons for scientific museums.

I
•i:
e

<
The Book Shelf..
F
i

SOMETHING WILL FIT No matter how unusually situated, there are flowers to fit almost any garden. Some like damp soli, tome dry, some full hot sun, others ebady corners. Certain types do the beet in deep, rich soil, while some actually ask the poorer sorts. Special likes and dislikes will be found mentioned In the better Canadian meed catalogues and if your garden ie unusual in location it is advisable to make special selections.
Certain annuals like clarkia, slys-sum, larkspur, pansy and phlox which will actually give better re-eults, more delicate coloring if planted in partial shade.
For full sun, especially if planted close to a South wall where there is little protection from Summer heat, there are things like coreopsis, California and other poppies, portulaca or climbing morning glories and nasturtiums, which love the sun and give remarkable results even In a siege of dry weather.
For scent, especially in the evening, a few nicotine, carnations.
I
VOICE
OF THE
PRESS
“HARVEST AT STILLMEADOW"
By Gladys Taber	y
Hero is a gay and zestful chron- I / icle of a happy life at “Stillmea-dow”, an ancient Connecticut house	M
where throe children and several 1 dozen dogs run riot. Mrs. Taber I S writes of the busy times there — | ^ of country fairs and week-end visitors, dog shows and jam-making.
There are sudden bees of gardening and dog-washing.
Deftly the author blends the practical and the fanciful. Plans for au herb garden bring on their tail thoughts about the great English dramatists. But her tips on how to make pin wheel biscuits and real Kennebimk pickle, trim apple trees or handle lazy guests are shrewd and handy good sense.
Mrs. Taber writes a popular column on similar subjects whlc' runs in a well-known women’s magazine.
“Harvest at Stillmeadow” ... by Gladys Taber . . . Toronto: McClelland and Stewart . . . $2.00.
• • •
V
71
/

Pc *es
/
HERE’S HOW!	S3
For your copy of "Who's	‘39
Who" which contains Big	«
Time Hockey Statistics and the careers of 131 ,jW	\
of its players, send 5c if	V'
with a 5-lb. Bee Hive Uk fjgk *
Syrup label; or two 2-lb.	jk
labels, or two Ivory or [J^|p Durham Starch fobels and	Jm
5c Send requests to ad-	jf
dress on the label with vovr name and address.	™
9
SHORT BUT SWEET
One thing for which we ought to be everlastingly grateful is that our political campaigns last only for weeks, whereas those across the border continue for months with increasing oratory.
—Oshawa Times.

o
THEY’RE NOT KICKERS
Six Ontario counties Perth, Lambton, Kent, Simcoe and Wellington debt. It will be noticed that these municipalities were not among those making protests recently to the Government about the cutting off of part of the provincial subsidy.
Elgin,
Bee Hive Syn p
have no debenture
Canadians Add the Home Touch “Over There"
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
I MRS. PIPS DIARY
By Fred Ne ser
Stalemate Or Else
Last week in Rome the general view appeared to be that the Balkans, the Near East, and the Middle East would be let alone for this spring . . . from the French point of view the situation could be construed thus: if Hitler finds the Allied blockade effective, and If he cannot arrange a “white peace” he is likely to seek a solu-ton by force of arms; if not, the present stalemate may continue indefinitely.


St. Thomas Times Journal.
S
I y Vred
w

o
:


A
\i
CRIME AND YOUTH
The crime problem is definitely linked with the unemployment problem, and it cannot be divorced. Lads with jobs have neither the time nor the disposition to plot and execute crimes against property. Crimes of passion will not be as abundant if youngsters are given a chance to live normal lives.
m
m
\

M
¦ àjtifex
V
Q
<*
I
Ff"
n
t >

fit

A
l
z
t
V
z!


*.
ZEE
I
, i WMI
/¦: A
1
«-<
».
.v&;,
o
ex
r â

• i
rffli
• %

-t
7 '
>•
m


V"

«4

1
a
/ 2
Q
• x

V
— Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph.
Land Going Back?
' I
» it


#n
15T
V
s

n—

V

*
••
MUNICIPAL WOODLOTS
Some time ago we had a letter from a correspondent suggesting that our town council would do well to secure a municipal wood-lot which would in time save the town considerable money, provide fuel for the town hall and work for the unemployed. If our present council read the article wo trust they will give it their serious consideration; if not, we shall be glad to supply them with copies, as we believe the suggestion was one of considerable merit. Conservation is the order of the day and besides conservation a good wood lot is a growing asset and in time would be a paying investment for the town.
—Wiarton Canadian Echo.
O
M
From An Agricultural Standpoint It Is In Southern Ontario, Forestry Official Declares
3

v •*.
O'o
I

Ik
o
. h /
ribi
<
1
!
%e

•s
t
41

r
/
S$

%
I*
; 1
tx
r
Land In southern Ontario, from an agricultural standpoint, is “definitely going back," John F. Simmons. of the Forestry Branch, Provincial Department of Lands and Forests, told Wentworth County Council.
“Less than 10 per cent, at the land Is bushland, and this percentage Is going down all the time," Mr. Blmons said. He stressed that forests were necessary for soli and moisture conservation, and hence reforestation was necessary if the land were to produce good crops.
SMALL WOODLOTS NEEDED
"Mortgages and high taxes caused many farmers to cut down trees lor commercial purposes, which they would not otherwise have done," William II. English. Reeve of Ancastcr, informed council.
r progress could bo made In rofoteitlation, declared William B. Milmine, Reeve of Saltfleet, if there were many small wood lots planted In the county, ratlir-r than enc large wood lot.


«I

••


A

a’ -
I



y




m

K;
L


I- <i
m
Canadians in training in England before moving across the channel to France are making their particular section of England as much like the land they left behind as possible. One Canadian trooper erected this totem pole near his quarters. It is a replica of one on an Indian reservation near his Canadian home.

z
"I regret to announce that the Daisy Riding Club will have to disband
due to the death of the horse."


REG’LAR FELLERS -A Lightning Change
By GENE BRYNES
n


*
r DONT LIKE THIS POOCH / HE NEVER HOLDS HIS MEAD UP <
HE 5 JUS PROUD /	\
Y'CAN'T BLAME THE POOR DOq FOR BEIN' ASHAMED/ JUS'WAIT LL
HE-S PAID FOR
AH' SEE WHAT .	HAPPENS /
HERE COMES PINHEAD WITH THAT MUTT I SOLD #IM FOR TEN CENT!
AN' HE HASN'T. PAID ME YET/ _
\
1 k#
/


z /
\
!
• »
/
I I
n
f
J

i .

np.’i
% »
•Jd f #



' 1
— —
l
I


9 #
i
EtFh
I
ft
----V
!
Twelve Years
?/
i
0 0
'

Without Food
'-A
\rf

>
*
fs£
A German peasant girl has refused ration cards because she has taken neither food nor drink for 12 years and says she does not
seed any.

w
•> ''

i
***	P»w«i

e* }
T F
%
X
r
###PAGE###3###
I
all proportion, su» followed him to George Thorvald’s room. Dut she could never entirely dislike him when she saw him with the sick boy; ho was so skillful, so sure of himself — so genuinely tender.
When the m..glc < T her mimicry had done its work, and she was moving down the corridor toward her own room, sue hesitated. She was wide-awake now. Perhaps she had better 11 to the library and try to pick up something to read In case sleep failed to return to her at once.
T
Says Marriages Aren’t “Happy”
T
Tea At Its Best
THE GREATER
A
A ’ I
NORGE
L
B
ff



English Jurist Claims “Nor* maT Best to Be Expected

K
L

FOR 1 940
ih
E 1
A


s
Judge Alfred Ducknill of the King’s Bench, England, last month was hearing a divorce case, and a lawyer said to a witness: “Was your marriage happy at the start?” Then His Lordship chimed in :
“Wc cannot assume marriage a state to which the word happy can properly be applied. It is enough if the spouse can say it was normal. ft may then be understood that normal means there was
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
mm
Most Beautiful, Most Spacious Refrigerator Norge has Ever Built 1 NEW FEATURE—A “CELLARET”
TUNING UP THE SALADS
I have had a number of letters lately with requests and advice about salads so I have decided to | make this salad week.
The salad has grown up to he a. very important and individual dish and gives the homemaker the opportunity of adding those little individual tastes and touches, which place her in the class of individual cooks. Salads have s > many different forms and fit into every course and every meal.
I shall try to give to you, as far as space allows, a variety and also a different collection, from meat has been appearing in this column. Such a vast medley of delectable combinations appears under the general name of “salad.”
In the past I have written a good deal on my favorite tomato jelly. For those of you who save those week by week, with this week’s collection I shall give you u fairly wide scope in the variety of vegetable, fruit and other sweet salads.
"THANKS OF HILDA”
Just inside the library door, she halted abruptly, startled to find that she was not alone.
Huddled in the corner of the couch, Mark Rogers was fast asleep —Ills cheek resting on one arm, his feet still ou tne floor, as if he had sat down, intending to rest there for a moment, and then had dropped off In utter exhaustion. Constance was shocked when she saw how utterly weary be looked — shocked, and unaccountably touched, as women often are by the helplessness of men In sleep.
Perhaps It was because in his weariness ho seemed younger and a little wistful — as if, Constance thought, he might have dropped off wondering whether there might not be more to life sometimes than telling people what to do, and being caustic about it when they did not do It.
A light but chill wind had sifted down from the mountains that ev-eniug. As Constance v it \ed, the sleeping man stirred uncomfortably and shivered a little.
Taking a Mexican blanket from the end of the couch, she folded It about him. Without opening his eyes, he snuggled under the comfortable warmth, shifted to a more comfortable position, and said with a drowsy half smile, “Thanks, Hilda. You're a brick.”
Constance smiled a little bleakly. So Hilda Thorvald had performed this service for him, too, often enough so that he took it for granted that this was she ... the though caused a ? 'at flutter of annoyance which Constance, unreasonably enough, could not forget.
(To Be Continued)
LOVE LAUGHS
AT THE DOCTOR
i'Æ
I
nothing much to complain about, and that is quite enough for anybody.”

EARLY RAPTURES Perhaps 90 per cent or more couples enter marriage in love with each other, argues the Sfc. Thomas Times-Journal. Among the younger people the early raptures moderate in course of time, but he they young or old, love was the inspiration of their partnership, and unless it withers from neglect or cruelty, which sometimes happens, a husband or wife experiences a mild thrill, and in many cases a thrilling thrill, from the turn of a key in the front door and the welcome home, a joy ineffable from companionship that no other person can give, an inner satisfaction from the unexpected gift of flowers, candy or a little article to wear or to decorate a room. Possibly this occurs oftener with those who have been married some years, or who marry in the latter years, when, as Douglas Jerrold said, love is like the measles severe when it comes late in life.
Bucknill is a cold-blooded monster; the Boris Karloff of the bench, thinks the Times-Journai.
BY ELINORS COWAN STONE
Copyright, IÇ3S, NEA Service, lee I
that happened escaped his quietly amused eyes.
Throughout the first few days George Thorvald had continued to waken, crying out terrified for Camilla Wynne—moaning that he'd killed her. But each time, a few words from Constance times her hare presence to quiet him. After that first day the Identification of her with the actress seemed so firmly fixed in the boy's fevered mind that there was no longer any necessity for artificial disguise.
Constance slipped in and out of the sick room at the call of both the nurses; hut it was Miss Wilcox with whom she chatted occasional*

last of characters
CONSTANCE MAI DWELL—heroine; the etand-ln.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD-Derek painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met hie most difficult case.

ill! IS*

V:
Mi
SEE THE NEW NORGE
AT YOUR LOCAL DEALER

some-
served
* # #
Last week: Hilda comes to thank Connie and Connie, watching Hilda's steady eyes, wonders If she is trying to make up her mind about something.
March
March is the mouth of little living things—
The gossamer of baby spiders, gnats,
Small beetles folding up their shimmering wings,
And si Iyer gleaming on diving water-rats.
Tomato Tuna Salad
1*4 tablespoons gelatine M cup cold water 2 cups canned tomatoes % teaspoon salt teaspoon pepper 1 stalk celery hearts a dash cayenne 1 tablespoon horseradish U cup sugar
1 tablespoon chopped onion 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 cup flaked tuna fish Mix tomatoes, bay leaf, salt, celery and cayenne and simmer 10 minutes. Add gelatine to hot mixture, stir until dissolved, and add lemon juice, onion and sugar. When about lukewarm, strain and add the flaked tuna, pouring into a mold, which has been rinsed with cold water. Chill. When ready to serve, unmold on cupped lettuce. Serve with salad dress*
CHAPTER XIX
* The whole thing Is rather like something out of a novel, Isn’t it?” Miss Thorvald went ou, “All of us —you, Mr. Man thon, Father and I, being hero under such unusual circumstances after meeting so casually for those few minutes In the studio . . . And Mark's having Ijeen on vacation in the* one place where he could possibly have found you.”
“Yes, isn’t it?” Constance agreed vaguely.
ly.
“I understand the Wynne woman has boon definitely scared off," she said to Constance one day. shouldn’t have been surprised if she’d made trouble when she fouud out that George had given her the gate. Hut since Mr. Thorvald had a talk with her she seems to have decided that the kind of advertising she might stir up wouldn't be so good for little Camilla her publicity value has been that she was something pretty special in the way of sirens. It would net help a lot with the fans to have it get about that she had a stand-in good enough to fool the current boy friend."
“I
Spring comes with April. Summer is far away,
When March brings these for lack of bigger news—
The cry along the night shore, and by day
The startling, shepherd of the lambing ewes.
all the more
“Only the day George was hurt," Miss Thorvald wont on, “Derek and 1 were talking about you. He said, I remember, that you were quite the loveliest model he had ever painted, and that ho would like so much to paint you some time In an old Spanish sotting like this . . , And now — well, here you are!"
Now Just what, Constance was thinking, are you trying to find out?
. Part of
e #
Chinese Girl Is
Mum on Confucius
Calkins there are, and brown flowers on the elm, '
And wavering trout in brooks, and celandines;
Not like the thousand things that overwhelm
A summer day, but little broken signs
When a Chinese miss, June Dove Wong, 19, passed through St. Paul, Minn., last week en route to Havana, Cuba, with five other girls awarded the trip as princesses of the 1940 Oregon winter carnival, a reporter acting on instructions from his city editor, inquired:
“What did Confucius say?”
Miss Wong say:
“I have nothing to say. Confucius said everything.”
Reporter say: “Do Chinese resent Confucius gags?”
Miss Wong say: “We respect him. He was a very wise man.”
Reporter also wise man. He shut up.
FOR MOTHERS-TO-BE An Adjustable Frock
A BEDTIME STORY Dr. Rogers Constance saw ouly occasionally. That he was in and out, however, she knew — driving the 20 miles from Los Angeles, where his mala practice was, every day, and occasionally In the mtd<He of the night.
One night, toward morning, he knocked at her door; and when she roused sufficiently to throw on a negligee and open it, asked her to come to the sick boy's room.
“Just as you are, please,” he said curtly, casting a perfunctory look over her touaeled hair and sleep-flushed cheeks. “He won't know whether you’ve got on a cocktail gown or a bathing suit.”
Constance was cross and a little confused from her sudden awakening. and unreasonably piqued by his abrupt, impersonal manner.
“ Of course, Doctor/ " some perverse imp prompted her to quote.
I understand. You wan* me to tell him a bedtime story, quite fair? Sometime he is bound to awaken . . . And that hurts. I know . . . That is one of the things you have taught me/ ”
It was the impersonation of Camilla Wynne as the nurse In “A Doc tor s Best Friend” that had roused him to shouts of mirth that night at Daimler’s. She had thought that he would be amused now. But he only said with a weary shrug:
“Don't waste time practising on me. You're letter-perfect already.”
Feeling snubbed and hurt out of

mg.
Cheese and Vegetable Salad
1 cup kidney beans
In cup cooked or canned peas
# cup grated cheese
1	teaspoon grated onion
6 tablespoons melted butter
2	tablespoons lemon juice
J.« teaspoon salt
là teaspoon each of mustard, paprika and pepper
1 tablespoon chopped mint and parsley each.
Mix oil, lemon juice and seasonings. Add chopped parsley and mint, also the same quantity of olives if desired. Mix vegetables and cheese thoroughly, then marinate with salud dressing. Serve on crisp salad greens. Mint or watercress makes an appetizing change from the lettuce.
Olive Salad
A GROWING CONCERN She hated herself for the ungracious thought as her eyes crossed the candid, level friendliness of the other girl’s glance.
And practicings of summer not begun,
All lingering on the senses one by
%
1 0
William Montgomerie.

one.
Ernest Thorvald was waiting to speak to Constance when she went downstairs a little later.
Miss Maid well,” he said, “nothing we can say or do for you could discharge our obligation to you. tint I went you to understand that you will not lose anything through your kindness.”
Thank you,” Constance said. “We needn't talk about that/'
She thought drearily, Suppose I have already lost the only thiug In the world 1 really wanted?
“Dr. Rogers thinks that my son baa a genuine chance of recovery,” Ernest Thorvald went on. “Two days ago it- did not seem that he’d one chance in ten tfflusand.
Ills welfare seems likely to be In your hands for some tlnw to come."
When Constance seemed surprised, he continued. “It may seem very strange, atfer the boy’s amazing change of heart, that he should still a*k to see Mise Wynne. But the doctor says that isn't surprising. He think* the effect of the shock lie has had may last some time. I need not tell you that we shall bo very glad to dispense with Miss Wynne’s presence in the house/*
Constance thought with the flippancy Into which she often made her escape these days. Well, well? This stand in business seems to be developing into a growing concern.
“Of course we want to do all we can to make your stay as little of a burden as possible. Do you ride? ’ “A little. 1 grew up on a Maryland farm.”
"Fine. I’ll have a pony sent up tor you to look over. I)r. Rogers thinks we ought to keep yur daily routine as sane and wholesome as possible.”
He would. Constance thought with an irrepressible smile.
PICTURE OF LIFE And indeed, life In the pleasant,
. rambling house, with its leisurely old-world charm did seem to move on a* smoothly and graciously as If there had been no grim struggle with death going on within Its walls.
To Constance, the life was nub lovably picturesque. It was hard to believe that it was part of the same world as that chintz-bung room that looked out over/the frozen park.
Constance wondered sometimes, when they all met at the leisurely meals served by the soft-voiced Mexican servants, that they could possibly find anything lo talk about except that tossing figure in the darkened room upstairs. Yet they did talk — quietly, and often amusingly. And if Derek and Constance exchanged only the barest civilities no one seemed to notice —• unless it was Mark Rogers, who occasionally ate a meal with the family. Constance had a fueling that little
Rinse at least twice and put a little powdered boiax and, for the white linens, a bit of bluing in the third rinsing water. Linen should not be starched.
• i
z
/
I
Mr. Caffeine-Nerves Does a Disappearing Act
<•
I
i
m
Ü

•s



• I I
wvrr 2
. But is it
i
$
We’re coming to depend on olives, when we want to add smartness, flavor, or that littlê touch of difference to the various dishes. Then the olive gives us such different types, the plain olive, the ripe and stuffed. For a little color and extra flavor always add a l’ttle pimento chopped up.
2 cups cold boiled rice js tup each of chopped ripe and green olives 1 cup green peas 1 teaspoon salt one-eighth teaspoon pepper 1 green pepper shredded 1 tup celery cut-fine Salad dressing.
Lettuce.
• #

Sî
#
And



%

f
?
/
!

f
t
j

I
307Ô /
s«xu
or
m
â '/>
MIL CAFFEINE* NERVES:
Leave him alone, Lady—He’s a sick man!
SHE: If you could make your bad temper disappear you’d really be doing a trick !
* 4L
/ i
k
J
•#


Vi



6 A
a *
By LOUISE LENNOX
The perfect dress fw mothers-
to-be. The paneled wrap-around skirt is easily adjusted. The youthful blouse is miraculously concealing and so comfortable to wear. Have one dress of cotton to wear about the house, another of deep wine silk crepe and a third of a neatly printed rayon crepe. You will then have a complete wardrobe for many different occasions, and oae that is flattering.
Style No. 3078 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 86 requires 4*4 yards of 39 inch material with M yard of contrasting, for short sleeved version.

I
/
READ ABOUT W
mm
4
Mix all ingredients together carefully; add seasoning and mix with salad dressing. Serve on crisp lettuce, garnish with green peppers.
*
V
&

OFFER KlOWlk

MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Tell her you’ll ask for advice when you want it!
Fruit Dressing
*4 cup chopped pineapple *4 cup lemon juice * cup orange juice 2 eggs
1 cup whipped cream ’4 r»up sugar
Bert the eggs, add the sugar, pin ear pie and lemon juice, also the oiange juice. Cook in double boiler, stirring Constantly until thickened. Cool and chill, then fold in whipped cream. Add cream just before serving. Good for all fruit salads.
SHE: Easy trick to do, too. Just stop drinking tea and coffee all the time. Switch to Postum instead. You’ve got caffeine-nerves !
\ 5

;


/##/*
V
t y
M*
EDWARDSeURG
k\

[row* 88mm


>


\
flQ

t
/

Send fifteen cents (15c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St plainly your Name. Address and Style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
A complete selection of the newest fashions is to be found in the New Fall and Winter Fashion Book. Be sure to get your copy.
The price is just 15 rente.
n
\
NW
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Ring down the curtain! My act’s over when Postum comes on!
Toronto. Write
NE; Say—you’re some magician ! My headaches and indigestion sure did a disappearing act when I switched to Postum. I feel fine !
Many people can safely drink tea and coffee.
Many others—and all children—should
you are one of these, try Possum's 30-day test Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. Then, if yon do not feel belter, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cobourg. Ontario, and we'll gladly refund full pur chase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious,
economical, easy to prepare, and contains qo caffeine.
• t
HEADERS, WRITE IN!
Mis» Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased te receive suggestions on topics for her column, sad is etea ready to listen te your "pet peeves. Requests for recipes or special menus ere in order. Address your letters to “Mies Sadi# 1. Chambers, 73 West Adelaida Street, Toronto,”
ml
.
i
never
s
drink them. If
t
iNihlishsd by
/
?
Btarr
vie# ¦	_____
by Mis Althea, famous Cooking An thou t V, is a ¦ .J valuable booklet entitled *52 lakes Write tor xour j-HKiti copy now enchisiii- u ( >own Brand label t». ( in.ui» Htarch Moiuv Service fXpt R 4V M ellingtor btievt hast lor onto
/
i
Clarified Magnet Removes Hairpins
»
keep a piece of soap in your work-basket. One of those tiny “guest" tablets will do beautifully. If you stick your needles into it instead of into a pincushion, they will never rust or get lost through working into the ventre.
I HI CANADA STARCH < OMPAN * i Vi«
A Crane. Mo., beauty operator has a machine that’s the ultimate in efficiency, magnet,
she removes ail the hairpin* in one swoop.
\«e#
«4*

Waving a glorified over her clients’ heads,

ISSUE NO. 13—’40


#
a* usi
u
/
/

1


1 4

*1
###PAGE###4###
The Upper Ottawa
Improvement Co., Ltd.
Tariff for Season 1940
TOLLS
On Saw logs 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 feet B.M
Twenty-four hours after the inaugur ation of French cour sea was announced for Canadian troops in Kngland, thousand men had voluntered to tol
low	WtfÊl^ÊÊtKKÊKÊ
Mention was nude recently over the air in Britain that Canadian soldier* larked reading nutter Two da}a h er books had been donated. Another Britisher supplied 500 radios
0
U
0
THE EQUITY Canadian Red Cross Society SHAWVIILE, APRIL 4, 1940
Give Your Chicks A Flying1 Start
A nation-wide appeal is being launched by the Canadian Red Cross Society for the names and address of Canadians who have joined the Royal Air b or ce in Great Britain. The information is needed so that in the event of these young men being either wounded or taken prisoners-of-war, the Red -Cross can care for them and keep their relatives in the Dominion supplied with information concerning their condition and whereabouts.
Dr. Fred VV Rontley^ National Commissioner, states that, on his recent trip overseas, he discovered that about 1,500 Canadian lads had gone over to England to join the Royal Air Force several months before war was declared.
“At that time,” he explained, “there a great rush on the part of the young men of Britain to join the Air Force. Our own lads were afraid they wouldn’t get in if they specified that they were Canadian, so they gave English addresses.
“There was no way in which we can keep track of these boys. We are hoping that the people of Canada will respond immediately to our appeal for information on any of our men who are serving with units other than Canadian.
Dr. Routley added that he had tried to get a list of these lads while in England because it was discovered that some of them had already been wound ed and taken to hospitals in England and Scotland. And two had been taken prisoners in Germany. The Hospital Visiting Committee had already been established in London by the Canadian Red Cross to look after wounded Canadian soldiers, he said.
U
Chairman of Protestant Public Education to Resign
Hon. Gordon Scott, member of the Quebec Legislative Council, announced on Friday night that he would resign as chairman of the Protestant committee of the Quebec Council of Public Education when the next meeting is held. He explained he had completed a five-year term as chairman of the committee and it was not customary to hold the office longer than that period.
6,000 generous free of charge
CtH
troubles for the
Through Quin*© Boom..........
“ Opemican Boom..........
“ Des Joachims Boom...,
“ Fort Willi m Boom.. .	60
“ Culbute Boom...........
“ Melons Chenail Boom..	10
Passing Lapasse Boom Through Quio Boom .
“ Thomson Bay Boom 11 Chaudière Assorting
With the hatching of Chicks comes
A Hock of Chicks besides being in a hygienic place
10
new
U
Oft
Poultry raiser
require a lot of attention as far as feeding is concerned and great care must be taken in selecting the Chick Starter to be fed to the
The future production depends to a great extent
0
Road Hogging Motorists Voted ‘Greatest Nuisance
Road-hogging motorists and caredriving practices and or downtown parking problems Amen-
ca’s greatest motoring needs a
“referendum” conducted by the
Automobile association
60
0
15
on
young ones
the development made during the period of growth
s
25

20
way ment of
?
Chicks at birth are very frail and their needs are pronounced
They also grow rapidly and as their digestive
extremely delicate, they must receive a perfectly
17

ÜJ
and complicated
systems are ' balanced ration specially adapted to their various needs
fl
Boom i:i
‘ Booms from Head Des-chenes Bapids (North Side) to Head Hull
slide ..............
‘ Boom at Outlet of Hull Slide ...................

National Government Label Will Disappear
The National Government Party, having been rejected by the voters in in the Dominion election on Tuesday of last week now will disappear so far as party label is concerned, Conservative Leader Manion said Thursday night.
“The National Government was proposed to meet an emergency situation”, lie said, “but the people didn’t want it. I said in my campaign speeches that once the emergency was over the National Government party would emerge united and unashamed”.
Dr. Manion indicated that those of his followers who were elected under the National Government party label will be known in the new House of Commons as National Conservatives.
The Conservative leader, resting from the strenuous six-weeks campaign he conducted from coast to coast, has not announced his plans. It is expected lie will leave shortly on a holiday trip and that he will defer any definite plans until he confers with his successful followers when they come to Ottawa for the opening of Parliament, early in May.
was
American has revealed.
to the National Automobile show in New York, the poll showed some almost surprising facts as regards public thinking on such traffic and motoring issues as pedestrian con-inspection laws, highway bill-traffic safety education in difficulties of night
9

Since Chicks grow rapidly they must eat sufficient quantities of feed to keep up the steady growth during the growing period and it becomes evident that the Mash must be fresh, wholesome, palatable and combined in such a way as to provide a perfect balance of Proteins, Minerals and Vitamins.
75


$1.00

boom working rates
On Saw logs 17 feet and under
Per i,000 feet B.M

Shut Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 per cent, arc
fast feathering assure also a
trol
Cts
perfectly ballanced, they assist in normal and uniform development and rapid growth
boards
high schools driving, etc.
In the balloting on America s pet motoring peeves, “road hogging ' was way ahead with careless pedestrians'1 second, “cutting in ‘ third, and “no place to park fourth. “Back seat driving.M the brunt of
family joke, was seventh
Through Quinze Boom.........
Opemican Boom........
Des Joachims Boom .
Fort William Boom----
Culbute Boom.........
MelonsChenail Boom.. Reid Island Boom including sweeping in Calumet Chenail....
Chenaux Boom.........
(juin Boom...... .. .
Thomson Bay Boom... Chaudière Assorting
15
80
The different ingiedients which make up these feeding lures are highly digestible are specially combined for feeding The Proteins are high in quality and are suited to the
The minerals in Shur-
80
mix
80
50
chicks
frail digestive system of young Chicks Gain Chick Starter are easily assimilable and build strong well-
The mineral balance in Shur-Gain Chick
15
41
70

formed skeletons.
Starter is in accordance with the most recent scientific discoveries Manganese which is incorporated in sufficient quantitiee constitutes one of the most impôt tant minerals to prevent slipped ten
many a in the list of ten.
The poll revealed that the average motorist has sound viewpoints on the many problems facing the
efforts to bring about
!
60
1

60

00



Boom
Booms from Head Deach mes (Ni'fth Side) to Head Hull Slide------
45
dons and joint deformation.
Vitamins are equally indispensable to the normal growth of
Shur-Gain Chick Starters are full fortified in Vita-A—B—D—E and G.
Castle in Haiti Is Site
Of Buried Treasures
country in
greater highway safety.
The results show — that recent newspaper, radio and magazine em-H ! phasis on traffic safety activities B | of proven soundness has helped de” velop favorable public approval for such measures.
Overwhelming sentiment for pern destrian obedience to traffic signals, v. much-discussed question in American cities today, was shown in the heavy 15-to-l affirmative vote on the
Should pedestrians be
0
$1.00
TOWING and OPERATING RATES
the Chick mins
A treasure cache of more than a Trillion pounds sterling still lies juried deep in the secret tunnels of he fantastic Citadel de la Fcrriere. zolossal fortress built by Henri Christophe, black emperor of Haiti.
The hiding place of Christophers has been sealed by death. Co make sure his plans would never )e divulged, the black king had his irchitect thrown over the ramparts, rhe only other man in on the secret vas of course Christophe himself md he, at the end of his struggle md tragic reign of tyranny, killed limself with a silver bullet in characteristically dramatic fashion. In he center of the courtyard stands a vhite tomb containing all that renains of the most bizarre, and per-the wickedest and wealthiest

On Saw logs 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 feet B.M
From—White River, Quinze and
Otter Creek to Ope mi can.. $1 05 Montreal River to Opemican 115 Kippewa River to Opemican McLaren Ihy to Opemican .17 Head Long Sault to Des
Joachims...............
Jocko Creek t«> Des Joachims 2.55 Snake Creek to 1 h-s Joachims 2 25 M.attawa to Des Joachims ..
Klock* to I)cs Joachims ...
M tgnissippi t«- Des Joachims Head Rocher Capitaine Des Joachims.
Duui* ine River
Joachims......
Shur-Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 percent, are
economical and efficient facilitate normal and rapid growth and lower mortality.
play safe with your Chicks this Spring. Start them on Sliur
Gain and get best results.
0
o
They give the Chicks special vigour,
Cost ot Election $1,000,000 Lower Than 1935 Outlay
reasure
03

a
Cost to Canada of last week’s Dominion election has been estimated by Jules Castonguay, chief of electoral officer, ak$3,000,000 or almost $1,000,000 less than in 1U35 due to an improved system of preparing voters’ lists.
The reduction in cost vas made despite the fact wartime made necessary the taking of the active service vote at a cost of something under $100,000.
Explaining the difference in costs between the 1940 and 1935 elections. Mr. Castonguay said last week Parliament in 1934 embarked on a new scheme of preparing voters’ lists after many years of preparing them after the election
date was announced.
With the hope of shortening an election campaign the new 1934 system planned permanent voters’ lists that always should be up to date so a government could appeal speedily to the
This practice has been fob
$ 00
question
compelled to obey stop and go signais?” Yes, 8.984; no, 596.
The millions of dollars collected from motorists in the form of gasoline taxes and registration fees should be spent strictly for highway purposes, and not diverted to other uses, the vote of 9-to-l indicating definite disapproval of the diversion
practice.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED’D-1
ll|rtnr====^Pf====]3^S3S^=3ES3B:SlGi===^3:S3Eltli!
1.80
1.50 1 35

t
1.18
1 >0A
Hodgins Garage
t
38
laps
ting of modern times.	|
The Citadel is an amazing strüc-ure surpassing the Pyramids in , îrchitcctural interest; it is situated m the crest of a jungle-choked nountain, built at no one knows vhat frightful toll of labor and suf- ,
TOWING RATES
On Pawl >g* 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 feet B.M


Silkworm in U. S.
The best kind ot mulberry tree for iilkworm food is too tender for the
northern states but will grow in the j Towing around Opemican Boom In recent years the raising From—
g
Cl8
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
0.5
South
if silkworms, to a very limited ex-.ent, has been reported from Louisiana, California. Florida and other The difficulties have been
\
De-Joachims to Fit Willi mi
x

ering.	•
Visitors arc able to climb in peace md comfort the mountain trail up vhich Christophers subjects hauled he thousands of tons of stone, can-ion and supplies which went into he construction of his Citadel. \rmed only with cameras they may nspect the ruined royal suites, the )arracks for 10,000 men, the 365 usted cannons captured from ships )f many nations, which were installed to defend the place from an ?nemy who never came me 40 feet thick in places and from he ramparts there is an excellent /iew of Haiti. Just below where you stand can be seen the spot from vhich the emperor had a company g )f his soldiers march to their death ^ ust to impress a visiting diplomat, g
1 b».
x
90
1
X
m
x
Svhyun tr> Fort William Boom Fort Willi un to Pembroke..
Petawav a to Culbute ....
Petawaw t to lVmlr« k“ .... Melon * Chenail Boom to Li-passe....................
60
electors lowed in Great Britain.
Parliament provided for t wo organizations, an enumerating staff to prepare the lists and the usual electoral machinery to conduct the elections a permanent list was prepared and in 1935, before the election, it was revised. This piled up the expense.
x
X
X
50
X
B states
#+*++*+++*<****+**+++++*++++ »+++++***+ g .he long hours of labor and the exS ;reme patience required to estab-S ish an industry that can compete vith cheap Oriental and European 3 abor. Dr. L. Harpootlian, of Ar... m	r _____ B -nenian ancestry, was reported reA Choice Lot to Choose From	@
it Hempstead, Long Island, N. Y.
Change your old model and get a better one | TîhTïlw”iÎ™.'S..Ï
y can manufacturers.
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk	| The	1C thought
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe	|,^onb^ief0f lef0°pTrd°^^%Ta
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front	§ | S^itTnlw'generaiiy belief
1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.D. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires
iQOR Manie Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels § i that it is found more abundantly in
J.C7CMJ aim y	g the islands of the Indian ocean and
_	_	| in southern India than anywhere
Why not have your car overhauled	g 5lse. Although the animal appears
J	0 ! at first glance to be genuinely black,
now SO that you can drive in safety	S it may be observed in strong sun-
9	*	S | light that the rings and spots on the
Drive in todav	. B oody become plainly visible, show-
^	*	9 ing through darker than the fur.
17*
X

\
50
§
In 1934
K
30
S
x H'X'in to BrACsidv.. Chenaux B >om to Arnprior or
Chats Ha pilla..........
o.il M»*hr Island
33
Cl
#
50
I

x
\yîmvr «>r Des
B
I
x
France Buying Canadian Draught Horses
The walls
I
50
N
M- hr Id md
x
w
X
T
03
x
Tha Dominion Agriculture Department has been advised by representatives of the French Government that they expect to purchase horses in Canada for cavalry purposes and of the light draught type, with inspections taking place the middle of May, it was learned in Ottawa last week.
Actual purchasing likely will be done through French purchasing boards operating at the larger railroad centres in Eastern and Western Canada. Department officials did not know the exact number of horses required but it was learned from other sources that it likely will be several thousand of each class.
x
i
i timb r other than tiiw-I under on the foregoing
The Bales or log. 17 feet am stretches will I
Bed and White Bine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square nr waney hoard,
ubic feet, 15 Sawing Rates.
Bed and White Bine, Tamarac, S; rime and Hemlock, round or Matted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet B.M , 1] Saw log Bates.
Bed and White Bine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round rr M it ted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet B.M., IA Saw log Bates.
Cmds of wood, Shingle Bolts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 Saw log Bates.
B
X
s
g
per 1
v
G
Vitamin Formed in Milk
§
r
By ‘Miraculous’ Process g
When the existence of vitamins in q foods was first discovered not even k the discoverers knew what a vita-
Scientists had learned gg that there was something in certain c foods that possessed almost magi- g Buyers will seek horses of the cavalry cal health-building qualities.	B
type between five and ten years, stand- Later, says the National Dairy g ing 15 hands one inch to 10 hands high council, science gave the fat soluble 0 and weighing from 970 to 1100 pounds, chemical substance found in the but-Light draught requirement will he terfat of milk the name vitamin A. horses from five to ten years old, stand- This vitamin is now recognized as ing 15 hand to 15 hand two inches high necessary for health at all ages and and weighing from 1,100 to 1,200 for growth of children, pounds.	' An important fact about vitamin
A is that animals can eat green leaves and miraculously transform
Minutes of South Onslow the carotene content of these vege-
! tabes into vitamin A. The cow s capacity for eating and digesting huge amounts of bulky food gives butterfat a vitamin A value higher A regular meeting of South Onslow per gram than that of any other School Board held on above date at the f0od except green leaves them-usual place of meeting. Members pres- selves, yellow vegetables and liver, cot, J. H. Henderson, chairman, and a Dr. Henry C. Sherman of Columbia university points out that the performs a* most important of last meeting were confirmed as read, service in bringing vitamin A values On motion of Comr Amro the follow- from the bulky and fibrous plant tis-
into the fat of her milk which
%
f
$
min was

Towing per hour where there is no specified rate per l,t»00 feet B.M. Steamer* Alexandra and Lady
Minto.....'.......
“	Hiram Kohinson ....
“	Pembroke............
• “	VVahis and Bollux....
“	Beaver, Alert and Cas
B Success With Parly Lambs
$15.00 1 1 00
J. L. HODGINS
X
An increasing number of farmers in districts where clover or alfalfa are grown are making a success of raising early lambs. Recently a farmer in Eastern Ontario who is raising early lambs for the first time wrote to the Dominion Department r f Agriculture : You’ll he pleased to know of my good Fourteen lambs have been horn
Never before had
9 00
7.00
B Phone 64-J.	__
6.00
tor
School Board
“	O. B	But tee	II	and
Mink ..............
“ Muskrat ................
*’	Samson	and Hercules
“	Seal.................
“	Ella....... .........
Short Stretch Towing to he charged by the hour when deemed advisable,
5.00
4.00
March 8th, 1940

150
Moonlight Lures Deer
Wildlife censuses are interesting details in the life of rangers of the National Park service and often cm phasize some trait in animal psychology that indicates the acuteness of instinct and that should be studied by hunters. Few deer, for example, are visible under natural conditions by day, in comparison to those that emerge about sunset from their well-protected haunts deep in the cover At Zion and Bryce Canyon National parks, Utah, the deer count recently completed was based upon the numbers seen after six p. m. Moonlight nights also bring the shy creatures out to graze. Deer have been observed as late as one a. m. feeding along the highways. In fact, it is because of iNs known habit of the deer that autrmobilists are urged to drive slowly it night in such areas. Blinded by the headlights, many a proud antlered head has been brought low.
hick
and only one dead Midi even lovely, strong lambs. The ewes have plenty of milk to date ; in fact two are feeding triplets,”
Plans are being made to creep feed the lambs as soon as they are two to three weeks’ old so as to supplement the ewes’ milk and keep the lambs growing r ipidly until the ewes go to grass.
A recent visit to the (’entrai Experimental Farm, Ottawa, disclosed that one group of 24 ewes had produced 44 lambs without a single loss. The ewes appear to Ik* milking well and the Ifmbs are healthy, active and are growing rapidly, even in comparatively cool quarters.
With a view to assisting some of the newer farmers raising early lambs A. A. MacMillan, Production Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, OiMwa, cun furnish on request useful inf' *<v% don on feeding and manage ne aa •ractised by some of the most successful early lamb raisers.

Apology
3 00
2.00
We wish to apologize to the daughters of Mr. and Mrs. John Ade for having made certain statements about them which were damaging to their character and hereby retract any such remarks uttered by us.
full board of Commissioners.
On motion of Comr. Poole the minutes



K. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary
cow
ing bills were ordered paid viz ;	sues
Montreal Book Room............ $13	80	ls readily utilized as human food.
J. H. Henderson, wood .	..	17	18	Any substitution of other fats for
8. W. Mac Keen ie .............. 5	00	butterfat in foods is dubious econ-
A. K. Smiley................... 24	40	omy so far as it tends to lower the
I. Merrifield ......... ....	34 28 vitamin A value of the dietary.
Motion by Comr. Amm that the1 This fact was dramatically illus-following teachers be engaged Miss trated during the World war when Virginia Sutherland for school No. 4, Denmark exported too much of its Miss Norma Dodds for school No. 3, butterfat, depriving ~ large part of Miss Kathleen Graham for school No. 1. the population of its usual source —Carried.	of vitamin A. The eye disease
Motion by Comr. MacKechnie, that ; xerophthalmia, due to "itamin A —	. iti t0
the schools close on March 21st and deficiency, increased steadily until Please address a •	. 0j
l©open on the 27th—Carried.	, 1918. When the German blockade the undersigned bet »
On motion of Comr. Burden the prevented further exports of bv ter April, HWO meeting the adjourned.	and it again became available to
the Danish people, the eye disc, se •
1 was checked.

1939 Wool Clip
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Trudeau Bristol, Quebec
%
According to the final ofli.'ial estimates of shorn and pulled wool produc tion in Canada for 1939 111»» total wool production for that year was 17,888,000 lbs., of which 13,611,000 lbs. were shorn wool
fleece, shorn wool production in 1939 was 225,000 Ihs. greater than in 1938. Cash income from the 1939 wool clip was estimated at $1,416,000, compared with a cash income of $1,309,000 from the 1938 clip. An increase of 4 4 per cent, in the number of sheep to be shorn in 1940 is forecast in the reports received
Property For Sale
Due to increased yields per
Dwelling house and lot in Ladysmith,
belonging to Estate <*f the late Gustaf Schwartz Must be sold to close Wate. Cash offers will receive preference.
H. C. ROWAT, N
Shawville, Q.ie
Jos A Steele,
Sec. T*eaa
;

l
r


*
###PAGE###5###

Service Announcement
Shawvillb United Church Rgv A. F. Forks B. A., B.D, PA3tor
i-The Equity
Family Needs for
Spring and Summer
Wall Papers for 1940
Ask for our new walj paper^cMiUo^ue
Floor Coverings Cold Seal Congoleum Bugs
DALE’S TINSHOP
established 1883
PUBLISHED KVKRY THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
Sunday, April 7
11.00 a. m — Service at Shawville
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
1.30 p m.—Service at Zion
annual subscription
(. $150
.... 2.00
3.30 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners Sermon Subject
Anywhere in Cumul it • To United States.
Maple Syrup Requirements
“Happiness even in Wartime.”
7.30 p m.— Picture Service at Shawville. A talk on the subject, “Serving the Sons
A missionary address on life among the Doukhobors in the West illustrated by 50 colored slides.
8
must be paid in full Is discontinued
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :«
Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
All arrears before any paper
of Freedom
w. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Farm For Sale
100 acres of good clay loam, all in liny, fair buildings, good water, close to
school, butter and cheese factory. Kasy Abo a quantity of pressed hay.
Apply to
PETEK WILSON/
Cobden, Ont.
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrongs a mh, B. D Sunday, April 7
Service at Sunday School Service at Service at Sermon Subject :“A knock at the Door”
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
A new shipment of new patterns now in stock, also a wide selection of patterns by the yard, including Rexfelt,
Linoleum,

10.30
11.30
St. Andrews,
Terms

2.30
new
Knox,
7.30
Austin,
LESLIE DALE
Shawville,
*
Congoleum Baroleum, etc.
4
»
X
Quebec
HiJm.
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, April 7 8 00 a m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m — Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity 3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s Service Withdrawn

Time to Paint—^Beautify your home this Spring.
Floor Faint, Outside Paint. Utilac Enamel, Varnish, Interior Gloss, Muresco, Barn Paint, Boiled Oil anu
Turpentine.
Mattresses—Built for comfort, “Slumber King”
It is made with 242 highly resilient coil spring and a reinforced edge

Certified Chicks
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky" when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me.
Personal attention,
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
$19.95
right away prompt delivery.
• •
########•••••••
CHarold Boulton
Simmon’s Royal Canadian Inner Spring Mattress	B Natives of Philippines
g	$15. 15 g Were Cunning Fighters
JJ	—	-	h In many years of campaigning all
I Springs—SI-»-»'* Spri-8- m«.	g	«• "• «• ™"”s
.	. .3 Cable Springs from..................SO up tj gÉr“be»Un| men who live in lh«
Conner S	1 N	"	"¦	8 islands of the southern Philippines.
- nnontratpH 5 Bed Room Suites-The L„v,ly ' Water b.rU g	i“
UOnCBn LldlvU	N	Sneci’i! Design o piece ............tp / O.LrLf fe surrection in that country at the
II PI n Jam fl - 1 1	1	1	g turn of the century.
Warble Fly Powder Breakfa#tSulte8-B„ffe.,Table«Jtocw» g ,»£¦«* «555^
For the destruction of g	Special a,..........................$49.50 g
•	2	? B led the soldiers to become less
""	I J?,i,l"£s,g™“0^ece8“!.tft_Tabfe. "'binaCabLt jjj
â	7 .	0	. I	<6Q4 00 É2 annihilated them.
13 an<l 4 chans, Special..................V •	Following the massacre a battal-
ion of U. S. marines came from the principal island of Luzon to aid in bringing the rebellious Moros to terms
eral successful raids and the insurrectos were gradually driven back to where they had prepared a series of fortified cliffs along the Sohoton river.
Quebec
Shawville,
Bristol Egg * Poultry *«eci*tion
QUEBEC
BRISTOL
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the
Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for eg-g production
BREEDS
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
ore cunning or im-an the Moros, the
%
New Hampshire
The Moros bided their
$12.00 per 100 12 OO “	“
11.00 “ 44
10 00 44 44
9.00 44	*4
March, 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29
May 2. 0, ....................
13, 10, 20. 23 ........
27 and 30...............
June 3, 0, 10, 13, IT, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorn» $1 00 lets per 100 than above price»
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Today
Cooper’s Dry Kill for
vermin
s
Three Piece dies-
4 4
5 Living Room Furniture-
g te tie] Suites, very modern designs
4 4
$67.50 up ft
8 00
Combat patrols made sev

THE CORNER STORE | Extra	f
g F‘00t stools, Chairs', Kitchen Chairs, Rocking Chairs, g 3 High Chairs, etc.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
} Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
These volcanic cliffs, believed to be impregnable by the natives, rose almost vertically to a height of 200 They were pocketed with caves and crannies, which could be leached only by crude trails and scaling ladders. From their sides baskets weighted with tons of rocks were placed so that they might be hurled down on the heads of assailants.
Stealthily the marines approached the enemy’s last stronghold. A surprise attack on one group sent them scurrying for shelter with the sea soldiers hard on their heels. Camp after camp along the river bank destroyed, and eventually the routed the insurrectos,
J
SHAWVILLE,
feet.
I For Your kltchen-Euamelware
*	yijik Pails, Galvanized Pails, Wash labs, etc
Aluminum
s
ESTABLISHED 1883
ware
*
a
COACH

INVALID
Rog G. Fraser
Gifts,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 83G
?
Beautify Your
3*
3
Bedroom Here ! *
*
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Novelties
Flower»,
*
N
/
t

Directors of Funeral Service
Bedspreads, Blankets Comforters, Pillow Slips, Sheets, etc.

Phone ICO
’ £
was
marines
scaling the cliffs with ladders they K| had left behind in their haste.
fe It was the last rallying place ol & the Moros, although several other contacts between the marines and , the brown-skinned warriors occurred before the sea soldiers were withdrawn from Samar.
E
Shawville, Que.
3
Distinctive Flower Styling,
We in
*
Phone 80
3
tli.it’> our business, vite your patronage orders of $1.00
us collect.
•st5.00 or over phme us and we shall prepay.


On
N
r over, phone
On orders of
f’llcct
Upper Mississippi Area
Was Noted Scenic Spot
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
a	_	_	.,	,	,	n	I •	«.i	9	In the ante-bellum days of beaver
a	Successor to C.	F.	Hodgms	Co,	Limited	R	V.£
1 iiFf iillirewiilliTrillIIIlliiug celebrated scenic spots in America. Trrrrrr^-« —»I. .	—-------------The Falls 0f gt. Anthony, now part
HUP	HPU	____ _____ __________ of the city of Minneapolis, were al-
^ ^	most as much exclaimed over as
Niagara. Standing on the decks of great side-wheelers, passengers argued hotly as to which was the more j majestic stream, the upper Missis-or the Hudson. European
Rhone anytime between 7am
and 11 p. m.
# I
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
25c
2 pounds ......
White Beans, 5 pounds Rolled Oats, 5 pounds .
Black Tea, 4 pound......
Soap Chips, 3 pounds....
Jelly Powders, 5 for
. Ivpry Flour, 7 pounds * Red & White Biking Powder, per tin
Prunes, 2 pounds..............
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds.......
Pickles, sweet, per jar.......
Figs, 2 pounds................
Tapioco, 2 pounds ............
Sago, 2 pounds ...............
Rice, choice quality, 3 pounds
Cornmeal, ô pounds............
Health Bran, 2 packages ......
Oranges, per dozen ...........
Grapefruit
Pure Lard,
The Hodgins’ Lumber Co.
25c
Look Here
• a
25c
sippi
travelers compared the castellated bluffs of the upper Mississippi to the scenery along the Rhine. Artists painted its beauties, its falls, rapids, green islands, legended bluffs and picturesque prairies. Tourists wrote long Ruskinesque descriptions of its scenery so exciting to the feelings.
When, in the seventies, the railroad paralleled the river between St l«cuis end St. Paul, it drove “the grand ladies down the river” off the upper Mississippi. With them went the popular river excursions to view the upper river and the Falls of St Anthony; the scenery of the uppei river dropped out of national notice Today, thanks to books and
the average American knows something of the lower Mis iissippi. its flat banks, bayous, white gSpanish moss, old house.*-if ui shanty boat life. But he is hard y ax\ aie of the existence of thi r. a gruff vent bluffs and draws of tht arid much more beautiful
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
25c
25c
CUSTOM SAWING
25c
O
FOR SALE-Slx Head Good Cattle
•Ias. J. Graham

25c
One Young Horne Wyman, Que.
• e
• •
25c
Place
We are now delivering Mill Wood, your order now.
good reliable girl For particulars
GIRL WANTED-A to clerk in Bake Shop, apply to Shawville Bakkky
25c
25c
FOR SALE—A quinlty of good Victor Oats, suitable for seed ; also some
Apply to W. J, Woods, Me-
25c

25c
Saw-Logs Wanted
otatoes. ce. Que
g
25c

for SALE- Three young Ayrshire Milch Cows, also one Driving or General Purpose Horse, aged 8 years, wound and quiet. Apply to R. L Grant, R. R. No 1, Shawville. Phone 14- lh
25c
now in the market for all kinds of
Cash paid on delivery.
We are
25c
Saw Logs.
rruvies
25c
Phone 27
FOR RENT—Well improved farm, 4 miles south of Shawville, near School and
to Claim**
25c
rani a
THE HODGINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
C N R, Station. Apply Hornrr, Box Iflrt, Noranda, Que
25c

25c
6 for
FOR SALE OR RENT—llnke Shoo and Dwelling for rent or sale, or wo d e xchange for suitable farm property For terms and particulars apply to the HENRY S. DALE, opposite High Sv,.ool. Shawville. Que.
Quebec
Shawville,
A'ldtfl
Mississippi
er
rz
&
###PAGE###6###
'
I

Cow Comes Home
A Trcsco (Scilly laics) farmer bought n cow on St. Mary's Island, took it back to his farm— 2 miles by boat—and put it in a stable. Next morning the cow had gone. Hours later French fishermen in Crow Sound found his cow. It was swimming—home to St. Mary’s.
This year's figures show an Increase of 121,713 over that for 1938.
Farm Forum
Tying Knots Is Part of Every Canadian Naval Officer’s Training
BIBLE IN ESKIMO Translation of the Bible Into Eskimo is Canada’s addition to nine new Bible translatons made In 1939.
(Conducted by Prof. Henry G. Bell, of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, assisted by other members of the O.A.C. faculty)
v.
f %

I


'

.

Of the 73V Bible translations circulated throughout tin* world, Canada requires 110 for the I dominion.
BETTER GRADE HAY
The desirability of lowering the cost of keeping livestock and of dairy production, by means of producing hay of higher feeding value was stressed by Dr. 0. Mi> Conkey of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, in an address at the second 11 rant County seed fair held in Brantford. Dr. McConkey reviewed the soil capacity of Ontario farmlands for hay production and showed that hay was thus the cheapest feed Ontario could produce.
DAIRY COW S FARE
How feed affects profits from the cow becomes an acute question with the dairyman. The greatest expense connected with dairy farming is the cost of the ration. It requires a good many years to improve the breeding herds, but we can change the feeding methods in a season. The simplest and easiest method of increasing the profit from the milking herd is to provide the animals with ample feed which should be produced on the farm, where it can be procured at the lowest possible cost. While contemplating the seeding program at this season, consider the bill of fare for the cow, as it affects her profitable returns. The cheapest and best source of roughage is found in silage, alfalfa and clover hay.





I
L
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
m


?	'	I —



ALMOST
40 PER. C-ENT



.V
f
$
if,
%
>
OF
HOLLAND


WOULD be: INUNDATED
XXX X
L
I
XXXV
EVERY 24-
.
Mil V
9
HOURS WERE IT NOT FOR. ITS
dike: system/
Tying knots is still an important part of every seaman’s training and, A BOV h, a group of future officers are learning* the fine points of tying the various knots used by sailors and sewnen the world over. These young Canadians are undergoing a strenuous eight-week’s course aboard H.M.C.S. Stone frigate (a snip which never moves) at Kingston, Ont.	__________________________________
r:
THE.
PICTURESQUE
W(MDM(CLS
ARE USED NOW ONLY FOR GRINDING AND STORING • GRAIN.
I
the Great
pupil to teacher Teacher has perfect wisdom and unlimited authority. Christ’s authority is not only the basis of our duty to disciple others, but the basis of all true discipleship. Of all the nations. This command is simply astonishing: here we have a Jewish peasant, surrounded by small company of uneducated followers, bidding them address themselves in his name to races ancient, powerful, refined; to win their intellectual and moral submission to doctrines and precepts propounded by himself. It was the purpose of our Lord that Greeks and Barbarians, Romans and Scythians, bondmen and freemen, should have one religion.
Baptism A Symbol
Baptizing them. Baptism here can refer to nothing else than what is called water baptism; the exact mode of baptizing, by sprinkling, by pouring, or by immersion, is not here designated. We remove the stains of our everyday toil with water. So water becomes a symbol of a profounder washing, the washing away of sins. Water can never in itself wash away sins, but it is used as a symbol of a cleansing from sin, which is truly accomplished only by the blood of Christ. Into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit 20. (a) Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I commanded you. Teaching follows baptizing. Little by little to the end of an individual’s life, and to the end of all time the words of Christ are apprehended in their fullness. The work of teaching belongs to the home, to the church, to good book, good companions.
Christ’» Promise
20b. And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. The ever-living presence of Christ lies at the heart of the Christian Church, as well as in the heart of the individual Christian.
the mountain where Jesus had appointed them. On Thursday of Passion Week our Lord had said to his disciples, 'After I am raised up, I will go before you into Galilee", and probably this appearance is a fulfillment to that promise. (Jesus has promised also be in the midst of any group of his disciples, even in the midst of as small a one as two or three persons. Are we all keeping our appointments with Jesus?).
17. And when they saw him, they worshipped him; but some doubted. There was ' evidently something about his appearance which commanded the attitude of worship. 18. And Jesus came to them and spake unto them. Our Lord, leaving the spot on which he had shown himself to the crowd, came to the eleven and spoke to them. We may suppose that those who were also standing by could hear his words, and possibly were addressed indirectly. Saying. All authority hath been given unto me in heaven and on earth. As he gave authority to his disciples to act in his name, so he spoke of himself as one who had received authority from the Father. Authority “in heaven", in that unseen and eternal order which is altogether beyond human knowledge or control, is claimed by the risen Christ.
The Disciples’ Task
19. Go ye therefore. “Therefore" refers back to the tremendous claim Christ has just made for himself. And make disciples. To disciple a person to Christ is to bring him into tihe relation of

1
< .
Sunday
School
Lesson

a
0


II


»...
Vw





;



a

rbr CUBA,
IS farther, west than
CLEVELAND, OHIO.
>
ù
w t
ÉS
1
LESSON XIII
THE CONTINUING TASK.— Matthew 28% 16-20
GOLDEN TEXT.—Ye shall be my witnesses . . . unto the uttermost part of the earth. Acts 1% 8. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING : Time.—We are not sure exactly •when this event occurred during !ths forty days of our Lord’s frequent manifestations after hie resurrection, before his ascension; it took place sometime in April or May of A.D. 30.
Place.—A mountain in Galilee, exactly whcih one we do not know.
It is commonly recognized that there were ten different appearances of our Lord after his resurrection from the first one early * Easter morning to the women, and the last one, to the apostles just before the ascension, forty days : later. The appearance recorded in our lesson for today, is generally counted as the eighth of these ten appearances.
The Great Commission Matt. 28: 16. But the eleven disciples went into Galilee, unto
RDTATtXS y
BEAR. •F’RXJ/T"/ ALTHOUGH SELDOM SEEN,
Uses For Common Salt Are Manifold

POTATO DEVELOP INSIDE A BALL-SHAPED FRUIT '

'Apart from the value of salt in seasoning almost everything we eat, it has many other domestic uses.
Here are a few:
Salt and water gargle is excellent for the throat, and if the teeth are brushed with salt it helps to make them white, and it also keeps the gums healthy.
If burnt saucepans are sprinkled with salt and left to stand until the next day, a little water added and brought to the boil, the burn will quickly disappear.
If a little salt is sprinkled in the frying pan before frying W commenced it will prevent the grease splashing.
Scrubbing with salt and water rush mats and wicker work become bright and clear. The salt also stiffens the cane.
Damp salt will remove discoloration from teacups and pie-dishes.
It cleans decanters, tall glass vases and a little added to the starch will prevent the iron sticking.
A little salt is most effective in removing ink stains from table linen.
To improve the flavor of coffee, sprinkle with a few grains of salt before adding the water.
If carpets are sprinkled with salt and left for half an hour, then wiped over with a damp cloth, the colors will be revived and the carpet will look bright and new.
A little salt added to dyed garments will prevent the color running when washed.
The kitchen sink can be kept clean and healthy by rubbing with salt and a damp cloth.
COM*. 19)? 1Y NEA SERVICE. INC.
7-#»
A GREAT deal of Holland is below sea level, since it is land that has been reclaimed from the sea, and protected by dikes. The task of pumping out the sea water now is done by modern electric and steam engines. Work now going on at the Zuider Zen will reclaim 900 square miles of land that has been under water for centuries.



NEXT: What Is the origin of the word monkey?

TENNIS EXPERT
performer.
17 Be silent.
19 Horse's neck hair.
22 Kava.
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Pictured champion tennis player.
11	Smell.
12	To worship.
13	College girl.
14	Strong taste. 16 To assault.
18 Vivid
describer.
20	Musical note.
21	Remedy for all diseases.
26 Pertaining to genesis.
30 Summoned forth.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
ma
i
lilH
M
I
aid
mm
23	Name.
24	Hop bush.
25	To elicit.
27	Finish.
28	Cravat.
29	Sick.
31 Star-shaped flower.
35	North Africa,
36	And.
38 Stem.
MAP OF
o
RADIO REPORTER
A
l
A
L
B, DAVE ROBBINS
wiA A ; R A N
NA
Good Nows of 1940, starring with baby Snooks, Dick Powell and Meredith Wilson. This Thursday night show, heard from the NBC, red network at nine, is very 11s-tenable, and Mary's voice gives it another high spot.
Do Some Exploring
On every one of the year’s 366 days, the average radio station presents some 45 programs, running the gamut of entertainment and education from morning to late evening.
Out of this kilocycle tangle come dozens of shows that people listen to avidly, that radio editors write kind things about. No one need be told about NBC’S Jack Benny, Columbia’s Radio Theatre, CKOC’S Cavalcade of Drama, The Happy Gang from CBC or Mutual's Colonel Stoopnagle sandwiched between these stellar attractions are plenty of programs that maybe you have missed in radio itineraries. So this
B

body, Altar. 51 Beast.
32	Pertaining to 52 She is U. S. old age.
33	Domesticated.
34	To undo a setting.
37	Kind of pottery.
38	To disperse.
40 To delegate.
44 Pertaining to 57 Pertaining to
the teeth.
48	Default.
49	Heavenly
3	Part of Roman month 39 Pictorial
4	Signal system.
5	Noun termination.
6	Evinced.
puzzle.
41	Turkish title.
42	Johnny cake.
43	To impel.

Cheap Stairs Poor Economy
national champion.
53 She is also
U. S. national 7 Paid publicity 45 God of
8	Instrument.
9	To boast.
10 Smooth.



• • •
It’s the talk of the town sif, every Thursday night at 6.46 The Town Crier is on at CKOC to tell you what goes on in this or
and maybe
yes
wisdom.
46	Big.
47	Region.
49	Snake.
50	To total. 52 South
Carolina. 54 Senior.
champion.
55	Small inlet.
56	Writing tablet 13 She
Squeaky or Sagging Treads Are Due to Bad Workmanship
in
that Ontario town your own. Dial in this program— you will like its home-spun touch.
the English tennis
To build a first-class stairway Is expensive, but to build anything but a good stairway is unwise and therefore poor economy.
The stairs in the house are so important from the standpoint of both use and decoration that if an extravagance (if you can call it that) is excusable anywhere in the house it is here. For the results of poor stair building are many, aggravating and conspicuous. They cannot be concealed from anyone passing up or down. Squeaky or sagging treads; loose hand rails or newels, rattling ballusters, open joints, all are the result of improper construction.
the sun.
VERTICAL
tournaments.
2 Diving bird. 15 She is a
but

Radio Highlight»
10
Philharmonic sym-

" Sundays . phony from CBS-CBL-CKOC at 3 p.m.
CHML at 6 ..
ensemble via CBL at 7.30 ....
Mondays ... Stranger than Fic-
toin daily from CKOC at 8.55 a.m.
.. with The Troop* via CBL at
8.30 p.m... Radio Theatre from
CBL at 9 Sister every weekday at 2 from
CBS ... Uncle Don daily from
WOU at 6 ..
High Seas from CKOC at 6.30 . Wednesday ... Canadian Snap-
shots from CBL at 8 .... Bob Crosby’s orchestra from WOR at 11.36 ... Thursdays
fast Club every morning at 9 . Farm Broadcast CBL-CBC at
12.80 noon   Strange as it
from WAIIC-CBS-at 8.30
.. Saturday ... Under the big
Top from CBL at one ... Metro-
politan Opera from CBL-CKOC at
3.56.	•
e *
II
12
your
Spring, on those evenings spent at home with the family try a little dial exploring out the really fine things the radio offers in entertainment, education, art and many other phases —not the least of which is new a
Silver theatre from .... Vancouver string
Bible, World’s “Best Seller"
------
14
and find
16
Broke All Records for Sales In 1939
20
<
. Tuesdays --- Big
2
26
27
:4
]
8
29

h
coverage.
Get to know radioland — then you begin to really enjoy the finer things in life.
The world’s best seller, the Bible, says the Christian Science Monitor, made a new record for itself in 1939 according to the New York Bible Society, which reports that 998,652 copies of the Scriptures and Scriptural portions were distributed — this being the highest number for a like period in history. The Society’s aim is to keep the Bible within reach of all people in the old city and harbor of New York. During its 130 years of existence, it haa distributed 24,096,295 Bibles, Testaments and Bible portions, the annual report says.
32
I

Mutiny on the
• #
BUILT PROPERLY In a properly built stair the wall string (that perpendicular member at the wall against which the treads and risers butt) is cut so that the treads and risers slip in from the back. The grooves into which they fit are tapered so that wedges can be put in, driven up tight, and glued to hold them securely in place. The treads and risers are interlocked where they meet by means of a tongue and groove.

E
*
6
5
37
• • •
Big Town, Edward G. Robinson's program from Columbia stations each Tuesday night at Eight* is always worth a listen. Supported by Ona Munson, an actress 1 whose ability matches Robinson himself, the screen star puts on gripping incidents of life in a b metropolis.

3
NBC Break-
I
4

47
46
• • •
i
seems
53
7
ji	Canadian Commentator
<5 Well, "at last, Canadian radio :	listeners can enjoy a competent
esmmentator of their own, discussing world affairs and the European situation from a Canadian viewpoint, and in our opinion this is something we have needed for a long time. From CKOC each Sunday afternoon at five — Professor Edward T. Salmon, of McMaster University, interprets history as it is happening.
Professor Salmon served with the British diplomatic service in Europe for a number of years — •ad he knows much about the workings of the inside politics of tin a t troubled continent.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP - Small Change
TO OPERATE ON VOU
IS
WUAT OCXS ME WANT
ANVTMINJG HE CAN GET OUT Of> ME !
FOR
a


«
i
l

7
I

> *
A
X
f
<5
V 7 k


;
T ' A
•/a / y

s
X
Lovely Mary Martin, of “My heart belongs to daddy" fame, stepped into big time radio when efts made her debut recently with
/

4, •
* Mr The
11 Mr* '•at*. în<*. 1
###PAGE###7###
Fairey “Battles” Used In British Commonwealth Air Training Scheme
- HAVE . YOU HEARD?
"k DOES taste good in a pipe!11
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH . II#
"LOK-TOP” TIN • 60# a/so packed In Pocket Tins
t
?

/
Z3

m

?

/


At the zoo a generously proportioned lady was watching the lions being fed. The keeper gave one beast what she considered a very small portion of meat. *T beg your pardon/1 she said, "isn’t this a very inadequate piece of meat for m lion?”
The keeper replied, 'lit may seem small to you, madam, but it le plenty for the lion.”
—o'—
“How did you come to write a poem on the hack of a gov. eminent bond?”
“I wee tired of Hearing folks say that my stuff wasn't worth the paper it was written on!”
D

aft

Wf

i
ât

mm


A
<«»« »« it Hum • -¦
#


¦

iiriit


Tie

«

Retail sales of gasoline in Canada during the first eleven months of 1939 amounted to 752,241,000 gallons compared with 714,220,000 gallons in the corresponding period of 1938.

Insect raising is big business for the Department of Agriculture at Ottawa. But the Government-bred insects are parasites, raised as natural enemies of pest Insects.



A*
'
To keep Hons from his cattle corral near Leysdorp, South Africa, O. H. Webb, floodlit it with hurricane lamps, but the beasts walked between the lamps and killed a vow before he could fire at them.
The Fairey "Battle”, which has not been used here for training purposes before, is a two-seat medium bomber of British design and manufacture. It is beirrg used in this country by the R.C.A.F. for training purposes and is one of six aircraft selected for use in connection with the British Commonwealth Training Plan. It is to be used also for towing targets at which air gunners ten release bursts of fire, and so increase their efficiency.	(R.C.A.F. Photograph)
O
Çot luttanteate *^'9
j/Um ckeétcc&à,
(AlilMûhÿ tête
tJUoutg. A
An old Irishwoman wanted to cross the road at a busy London corner but was scared off by the traffic.
A policeman came to the rescue. "It’s all right,” he assured her. "When you see the red light, that red’s for England, so don’t go. But when you see the green, that’s for Ireland. You can cross then, and not a thing will touch you.”
She crossed on the green light, then waited till it was green again •ad came back to thank the policeman. "It was very kind of you te explain it so nicely,” she said. •But glory be, you don’t give mueh time for the Orangemen to get across 1”
rz
/
War Extends Language Use
Canada’s exports of planks and boards in January amounted to 167,527,000 feet valued at $4,179,407 compared with 166,211,000 valued at $3,248,707 in January, 1939.
THIS BOOK IS FREE
Modern
Etiquette
I
If you are looking for relief from weaknesses of Stomach. Kidneys, Liver or other bodily Ills, write for our “Family Botanic Guide." Thousands of Canadian customers, praise these remedies. Do not delay — write to-day.
_ HEALTH PRODUCTS, LTD, Dept. W.
f
À
New Place Names Offer Plenty of Tongue-Twisters
II
BY ROBERTA LEE

Sap flows rapidly in trees in spring ; so it is generally better to do pruning in the fall.
~MC»
— ^aiLatoon, Seek.
LINimeNÎi
»
Foreign wars in recent years years have turned attention to far places and taught many of us some new geography. Unfamiliar names have become commonplace U; the daily news. Chapei, Peiping, Chungking; Djibouti, Somaliland, Sudetenland, Memel and others have swum into our ken, says the Halifax Chronicle.
Recently we have been having difficulty with names of towns in Finland—many of the places have both Swedish and Finnish spellings.
NO SUT SPELLING RULES
As in pronunciation, there seems to be no set rule for the spelling of foreign names. We anglicize Bruxelles and Roma to Brussels and Rome, but we write Paris and Berlin just as they are spelled in their own countries.
Which brings us back to the argument about Monte-Vid eo and Montevi-DAYa.
A. If someone telephones when one Is busily engaged In something important, Is It all right to say that you will call back later?
A. Yes, by all means do so. Only an extremely temperamental or su-persensltive person would resent

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• •
# #
AGENTS WASTED
CARS, NEW AND USED
SEED FOR SALE
O
it.
"A little bird told me you going to give me e «Hand bracelet.”
“It must have been a lyre
bird.”
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers: three locations, SBC Mount Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge
Street, 1225 Danforth Ave. 1________
used cars make us many friends.
MILKER MEN WANTED — INVEST $60.00 and be your own boss; one ¦ale per week beat** working for someone else; capable, bard worker® earn $3,000 up; amazing new machine by old-established company. State sales experience in full. Address Room FA2, Anker-Holth Manufacturing Company, Sarnia. Ontario.
WRITE FOR OUR FREE 1940 SEED catalogue, containing most complete list flower and vegetable seeds. Priced for market era and garden lovers.
Seed Company, Waterloo, Ont
Q. Would it be wise to form a friendship with one who seems to be very auspicious of everyone, mistrusting even those whom he considers bis closest friends?
A. No; and probably the beet reason for not forming a friendship with one who is so suspicious Is in the proverb that says, “A nan does not lock behind a door unless he has stood there himself."
Q. When a maid Is brushing the crumbs from the table, should they be brushed into her band or into a tray?
A. The crumbs should be brushed into a tray.
4. Isn't it poor.la»te for a person to keep repeating some phrase, heard over it hope, I hope, I hope," or, shore," etc?
A. Yes. One should leave such Imitations to children and parrots, and try to be more original. It becomes very tiresome to everybody but the one who considers it to be clever.
Q. When a young man has aeked a girl to go to the theatre, or to dine, is it all right for the girl to suggest that she pay for herself?
A. No. The right kind of young man would resent this. If he asks her to go, it is supposed that he can afford to pay.
Q. Who should pay for the wedding breakfast, given at a hotel?
A. The father of the bride.
garden-
Ontario
Our
COLLEGES, TRADE SCHOOLS
HOME GROWN SEEDS graded. Alfalfa, red clover, alnlke. Timothy, sweet clover, prices and samples. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd., Caledonia.
GOVT.
“Those new people across the lead seem very devoted," said Mia. Jones wistfully to the newspaper which hid her husband.
À rustle of the sheet was the «Ely reply she got, but she was
LEARN SHORTHAND. TYPEWRIT-lng. bookkeeping at home. Write Home Study Institute. 654 Furby Street. Winnipeg, for particulars.
Ask for
SWIFT — SI RE RESULTS! FOR ambitious men and women! Fam-11 ex will show you how. 900 successful dealers now on our list! Inquire for further details and Free catalogue today. The Familex Products Company, 670 St. Clement Street. Montreal.
STEM-RUST RESISTANT VANguard Oats. Srd generation, registered, No. 1. John R. Stewart, Strathroy, Ontario.
EDUCATION 4L
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR
Matriculation, Short Journalism. Shorthand and Culture. Make use of your
courses in
&
spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902) 223 Yonge Street Toronto
wed to that.
STAMMERING CLUED
“Every time he goes out he kisses her, and goes on throwing kieses all down the road. Edward, why don’t you do that?”
“Me!” snorted the man behind the news. "I don't know her!*’
MEN. WOMEN! FAST PROFITS!
Important new Electrical Specialty. Free Details! Ronald Cooke Co., Noranda. Quebec.
STAMMERERS — STUTTERERS — 100 per cent, results guaranteed or money back. Write Perfect Speech Institute. Marcelin, Sask.
FILMS
AGENTS WANTED IN EACH TOWN Sell Vitamin B-l that grows Daffodils as big as salad plates. Roses five inche* aérons, without, wilting. Approved for sale by the Department of Agriculture. Ottawa. Send $2.00 for complete kit and instructions. Big profits. National Sanitary Products, Limited. London, Ontario.
APRIL ADVERTISING SPECIAL — dollar value for 30c and advertise meiit. Roll developed, printed or eight reprints, with craft embossed enlargement 7 x 10.
Photo Service, Box 651, London Ontario.
USED AND NEW DLL RISING
Transplant
e radio, such am, "I
Why.
BATHS. SINKS. TOILETS. SOIL pipe, boilers, furnaces, radiators, etc. Lowest prices, guaranteed. Catalogue furnished. Main Plumbing Supplies. 921 SL Lawrence. Montreal.
C. N. R. Deficit
Registers Drop
Mother of 69
• t
London
By giving birth to 15 children, •11 of whom are alive, by her Ikfcrty-fifth birthday, Mrs. Scholtz, •f Harrismith, Orange Free State, •laim* to have established a world’s record. But Mrs. Scholtz W due for a disappointment, for •Hhough her effort is remarkable It cannot compare with that of Mrs. Matthew Bauer, who given kirth to a child each year for the Mat 28 years. All are living. Even more prolific was Mrs. Bernard Schienberg, who died at 6G, having 69 children. There were Sour sets of quads, seven of triplets, and sixteen twins, but no •Ingles.
INDOOR WATER TOILETS
NEW LINE —
MATCH BOOKS just out. Beautiful gold processed •amples. Send 10c for packing. Salesmen mention territory wanted. Agents! Art quickly. Paynes, Wmited.
Winnipeg.
Decrease of $17,246,000 In 10-Month Period Is Announced
FOR FARM. SUBURBAN AND ST7M-mer homes, where water facilities are not available. Government Rome Improvement payments arranged. Circular on request. Canadian Sanitation Company, 67 York Street. Hamilton.
USED BOOHS, MAGAZINES

SEND FOR FREE LIST OF GOOD used fiction at bargain prices. Adventure, mystery, romance by the best modern and old time writers. State your favourite titles and authors. Largest stock of fiction In Canada. Book Bloor West, Toronto.
Wallingford Building,
The Canadian National Railways shrewd $17,245,000 decrease in its deficit during the period April 1, 1989, to Feb. 29, 1940, eompared with the same period She previous year, it was shown in a statement issued by the Comptroller of the Treasury. Trans-Canada Airlines and the
MAPLE SIRUP
MA B1 CHICKS
Exchange, 37U
PURE MAPLE SYRUP IN ONE GAfL-Ion cane, $1.60 per gallon, N. B. Smith. South Roxton. Quebec.___________
ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW. ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks,
•hires. AusTrolorps
LYONS’
CLEARANCE SALE
Reconditioned Furniture
White Leghorns, Hamp-....V-, —strolorps. Write for prices. Wingham Hatchery, Wing-nam, Ontario.
MEDICAL
HBPATULA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades und across bips, indigestion, gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results In one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Saskatoon. Sask.
National Harbors Board also had sharp reductions.
I^ARGE TOM BARRON LEGHORNS mated to cockerels from R. O. P. and contest winning flock. Sc; pullets 16c; Collins Poultry Farm, (Osnabrück Centre). Wales, Ont.
$12.50 Solid uuk dining room suite, buffet, extension table, and Ü leather seat chairs.
$24.00 English oak dining room suite buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$39.00 Nine piece oak dining room suite, buffet, table, china cabinet, and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$59.00 Modern English oak suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and ti leather upholstered chairs.
$69.00 Beautiful walnut finish suit#», with maple trim, buffet, table, cabinet and 6 chairs, leather scats.
$89.00 Solid walnut suite, buffet, ex tension table, china cabinet, and f. leather upholstered chairs. Com. pletely refinished.
$3.95 100 mattresses, all sizes, well filled with fresh cotton, closely tufted, roll edge, in good quality floral art ticking.
$12.96 Simmons steel bed outfits, in walnut finish, sagless steel spring and new cotton filled mattress.
$5.50 and up. Large assortment dressers in walnut, birch and enamel finishes.
$39.00 Complete bed room suite In rich 2-tono walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$19.00 Large dresser, in walnut finish, Simmons bed to match, complete with saglctid spring and new maitreps.
$49.00 Modernistic suite, with Venetian mirror, vanity, bench, chiffonier. full size bed, sag le ss spring end new mattress. Perfect.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
AIRLINES, TOO During the ten-month period ended last Feb. 29 the C.N.R. deficit was $34,719,000, compared with $61,964,000 the previous jrtar. For last February it was $1,500,000, compared with 15,000,000 for February, 1939.
The deficit for T. C. A. for the
t


? F ?
How Con I?
SCOUTING...
TRÀNSFOUMA-Curls, and all
WIGS. TOUPES, lions. Switches, types of fiueat quality Hair Goods, write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street, Torouto.
BALD? GOING BALD? "BEACH'S
, kills itch-
Formula" grows hair rapidly dandruff, stops falling hair, tng scalp. Hundreds of testimonials. Boxes $1.00, postpaid, half contents, if not satisfied, return the unused portion — your money refunded instantly. L and B Beach, B2362. North Vancouver. B.C Scalp specialists for 13 years. Our reputation protects you.
6Y AN\b ASH» 6V
Here are some Interesting facts Iran the Annual Report of the Boy Scouts’ Association of Ontario for *#$9 Just Issued:
The total membership, at October Hat, 1939, was 42,905, a net in-erease of 4,659 over the previous year — the largest Increase ever reeorded In a single year.
The total Includes 19,313 Wolf Cub*. 19,185 Boy Scouts, 296 Sea Scouts, 171 Lone Scouts, 1,265 Ro-Scout* and 1,228 Scout lend-
Use
Q. What is the proper way of preparing peanut butter sandwiches?
A. Take & small amount of peanut butter, put it into a small bowl; add to it slowly a few teaspoonfuls of hot milk. Beat until the mixture has the consistency of thick croam. Then spread between thin slices of bread.
Q. How can 1 whiten yellow and dingy clothes?
A. Wash them in water to which a cup of equal parts of limewator and turpentine, shaken until creamy has been added.
Q. How can I pack away an Iron so as 10 prevent its rusting?
A. Hub the iron with a little fat that does not contain salt, wrap it In brown paper, and it will not rust.
Q. When is the best time to transplant a maple tree?
A. In the early spring before any buds have appeared on the tree. Choose a rainy time when the ground Is soft, and preserve as much of the root as possible. This refers to trees not more than six or eight feet high. Then trim down the crown of the tree.
Q. How can I make a substitute for whipped cream?
A. A delicious substitute for whipped cream is sliced banana added to the white of an egg and beaten until Ht Iff. A few drops of vanilla improves the flavor.
MORE BREEDS TO CHOOSE FROM and better chicks than ever before end at lower prices. Before buying compare Baden Quality, compare Badin prices. Standard Quality White Leghorns $8.95; 9U p*>r cent, pullets $18.95; Barred Rocks. New Hampshire* $9.45; Bullets $16.90; White Rocks, White VVyandottes, Light Sussex $10.45; Hybrids, Barred Rocks X New Hampshire», New Hampshlres X Barred Rocks, White Leghorns X Barred Rocks $10.45; Pullets $16.90. Big Egg quality, slightly higher. Free circular. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
ten-month period was $388,000, compared with $726,000, and the National Harbors Board deficit $1,094,000, compared with $4,125,000.
EMBARRASSED WITH PIMPLES or Blackheads? A famous skin specialist's creme, will relieve you— money back guarantee. One dollar brings month’s treatment simple Instructions. Hygelo Products, London. Ontario.
Full
About 5,000,000 tons of cottonseed are crushed in a year in about 500 plants.
Botanists say that the earliest flowers of spring are also the most ancient and primitive.
ASTHMA! FOR EXCELLENT REsuits use: "Asthma-Tone" In milder Asthma; or "Asthma-Lax," In severe Asthma. They stop Asthma attacks quickly; heal damaged ungs, invigorate body. Price $1.00. Write Asthma-Tone laboratories, 410 Barton East. Hamilton.
A large number of Scout Groupa are sponsored by churches, denominations these Include: 192 Anglican, 28 Baptist, 7 Hebrew, 68 Freabyterlan, 99 Roman Catholic, 148 United and 7 of other denominations.
IMMEDIATE DELIVERY BRAY started New Hampshire Columbian Wyandotte, cockerels, pullets, chicks; Koch cockerels; capons; turkey». Older soon. "Bought 500, raised 490". writes George Herm-ant. That’s what makes the poultry profits. 2-3 week chicks to order. Turkeys. Bray Hatchery, 130 John, Hamilton.
By
ECZEMA ID. RELIEF FOR BABIES or adults, from dry or weeping ec-semu. Testimonials from hundred» for over 35 years, treatment. $1.00.
Products. London. Ontario
r ASTHMA ^ BRONCHITIS
AMD TOUCH, WAN* ON
COUGHS » COLDS
, mo MITE* TOj
Two weeks' Write Hygeia
MINKS FOR SALK
Complete new bed room suite, modern, waterfall fronts, Venetian mirrors in the new bleached walnut finish. Dresser or vanity, chiffonier? full size bed. sagless spring and comfortable ’’Reff-Eze""" mattress. Complete. $59.(M- « ,«
$1.96 Upholstered chesterfield chairs in assorted covers.
$4.95 Mohair chesterfield with reversible Marshall spring cushion*.
$12.uO Repp chesterfield suite, 3 pcs. Reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.00 Beautiful (Krochler) Chesterfield suite, 3 pieces, upholstered in taupe velour. Perfect condition.
$14.00 Kroehler chesterfield bed. Upholstered In blue Jacquard with reversible spring filled cushion».
$27.00 Beautiful 3-piece chesterfield suite In brown mohair, figured reversible Marshall sprit.g cushions, thoroughly dean.
$17.95 Large 3-pleco chesterfield suite, upholstered in brown repp. Figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$45.00 Three piece chesterfield suite, upholstered in figured green silk repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$8.75 Kltch- n cabinet, enamel finishes. with sliding porcelain top.
$3.95 and up, 2, 3 and 4 burner gas stoves.
Large assortment of rugs, dressers, chiffoniers, beds, breakfast *u11»m at ridiculously low price*. This is a great opportunity to buy good reconditioned furniture your summer cottage.
During the summer of 1939 a re #*T*I total of 374 camp» were attended by 9,246 boys and loaders.
PITRE QUEBEC'S. CHOICE, LARGE kitts. Dark, silky, densely furred. Few bred females, $27.50. Ramona Mink Ranch. Markstay. Ontario.
GUESSING ISN’T GOOD ENOUGH for Twiddles. We know that no ¦tone is left unturned to produce high quality chicks. Government died and banded, bloodtested by the only method recognized by the Department of Agriculture. Only large eggs set, all hatched In up-to-date Incubators are only a few of the things we do to roako sure that you get the best chicks that we can produce, best of all due to our enormous production we can sell these chicks for less. Prices for non-sox* d chicks start at $9.45 per hundred. Free catalogue. Tweddlo Chick Ifatrheriea Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
cu
<y i'I H TO INVESTORS
Scout census figures by cities and districts showed Toronto In first flsce, with a total of 12,784, followed by Ottawa, with 3,044, Hamilton In third place witIi 2,331, Windsor fourth with 1,882 and London fifth with 1,369. In order the next five aro North Waterloo 879; St. Cathcr-lues 820; Niagara Falls 662; Osh ska 635; South Waterloo 586.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Infor-matlon sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank Street. Ottawa, Canada.
gUCKLEY g
PLUFI NU — SPECIAL OFFER
PERFUME MAILED PREPAID. English Tweed Perfume ofpunus-ual quality for discriminating people. Today’s most popular perfume. $1.00 value for 25c. Address to Devonshire Perfumes, 153 Sheridan Avo.. Toronto.
FOR WOMEN ONLY!
If fidgety nerve*, reeUem efshts and dia-from female functional "Irregular itiee* keep you from havmg fun in life-take Lydia E. Plnkhsm’e Vegetable Compound, made especially to help such rundown, weak, ailing woman. Try tU
MAKER Y EQUIPMENT
During 1939 Ontario Scouts passed tests for 11,329 proficiency bad* #*# Figures for the distinctly vocational badges show 524 boys to have Qualified for the Artist badge, 115 #s Basket Workers; 45 as Beekeepers, 13 as Blacksmiths, 10 as Boat •ulldeis, 61 ms Bookbinders, 432 as Carpenters, 87 as Clerks, 70 aa ÿalrvmen, 166 as Electricians. 141 as engineers (automobile), other Categories include 76 Farmers, 111 lâideners, A PoulfoTnen and 26 Stockmen.
For work In metal 171 boys secured a badge and 38 for work In lea Su>ir, while the creditable number wf 118 passed the Plumber's badge
test
PERM»* Al.
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACIIÏN-ery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co., 103 Bathurst St Toronto.
QUIT TUltAl’lTJ. SNUFF EASILY Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed Advice
fees BmrOsf P# Row 1 Winnipeg
••
Why endure the congestion. stuffiness,
cue and choked air pas eagee of naaal catarrh? Get relief from these dread symptoms at once Use Men t Kola turn. Quick in action y k <* '	to bring relief or mon*'
•v/lt
JSh-
RELIGIOUS
ting
. MUSKETRY — REED WORK
Relief from
"ELIJAH COMING BEFORE Christ." Wonderful book sent free. Hex Id do Mission, IL, Rochester, Few York.
MSARN BASKETRY. INTBREST-Uag. educational, complete instruction. 26c. Free catalogue and reed-work Instructions. Dominion Reed Supplies, Department W.. Toronto Ontario.
COLDS
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
AND
Nasal Catarrh
real
for
Used
New
A
r Civ** COMFOItT
Dally
ADI AN POULTRY REVIEW
Free Storage
or tti
LYONS FURNITURE CO 478 Yonge St.
was
#»«-U Win
A|Ura<‘tloa or r«fvs4. Levy Aot« rim, Tereele.
IN REIIUILT MO-UNITS. Hydraulic

S
AND BEST A real help to ugo or email. Sample copy, poultry Review. W. Adelaide 81 • et. feronto.
CANADA’S OLDEST goultry m:
Ip' poulti Sly $1.00 per Ut. Caned inn
R i
MENTHGLATUM V
Toronto
See, Generators, Start-». CarNereiere. Radial-
• /in
ISSUE NO. 13—'40



###PAGE###8###

I
All modern methods of education
the educational
are
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
brought into play m iilan for soldiers overseas. Linguapnones for instance, are used teach conver-j sational French. A cinema van.] donated by the Britannia League is used both for entertainment and educational purposes. , .
Natural Causes Regulate
Supplies of Wild Game
Hunters will be pleased to know that even though they may be the chief predator of many game animals, there are mysterious forces that regulate the flow and ebb ol wild life populations. They include sudden epidemics which through groups of animals or birds like a plague when they are most abundant; scarcity of natural prey and even the correlation with sur spots influencing weather cycles are more important in nature’s balance than open hunting season.
To illustrate the fluctuations ir animal populations and the rhyth* -mic increases in abundance followed by sudden and profound decrease ir number, two habitat groups of living animals have been installed ir Spring
American Museum of Natural | Highest mat History in New York.
In the first group, grouse are displayed against a nat- |	_
ural habitat background of woods |-
in autumn colors. The chart accompanying this exhibit shows how the abundance of grouse and har* has shifted at regular intervals. In the second exhibit, a live great homed owl, perched on a tree limb, stares out toward the visitor from a natural background of a yellow harvest moon and the pointed tops of pines.
A supplementary exhibit gives an analysis of the pellets of the great horned owl. It has been found that these pellets, which the owl throws ____ up after a meal, give one of the
:"rSEl£E |	#
j ohn Edward Rollins Died I horned owl feeds on, show rhythmic Suddenly at Home in Ottawa cycles in exactly the same manner
----------	.	as the ruffed grouse and the varyA former resident of Pern broke, jng hare
MMI
ot the lav- W i I it,11 Rollins and mais which feed on hares and the fvimer S-u-ao Howard. He grouse show the same periods of j,„| Mi-* L.vi a MeCagg, of scarcity and abundance as do the
hares and grouse.
Kath-b: others
Step Out In Style
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
Monuments in Marble and Granite
special
vJ7
Holstein Calf Weighs 122 Pounds at Birth
Write for information on
designs and prices.
• ‘	V,.	- '	\
, of Maryland, re of liis pure bred birth to a
Mr. Earl Dods ports that one Holstein Cows gave bull calf weighing 122 pound-. The average weight of calves of this bred i- about 90 pounds.
Phone. 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Z
$1.95 and up
Muskrat Skins
hi
Muskrat Skins XVanted, ket prices paid
N. H. HORNER,
' Shawville, Que.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43	__
the
Card of Thanks
Pulpwood Wanted
live ruffed
Phone 43
Turner—It is with the sincerest gratitude that we express to our many friends, our appreciation of their kindly expressions of esteem in the floral tokens and words of sympathy which came to us in our bereavement in t^g loss of a beloved mother. These tangible expressions of sympathy have helped to lighten our burden of sorrow.
Alva C. Turner Euella S. Turner, Earle J. Turner,
*	Hosmkr M. Turner
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.OJh cars on C. N. or t\ P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
. J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
2 trousers.
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
Phone 70
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
<
House For Sale
Ford Service
ÈIIBÏSI bT SS5HS
during liis recent bereavement.	j "'ten r fimsh-'.l sen,, t.ungalo type, nix
large rontna with fiiminer kitchen and
out-building*. Will he sold at reason-Parcels addressed to Canadian s ddiers able price f"r cash. Apply to, in France will he admitted Ly French Customs .Authorities free of duty, it was	.
announced by the French Department I hone—24 j
of Foreign Affairs.	|
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Implements
On er Off
in hss than a minute
j.p. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
.1. A. KKNXICK Shawville, Que.
\
i
)
A
t
mai
Clarendon, 3a yen*
Surviving in wife, ai e t <Vm .dite'. M
leen, at h‘>iu« ;	.
George, ot to'.d-n : Thomas and
Robert, Beadihmg ; Keniamin.
Montreal, and A he,t, Pembroke,
and three sisters Miss Mary
Rollins Beach burg, and Mr- Win.
Watchorne, and Mrs. Jane Bean-

Thorough-Bred Dogs
Are Given Odd Names
come
w
iiu
i 9
t

K'
>r.
J
• *
i
i
Because pure-bred dogs from so many corners of the earth, there are many misconceptions held by the general public concerning the 108 breeds recognized by the American Kennel club.
The names of the breeds seem to be particularly puzzling to most people, and few can understand why some are capitalized and others not. This confusion is increased be-foreign words often seem like
#
«
J'lc
pre.
The funeral was late residence on
&«.»*... in Pinecrest Cemetery.
held from his Monday to St.
ser-
with
FORD TRACTOR
Ferguson Syslew | Park Service Allots Fund
To U. S. Buildings Survey
of countless
am


B
are
m

cause proper nouns.
A visit to the library at the headquarters of the A. 1C. C. sheds light on the derivation of tbe names of the breeds, and reveals that mistaken meanings are taken even from English names. For instance, the bloodhound is not so-called because he can scent the blood of criminals. Jn the past he was called the “blooded hound,” meaning simply that he
aristocrat among dogs.
V

• With the new Ford tractor, Ferguson system, you waste no time in making lengthy implement chanceovers. Tor Ferguson wheel-less implements, including the row-cultivator, may be attached or detached by one man in less than a minute without the use of tools. Front and rear-wheel tread adjustments also a simple,
man o|»eration.
. There are other things about the new Ford tractor with Ferguson system of hydraulically controlled wheel-less implements that will amaze you. Come in and see it. Demonstrations gladly arranged. Don’t miss this chance to see the really new mechanized farm equipment.
The preservation buildings of historic value which are in danger of demolition has been made possible by the allotment of funds to the national park service for the use of the historic American building survey. Co-operation is being given by the American Institute of Architecture with the designation of one member of each of its 70 chapters throughout the United States as a survey representative who serves without pay. Architectural schools, universities, and CLC
also aiding in the
I

mm

dr***'
z-'c::
one-
was an
The French word “papillon” was given to a toy breed because its fringed ears resembled the wings of a butterfly. Also from France comes the basset hound, and its name merely that it is low to the
JL
?
Chevrolet Special Deluxe Town Sed*n.
.. .WHIM YOU DRIVE A
architects are
work.	- ,	..
The year I860 has been arbitrarily means
selected as the date of demarca- roun(j
mm
tion program of Derby Wharf, Salem, Mass., where a complete photographic and architectural record of
the Hawkes Bouse is being made Tourists who visit the great caIn New Orleans a group of pic- thedral in Pueblo, Mexico, are al-turesque Creole houses (French- |ways interested in the family of the West Indian architecture), built be- guardian of the bells, who live high fore 1800, are being measured. up ;n the bell tower, in a small Prominent among current New Jer- apartment arranged just for them.
sey projects is the surveying of dec- |This i$ typical of many churches
orated brick houses in Salem county. , in central and southern Mexico, w,th Pennsylvania's most nctdlle con- the result that the old members oi temporary historical survey is the the family, and the very young do recording of the measurements and not even go up and down the stairs, plans of the Cloisters, a group of an(j “never set foot on the ground. ---	frame buildings at Ephrata, con- gome of the churches have card-
„ï5«	« sscp,ior “ 1,40 aod " play, as
Sarah Emily McClelland, Mawer, Earliest European type structure |cated system of ringing of tells for
.b. ..« fB’ft’L-S 5T SWiSSttSE £*»«
Miss Sarah Emily Rooney, (laugh- | puert0 Rico, believed to have been many times a day. Far up in t..c ter of Mr. and Mrs. John Rooney, larted in 1532, 40 years after the 'bell tower, in little rooms converted of Greer mount, Thorne Township, arrivaI 0f Columbus. Erected by int0 bedrooms and living rooms, live Quebec. She moved to Saskatcbe-1 Dcminicans jt is one of the most as many as eight and ten persons, wan iu 1902, and for a time lived | outstanding of the few examples of Rrasiers with charcoal serve for at Moose Jaw and Loreburn. tor, ‘ Gothic architecture found in warmth and for cooking. One the past 23 years she resided in 1 America. Only true Gothic ber 0f the family goes up and down
3 rsr -,te b"
Regina - Earl, of Milestone ; Mel- near Smithfield, V a. vin :in<t Harold, of Lawson ; Fred In 1934 the historic American and Norman, of Mawer ; Mrs. K buildings survey completed the b.g-Gillespie, and Miss Pauline, of gest single assignment on its books,
Mawer ; Mr*. G. Mark. Regina ; lhe measuring, photographing and Mrs. Bert Illinarworh, Tu6ga§ke, blueprinting of 100 Pueblo houses and Mrs. C. J. Gillispie, oi Grand composing Acoma, the historically Valley. Out.; also four brothers,. famous Indian fortified city atop a and fourteen g-andehildren.	360-foot high mesa in New Mexico,
Funeral services were held in which loKg defied capture by Spar.-
-onquisud,,..

'


G.A. Howard & Son Shawville, Que.
SNT it significant that you see so many new 19-10 Chevrolcts on the streets and highways? ... Doesn’t that popularity tell you that people recognize something extra in Chevrolet? That something is extra value for the money. You drive a bargain when you drive a Chevrolet	the most beaut,{,,1 car a
bought —and the only car, regardless of price, with such a
as the Vacuum Power Shift, the *MRide Royal",
Full -Vision Bodies by Fisher and
i
Mexican Bell-Ringers
7
7
low price ever
combination of quality features
farger" Tijdoe-Matfc11CUitch. With the purchase of a new Chevrolet you get the advanced luxuries of modern motoring-and you get them at the lowest
THE *"RIDE ROYAL"—Chevrolet’s SUPER-SILENT VALVE-IN-HEAD . NEW SEALED BEAM HEAD. . . ; LARGER TIPTOE-MATIC
FERGUSON
* y * r i m
wHIIL-LESS IMPLEMENTS
Former Resident of Thorne Dies at Regina, Sask.
NEW "ROYAL CLIPPER" STYLING
-rfected Knee-Action Riding System
ENGINE : ; S NEW BODIES BY FISHER . • LIGHTS WITH SEPARATE PARKING LIGHTS ; :
. ;; PERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES.
• # •
• • •
pe
*On Special Deluxe Modeh
CLUTCH
Eue It T/iu It - Bun It !
CHEVROLET

mem-
C-4I3B
JOHN L HODGINS
FOR SALE
•’ Sheets Galeanizi (1 Steel
Quebec
“ Tile Lap _	,
Roofing ordinory and Council Standard
Send ri Ige and rafter lengths for est I
Shawville
mat
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1385 Deloriinier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec

A
i
Z
X
