###PAGE###1###
ERREUIi(S) DE NUMEROTATION
"X

A
Pm

$1.50 per annum in Advance 2.00 to the UntteiiStates
No. 32, 57 T il Year
j
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1 1940
Grand Carnival — A grand skating carnival will be held at Nlmwville Arena on Thursday
night, Feby 8th.
prizes will he awarded for the best cost nines.
PERSONA L MENTION
GOWLIXG ' BUSINESS COLLEGE
Mr Frank Morrison Dies Suddenly on Road Home

I
Shawville Hardware
Senator Byron Horner, of Blaine Lake. Szvk , was a visitor in town over the week end.
When returning to hi< home from Shawville on Tuesday even of |ing. Mr. Frank Morrison, of Zion
«eetioij, ci.'re i id on, di.d suddenly Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Substantial
.	,	. Miss Margaret Caldwell,
Arrangements *w Noraotla, i< «pending *a vacation , „	.	.	,
being made for special fancy and with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.	M ,ieai 1 '\Plz,u'e near the home
comic features by outside talent. Jas. Caldwell.	was in hiXh year. ’*
The general admission will be 15 Misa Eleanor Carson, of Ottawa, At the time The Equity goe* to
spent the week end at the home |)iesSi Wedne-day rooming, tuner, or her parent a, Mr. and Mrs. ,x\ an angementa had not been
Clarence Carson, Austin Section. completed.
Lome Armstrong Again Heads In the list of those attending the Pontine Agricultural Society funeral of Mr. O F. Hodgina, in
Ottawa, last week, the following
The annual meeting of Pontiac were inadvertently omitted:— Mrs.
Agricultural Society No. 1 was Frank Morrison and Messrs. XV. A. held on Wednesday. January 24th, and David T. Hod gins.
in the exhibition hill with the president, Lome Armstrong in the chair. A morning session for directors was also held, aiiiial report by the auditor, S. B Hudgins, of Montreal, was presented by the secretary-treasurer, K.
W. Hudgins, and showed the year had been a success financially.
With over $1,000 more being paid out in prize money and improvements than in 11 MS the surplu- was increased by $1,300.
The local Agronomist, Mr N. A.
Drummond, stated the Society had enjoyed a successful year.
From !% financial point of view, it is in much better standing than one year ago. The importance of sound financing cim not be overemphasized It is a great compliment to the Society and it must be gratifying to the members, that the financial progress was not achieved at the expense of activities, -ucii a«, an annual short course, the Fall Fair, or other events, The Society lias made a remarkably good contribution to the local agricultural community dining the year these deserve special Short Course held I t -1 March, was tin1 most successful to date, attendance was large and tin*
Intel est shown by the students was keen and the results encouraging.
A number of project* intended The annual meeting of the to advance the interests of the Bad ford Anglican Voting People agricultural community as a w hole whs held in the parish hall on were, directly or indirectly, stimu- p, {qay evening. The meeting lated. One could mention sex vrai which was largely attended was of these, such as, the campaign for ,a^ided ovei by the rector, Rev. the eradication of Warble Mies ÿ j,- ^ \l|r?ie
in Pontiac lhe Fall Fair, despite	Tlie treasurer, ML* E.ubyle
inclement weather, was a splendid Brownlee, read the financial report ! agricultural nhow. Accomodation for Association and also the I loi the cattle exhibit had to be ,.eport lor the Badminton Club * extended at the last moment, je* All expenses in connection with cause ot the large entry list. The the purchase and the upkeep of I oui try Show was of good quality tjie badminton equipment had we I as large. It might be been fully met. After other gen-advisable to have the services of errt| expenses of the Voting People an additional judge in the putt It i y jm(j been paid, a balance of $14 no show, in order to distribute the reummed to the credit of the task a little better. One very great association.
feature was the greater encourage-	Following the report it was
ment offered to swine breeders of (|ecicleci to eliminate the extra fee the district. .The committee for tho^e who were already enlarged the prize list consider- memiK.,s 0f tlie Badminton Club, ably in LUI. It is being recognized Xew members, however, wishing that th** swine industry ha< a*- to join the club shall be required come a large entei prize on ino.st to pay the fee of 25 cts. phis their farms of 1 online, and tor that fee« to the Association, reason, the swine industry, apait When general business had been entirely from the increase in log	discussed, tlie election of officers I G. Douglas,
production, which is taking place	Wrs proceeded with and	resulted	W. E N. Hodgins,
at the present time, should re* as follows President, Miss Mary J. Doucet, ceive special encouragement. It Brownlee ; viee-pres , Mis* Dora J. Bradley, would appear a very appropt late j|annrt . sec.. Miss Bobina Wallace: time tor the Society to encourage treas , Mi. Hr vine Brownlee, tho swine producers.	Those appointed as an executive
....... ÈËiî*‘*'V4'i”‘,'i,"l	S!, I.W1M» HUI. S.I.0..1
(J 11. MacLean added to the Vice- L,()'’e	1 ”ing eopie.	hockey game at the local arena on
president* and Claude Voting of	—	?	—	Friday night. Or va l (Gum mie)
Bristol, and Leonard Horner, of	Fort Coulonge Defeat	Sereney led tlie visitors	in scoring
Clarendon, added to the Board of	Shawville in One sided	Game	with two goals and	an	assi-t,	il
Directors.	---- Spencer scored the other Ottawa
C. H MacLean and Dr. S. K. Me- In a senior league fixture played goal. Ray Hobin collected three Dowell were appointed delegates at Shawville Arena on Monday goals for the home team while D to seek a special grant from the night Fort Coulonge gave the Fokes, Win. Shore and J. Knox (Quebec Departmentoi Agriculture Shawville team a severe lacing, got one each.
and the president, secretary and the score being 11 to 4. Shawville The visiting team showed much Thos. Fades were named to inter, did not find the visitor-, net until more team play than the home view the county council for a like] well on into the final period, when squad but Jacked man power Die purpose.	...	the score stood at 10—0, and then fh*yt period ended 1—0 for Shaw-
At a .directors’ meeting following | slammed in four counters in a few | ville and the second 2-2. while in
the third Shawville collected 4 goals and Ottawa 1 Tlie teams were :
Cities’ Service—Goal, E. Mason : defence. C. Friele, and T. McGill : centre, OrvaI Sereney ; wings, R.
subs,
Ottawa, Ontario
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer piemi-es. The finest and most modem in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
cents.
Cuts Feed Bill : Cet Some Today
i
MARRIED
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
vins nell— Dickson In a quiet wedding ceremony ¦
at the home of the bride s par* TATVTT7Q A n/TTT T At? ents at the noon hour on Tuesday,	A.» lYllLLAn
Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Heave Cough and Cold Remedy Poultry Worm Tablets Animal Regulator,
Roup Remedy Lice Killer
Missionary from War torn China at Holiness Movement Church on Sunday, Feb. 4th
Jan, 30th, Miss Edna Mamie Chi*, nell, daughter of Mr. and Mis.
„	...	...	« William 0. Chi«nell, of Shawville,
Rev. W. A. Dickson, returned	incarne the bride of Rev. William
missionary troni China, ^peakiiifir	Alex»n<ler Dickson, of Ottawa,
the IjolmcsH Movement Church Lon ()f Mr.,	Dickson and the
on Sunday, Feb. 4th. at t ,«>o p. m„ |„te Mr. Dickson, of Newcastle on-will relate some ot his experiences Tyne England
dining the Immhing of Uhangtch Boston, of the Shawville Holiness in which two (y i mid ran mi*«u>n- \fnvement Church, officiated, arms l°at their hves.	The bride, who was unattended,
hollowing is an excerpt from	uore a bolero mode, street length	„	_	- .	.	n	ür.r17 Am
Mr. Dickson s account ot the bonid;	(Jl.e%HO| French crepe with front	HARLAND U.	ROWAl
mg *1 cannot tell you the awful	of imported lace. Her shoulder
feeling we had as we would hear	bouquet was of roses and iily-of*
the planes coming our way. That | the* vallev. ominous roar would come nearer
B A. L L L •
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
The fin-

Rev. Robert
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
On n e—In the G. F. Hod gins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
.	. Miss Mabel Clihnell, «later of
an. still nearer—then right «hove bride played Mendelssohn's us ! Our nerves would become fRng March.
strained to the utmost point by \ tjnfTet lunch was served to the time the planes were above us. relatives and friends following the Then would come that terrific hissing of bomb* hurtling down through space. It seemed to u* that everyone was coming direct ly our way. 1 would mutter grimly through clenched teeth—‘here it come*.
This i* your opportunity to hear |	-----*•“*“
Mr. Dickson's personal account of j Shawville Curlers miraculous deliverance from death.
Wed-
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
ceremony.
After i *hoi t residence in Shaw ville, the couple will go to China, where Mr. Dickson ha* been a missionary of the Holiness Movement Church.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell*# Bay, Qoe. (In Lawn Block)
i •#
Wabasso Prints
Some of
mention.
1030.
Entertain Ottawa Teams
The
DONAT Le GUERRIER
L.L.B
Sb iwville Curling Clubs entertained two Indie*' and two men s rink* from the Ottawa Curling Club at the local rink on Friday night. In the Indie** play ! ville won on the round 1 while the Shawville men won on the round 29 to 27. Kinks and results are a* follows.
Ladies’ Play
b. a
• •
t •
Radford A Y P A. Elect Officers for 1940
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
New Wabasso Prints For Spring
Charming New Patterns—Bright and Colorful Always maintaining WABASSO QUALITY Three Price Ranges 20, 25 and 30 cts. per yard
I
S haw-14-13,
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with byjcorrespondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Shawville
Ottawa
Mrs. N. Drummond
Miss A. Lowrey,
Mre. A W. Brown, Mrs. M. Hudgins Mrs. F. Murphy,
Mrs. F. Maclennnn, Mrs. C. H. MacLean
Skip—4
Miss I. Brownlee Mrs. A. McKay Mrs. L. CslJwell Mrs. T. Shore
Skip—10

189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
Miss >1. Strutt
WABASSO,UPOLIN, PIQUE, SURETTE
Skip-9
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, JampbeH’s Bay
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.in.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
IIH
Mrs. J. Doucet,
Mrs. Cuthbertson,
Mrs. F. Shaver,
Mrs. lî. Williams,
Skip—4
Men’s Play
V

I

D. J. CAMBPELL
Z-N
Shawville
Ottawa

A. O. Brough O. MacDougall H. C. Row at G. McDowell
O. Armstrong, Dr. Sutherland, A Cohoon,
A. 0. Dawson.
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
t-îr
TA
\
Phone 3 I.


Skip-16
A. W. Pequegnat
G.	T. Paul
H.	M. Turner A.J). McVredie
Skip—13
Skip—14
!
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
*
Dental Surgeon
\
'S
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday
night to Monday night of each wsek
Skit
13
A l


i
*

z
I
7


¦X'

4 j
;; *- #4



g : M
km

w


a
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST


m
A
-i
609 Drummond Medical Building


Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
V J
n. 7 %
k
a

DU. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
4T J
T
the election of oflieers for 1940 a minute.*, scheme of operations for the year	—	-------
which includes a Shot t Course in Party for Soldiers’ Treats Agriculture, at Shaw ville, from
March 25th to 29th; Spring Stallion | Slmwville O.Y.B. are sponsoring
Show at Shawville Pair Grounds, fl p„rty in the Theatre hall this. ,	, ,n . ,
on May 10th; P ullest vo operation PYiday evening, Feh’y 2nd, for the Spencer and r. Anderson ; with the Department* of Agi icul- pm pose of raising fund* to buy M**Albert, tore in special competitions and some little necessity for the hoys L. hh iwville-Goal, G. Kilgour	;	tie-
genoral work and with tlie; of this district who have joined hence, J. Knox	and	W in.	Shore ;
Agronomist in hi* work with Call, iu8 Majesty’s force*. There will centre,Brough ; wing*. K. Hobin Clubs and other juvenile features; be no set admission charge but a A,ul J)* Fokes ; subs, B. Find Jay, B Co operation with Lady Directors collection will be taken during the	Garrety, n Lynch,
of this Society and also with the party. Those not wishing to at * Keteree— Bruce hlhott. officers of Women’s Institutes in tend the party limy hand their community Improvement, bmang contribution to Ebert Horner, or eni ly summer event on Pair treasurer. Ladies are a~ked to Grounds; also general improve- bring refreshment*, ment and tree planting day; I Pasture improvement or other contests a* advised by the Depart-1 nient of Agriculture and our Agronomist. Public meeting in
Smart new materials for Housecoats, Dresses, Aprons, and other fancy articles. Greatly featured at our last Wabasso Demonstration.
40 to 45 cts per yard
3 EL Al R 3 257

H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Hollywood Patterns
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
1 80 METCALFE
OTTAWA,
PHONE, 2-7961
Simple easy-to-follow instruction chart with every Holywood pattern, 15 and 25 cents
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ONT.
Notice of Meeting-
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
465 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
PKPRESENTINO COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Hi
,	,, .	. .	., ,,	.	... , Tim member* of the Board of
the Exhibition Hall, and possible the Pontiac Community Hospital
excursion to Macdonald College or ^jve ,1(,tice that they will hold a
hXMtMl!?len5.a <îU V1’ in An,!l.l>i meeting in the Shawville Theatre, Fall Fair, September 11. -u and -1. on Tuesday, February 0th at 1.30
Among the correspondence read pJllt for the purpose of electing
,yns a copy of a letter ol sympathy | „ Board of Directors for the com from the Society addressed to Mrs
J. XV. Horner and Family on the
occasion of the death of late (X ice-
Pres.) J. XXL Homer.
W. A. Hodgins, Lf’d

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie. Kathleen M. Rollins
Reg. Optometrist
Shawville
Quebec
: I ing year.
Those interested in the welfare of the Hospital are invited to attend.

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
1

Reg. Optometrist

d

%
».

X'N’-
' VVWvvVNA.'VV V'W


###PAGE###2###
Business Man of Note
The Situation In The Far East Is Ripe With Possibilities
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS
MUJflAtt MW# AlAN TOY I SOI AH AAANCNUKUO \ tŸ DtlVl TO CUT All *AJC UN£S N0*7H A*OM KOAl


XAKHAL
If.


PARADE
4++4 ***>

loooo mo rm/CKt
CAMAY 5 UPPi H J TO i CAINCSi AAM/fS AO^If M070AAOAD
++

r
4
d
/
9

MOI SM TO OMivl OUT Ml JAPi iN CHINA NOM TH OA &M£AT H Ail _ i
0

“Shrewdness and cunning can be utilized to mislead the enemy. Just u the enemy may be led to make false moves because of seeming operations of one's defense forces, demonstrations or diversions, so he can be prevented from making correct decisions by false reports of a military, political or economic nature. Naturally, the misleading reports must not lack the semblance of probability, and they must be disseminated in the enemy country in an inconspicuous manner, and at the right moment" — from a treatise on psychological warfare by Major General Pranke, modern German defense expert.
.¦'JL X

Mi
m
viWvorrOK
WUSSIAM *MOWHTiUf m rms PAov/Na
NOBODY'S THE WISER
Well, there’s one thing about these Finn names that appear in
despatches. A prool-makc a mistake in

ü
a*cii
L

I

»«W**A< MA \ ATTACftf A*t \H *
foWAF Of AU WPHHSi FHOM MUSH A 00 TOk CHI Ni SI MiO ammvM IH THIS PMOVIHCi
<•:
m
f I
ra-
ftWWAiKWANf- 0 t
fy mr. 'P
the war reader may spelling ami nobody is any
wiser.
rT0:
m
/
I /OA 000 VU
HO êUtMULM
I
III*
/I C « 1 N O H A I
S
?
the
f y
43
-O
i
y
II
a A

^ I •
•X)
JMANTUN»
—Guelph Mercury —o—
SHOULD KEEP IT DARK
A movie news French girls kissing British Tommies in France. The censors may have to get busy on this if they hope to retain feminine support of the war effort at home.
—Port Arthur News-Chronicle
*


^tANCNOw/ • '
V»
TIBET
/
J


iHONAN

CHINE#!)
flAN
*\r'\
-M
*
picture shows


w
O
»
RUSSIA
\SI»CMWAN J
<

k
I*
f
V

cm Né se
COMMUNISTS
O
-v

//
Al
MVHAN
M
JAPANESE
EMPIRE

Nationally-known figure in many business enterprises, J. Seitz, president of Underwood 1 liott Fisher Manufacturing Con ? pany, Limited, died at his Toron! home. He would have been 78 nexi month. Mr. Seitz is a native < t Formosa, Ont.
s
INDIA'


sôtpf
%>*


0
JAPAN IN CN1 NA
Germany’s tactics in the present war appeared last week to be following the line laid down by Herr Franke in the above . . . Was Europe entering upon a new phase of “psychological warfare" where “seeming operations of German forces", “misleading reports bearing every semblance of probability" took the place of actual military operations? If such were the case, the rumors current in the war’s nineteenth week regarding the imminent Invasion of Holland Belgium should have frightened no one . . . Yet since this type of psychological warfare might at any moment turn Into “the real thing", vigilance nowhere could be relaxed. The Allied military machine had to bo kept geared for action, the armies of the Low Countries remained mobilized reserve armies had to be maintained, hospitals held ready, airraid protection functioning 24 hours a day, all at enormous expense. And so the “war of nerves" continued.
NEW THEATRE OF WAR?
The war in the north between Russia and Finland threatened In the same week to draw Scandinavia into the conflict, too . . . especially Sweden across whoso territory would have to go any armed aid Finland would receive from the Allies, Italy or the U S. In the face of German threats to attack Sweden should she allow such passage af arms and men, King Gustav ¦poke out in favor of Finland . . , without, however, promising any military aid.
“DEVIL TAKE THE HINDMOST"
In the Balkans, more diplomatic jockeying . . . Foreign correspondents in the know reported that Italy (backed, perhaps, by the Allies) bad engaged Hungary to help ¦(op Russian expansion into southeastern Europe. Hungary agreed to come' In on the plan, so they said,
If Rumania would be willing to give Transylvania back to her after the war . . . Rumania, they continued, would bo willing to give up Transylvania to Hungary, if Hungary and Italy would aid her in keeping Russia from taking Bessarabia (oh! look at the map) . . . Jugoslavia, it wag believed, was being asked to approve the passage of Italian troops over her territory if and when a Balkan war de- " veloped.
In Canada the first war loan went on sale, was soon over-subscribed . . . and people heard that Canadian troops were in the frontline trenches . . .
—0
<

~N KWANÛSI
THE OLD SHELL GAME
Rumors persist that Hitler will step down, becoming President of the Reich while Goering assumes the mantle of Chancellor, “in order to persuade the Allies to make 99 However, the Allies can
when
* v £
V SÈ
ANThREO
CHINESE
O

(Ml
kV
FEENCN • HO© ' IchinaX
N ATI ON AU SI CHINA

11 O
tli»n
O?*»*

y
FRANCO
BRiT/SN
* +1
tss
I
Kenorn-Kainy River district won .1 prize at the recent Chicago lntc: -national Livestock Exhibition an 1 International Grain and Hay Show. Canada imported moat of its table pea seed from Poland previous t the war and that source now cut off.

peace.
probably spot a shell game they see one.
One wouldn’t think that the “unofficial” war in China could have much to do with the very official war on the western front, but it lias, as a	glance	at	this map will show you.	There have been whispers of a
“deal” between Soviet Russia and Japan,	which,	should it go through, would	permit the Soviet to divert vital
supplies, now poured into China, in the direction of Germany. It would also permit the Soviet to give its full attention to the conquest of Finland and it would force Great Britain to take more extensive measures for the defence of her Indian empire, which	could	be	reached through China,	either by the Japanese or the
Ruaeians—provided that Marshal Chiang	Kai-Shek	could be won over by the	Soviet-Japanesc bloc. But Chiang
has a pro-British leaning and much of his war material comes by way of the new “road from Mandalay.” Some prophets predict that eventually the Soviet will endeavor to sweep the Japanese out of all that conquered part of China north of the Great Wall. This, of course, after the Soviet had aided Chiang in driving them out from below that historic barrier.
--«Windsor S:ar
—o
SEARCH OUT EVERY CASE
When it is estimated that it has cost Canada from 120 to 150 million dollars to extend care to tho-c veterans of the Great War w<io contracted tuberculosis, it may be understood why an X-ray examination has become an essential part of the preparation of the present Expeditionary Force for tivc service. As a matter of record, tuberculosis during the Great War caused 23 per cent of all deaths from disease and the in va I. iding home of nearly 0,000 Canadian soldiers. Pension lists show that young men were the ones affected. The average age of soldieis pensioned because they had tuberculosis was two years less than the average age for the entire pension group.
i
Now Suited To Climate
Gohn displayed a sample cl Chancellor, a small yellow pea ri<-velopvd at the Ottawa farm hih suitable both for forage and tab i
\
belief that there is no danger of | only good for fourth place as both
the first and second place teams posted perfect scores of 1500.
The personnel of the Ontario titleholders from Clinton was as follows: Ellwood Epps, E. It. Dou-cett, William Fairish, F. VanEg-mond, H. Kingswell, James Fairish and R Smith. Seven shooters were permitted to compete for each team but' only the five highest scores were counted for the team’s total score.
purposes.
Hugh Jeffrey cl* Whitby, Ont., won a first place with his exhib of soy beans of the Mandant, variety over a large number of <•? tries from some of the best so> bean areas- in the United States. His sample was a cross breeding on seed imported from Manchurit:. The original seed ripened too Iat« for Canadian climatic conditions and was developed into an early-ripening product
not be seriously affected.
Pointing to the death-dealing earthquake in Turkey as an example of his successful predictions in the past, Thrupp said that July 20 to August 5 next year will be the “first period of risk of the worst disasters.”
July • August Worst Period “This occasion will compare with the disasters in Asia Minor on August 13 and September 5, 1822, when 20,000, people were killed,” he said in an interview.
He forecast that October 20 to November 10 will be the second period of greatest risk.
Canada Not Seriously Affected The elderly Vancouver civil engineer, who retired from active practice in 1932, said that the “new law of gravitation” he has developed which forms the basis for his predictions, “docs not provide any means of forecasting the location of earthquakes.”
The 1940 temblors might occur in uninhabited areas and cause no loss of life, he said. Canada’s subterranean structure is solid enough, he added, to warrant the
a serious earthquake in the Dominion.
nr-
• • •
1?
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
By VIC BAKER
NEW RIFLE CHAMPIONS
From the home of the Calgary Stampede come this year's Canadian. 22 Sporting Rifle Champions who have just finished celebrating their victory over the best rifle teams in the Domihion in the largest rifle tournament ever held In this country. So keen was the competition and so close the fight among the leading teams, that even though the Ontario provincial titleholders placed fourth, they were only one point behind the winning rifle squad.
The Ontario champions, the Clinton Rifle Club, of Clinton, posted a near-perfect score of 141)9 out of a possible 1500 points which was
Makes Own Plane -
Pay For Itself
Brockville Recorder & Times
Secret Radio Listeners Inform Britain
Canadian Peas Getting Better
Owning your own airplane i> made easy under o scheme initial ed by pretty Mary Spearing, one of two Toronto gills owning ship-' t Marion Gillies, daughter of Fred Gillies, another of Toronto's commercial instructors, is the other). Mary has a little Taylorcraft. Nh* can't be flying ail the time so sh* has rented it to a Toronto commercial flying school. The coir, pan y pays Mary a fee based on the number of hours it is used, and also pay.ii its hangar costs and keeps it in flying trim. Soon Mary will have paid for it by turning the plane’s spare time into money making time.
Growers Also Coming Into Own With Soy Beans, Ottawa Finds
BBC “Listening Post*' Hears What Stations All Over the World Are Saying—Reports On It Daily
Canadian growers of soy beans and field peas finally arc coming into their own. to the gratification of the agricultural experts at the Dominion Government experimental farm, Ottawa.
The agricultures considered particularly encouraging that Canadian-grown peas exhibited by Albert Gohn of Kino, Ont., in the
The incurable radio - listener would be in his element in wartime England — if lie was in the “listening post” division set up by the British Broadcasting Corporation to tune in to the whole world.
The centre was organized at the request of tho ministry or In formation oil the outbreak of tho war to keep the government posted day and night with what the world is paying and hearing. Twice a day, a convoy of messengers leaves the listening posts established in secret locations, with 25 bulky passages for delivery to 25 government offices Each package contains a carefully documented summary, ruuniug to 15,000 words, of the mas* of new s and propaganda tnat is ht-oadcast from all parts of the world.
Jozo Weider Reaches for a High Note at Lac Beauport, Que.
By Fred Ne^tr
LIFE’S LIKE THAT

SIS.
7-3
" *
m
•Û
»
/

Aids Canadian Composers
0
*k;
In Every Language
Tills is compiled by a staff of 40 expert linguists, called e uionitorb. They are engaged ceaselessly 24 hours a day and seven days a veek in picking lip programs sent out from every transmitting station of importance. No word in a foreign broadcast escapes them. Mésanges are jotted down, translated and dictated to stenogaphers. The extracts thon are passed to a staff of men chosen for the knowledge of foreign affairs and political judgment, who sift them and make up summaries.
And Recorded By Dictaphone
Frequently an important foreign speech is taken verbatim, the German foreign minister, Joachim von Rihbentrop, made nls recent declaration at Danzig, his words were mechanically recorded. When the listener catches a passage of unusual importance In a newscast, he cau switch on a dictaphone to record the item..


'
g
^ T4Y - _
. // ‘



'.'m :x
V



.
I

mm
\

mm
)
'¦mm
5%

T:

/
a

¦c
i

2

vT? 1
When lie’s reaching for a high note, it’s not all push or pull that counts with Jozo Weider, “The Flying Czech,” ski instructor at the Chat-teau Frontenac Hotel, Quebec, for when Jozo finds his “sending” on the accordéon is weakening a little, he jumps aboard his steel-edged hickories, zooms down one of Lac Beauport’a speedy hills and takes off into ths higher altitudes in search of the shrill treble. In more serious vein, though, Weider actually does manipulate his lome-to-me-gp-from-mc while skiing, as this photo shows. And his odd assortment of accomplishment» doesn’t stop there. For he is a linguist of some note, with five different languages at his command and a photographer of no mean skill. He is pictured here dressed in his authentic Czechoslovakian ski costume, combining ski and musical prowess at Lac Beauport.
(Canadian Pacific Photo)
*



When

Music is a business in which Canada imports more than she extorts. To stimulate home production in this important field, the Canadian Performing Right Society sponsors an annual contest in ical composition. H. T. Jamieson, president of the society, points out that during the last two years 75 young Canadian composers have submitted meritorious eempositions. Ten of these, representing every province in the Dominion, have received scholarships or cash awards.


flit.
“What makes you think I'm not the lady of the houre?*’
REG’LAR FELLERS -The Meek
By GENE BYRNES
[Tcorrect/ano 1
ft WHERE DO WE GET WOOL FROM ?

rigkt/and
WHAT 13
ÆtoTok
WELL THEN,
J WHICH ANIMAL
GAVE you your.
JVIT ?
WE LL PUT IT DIFFERENTLY-WHAT 15 YOUR
gUIT
MADE OF T>
l DONT
KNOW,
teacher/
OH, NOW I CATCH ON/
NV FATHER/
V
1940 Forecast As Year of Quakes
Vancouver Prophet Says Temb- j lore To Be Worst in Century
WOOL !
JHIIPt
CLOTH f
6^4
m.
r
VI


1

I
r

i
L
\

1
»
1


Edgar C. Thrupp, of Vancouver, » member of the Engineering Institute of Canada, forecast at the beginning of the year that 1940 will “bring the most destructive eatrthquakes of the 20th century," but said that Canada will
a

f
V*»

PPsttSI
Her V. B r«*	All r'rhu
A
Lj
m
a


m
• -r.*
rn



###PAGE###3###
Following “Ten Commandments” for winning back a straying mate, are used by Dr. S. L. Katzoff, marital expert, in solving “eternal triangle" cases in Hollywood:
1.	Pretend to know nothing of the infatuation or new love affair.
2.	Do not criticize or condemn the mate.
4.	Take an inventory of your own emotional asets and liabilities.
5.	Begin to do the things one has neglected to do and shun things which should have ben left undone or unsaid.
6.	Try to remember that the greatest mischief maker is the human tongue.
7.	Bogin a campaign of undermining a man's resistance by being unusually kind and attentive.
8.	Give him merited praise, more than ever before. (Feed him mostly through his ears.)
9.	Compete with your competitor In every way — in dress, praise, attention, interest and service.
10.	Remember that a mate worth having is worth working for, fighting for and being patient with. Keep on visualizing the goal — that of rewinning him, and do everything in your power to accomplish that aim. Give particular attention to: tactfulness, praise, and malting him feel important.
Start On Rug
In Room Plan
buttered bread crumbs to the top. Cook in a moderate oven for 15 minutes.
LIMA BEANS AU GRATIN
4 cups cooked dried lima beans VA cups white sauce (medium)
1	cup grated cheese
3 tup buttered crumbs -Ve teaspoon salt (or mere to taste)
A r range beans, sauce and cheese in alternate layers in baking dish. Cover the toy with crumbs and bake in moderate oven for 20 minutes.
WAX BEAN SALAD
2	cups canned waxed beans cut
in strips
2 teaspoons finely chopped on-

T
T
r
A
A
L
B
K
L
S
E
;
K
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
dress up your vegetables
Several conversations to which 1 have been a party recently have given me the thought, that at this time of year everyone is looking for a change in vegetables. All vegetables from the store room which were carefully brought in from the garden in the Autumn, have had their turn; the canned vegetables have been partly consumed, so a change is the order of the day. If you have developed this mood, give your vegetables a new attire and be ready for the applause of your family.
BAKED CAULIFLOWER WITH CHEESE SAUCE
1 head of cauliflower \ % cups cream sauce mixed with
J/a cup grated cheese
1 cup buttered bread crumbs Salt and pepper to taste.
Wash cauliflower, separate into flowerets. Soak in salt water lA hour. Drain. Cook in boiling water for 15 minutes. Place alternate layers of cauliflower and buttered crumbs in casserole; pour the cream sauce and cheese over the cauliflower. Sprinkle the remainder of "buttered crumbs on the top, as well as a sprinkle of grated cheese. Heat for 20 minutes in a moderate oven.
SCALLOPED TOMATOES
Butter a baking dish; in the bottom place a layer of buttered breadcrumbs. Have ready the canned tomatoes, the number being served governing the quantity. Add a little lemon juice and sugar to tomatoes, then place in prepared casserole. Place on the top a layer of buttered breadcrumbs and grated cheese. Bake in a slow oven for 15 minutes.
ion
% teaspoon sait one eighth teaspoon pepper Dash of paprika.
Combine beans and onion, salt and pepper. Marinate with enough salad dressing to cover. Allow to stand in refrigerator or cold place for one hour. Drain. Serve on crisp lettuce leaves, sprinkled with paprika, ff served with ripe olives or tiny bits of celery filled with cheese, it gives a very appetizing finished touch and is a splendid protein concoction, high in calories, for those who consider these points carefully in preparing the daily menu.
A FEW HINTS IN COOKING
VEGETABLES
Always use boiling water if boiling cr steaming vegetables.
Add salt and pepper when the vegetable is almost cooked, never in the beginning.
Always cook the strong-flavored vegetables in a large amount of water and the mild ones in a small amount. Always save the water from the latter*for soup or cream sauce.
When convenient, steam vegetables rather than. boil. This retains all the food value.
READERS. WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves/* Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Mias Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
TURNIP FLUFF
' Boil or steam the turnip in the usual way, then mash. Add to the amount, (which would be a serving for four): 2 tablespoons of melted butter, % cup brown sug- I ar, 1 egg (beating the yellow and white separately). First add the butter and sugar, then egg yolk, beaten well, and lastly add the white, also well beaten. Place in a well buttered baking dish, adding
To Lure Back
A Stray Mate
Here Are Ten Rules Cited By A Well-Known Psychologist — Solve Your "Triangle
THREE SMART HATS
TO MATCH YOUR FROCKS
Trouble
!
With the correct rug for a start,» the building up of the room is interestingly illustrated in professionally decorated rooms now on display in New York. From a wide variety of weaves and colors either the decorator chooses the rug which exactly fits his scheme or given a rug beautiful and important enough, he creates a setting for it.
By LOUISE LENNOX
Have a hat to match each dress.
You can afford this luxury if you make them yourself. A draped tur. ban can be either dressy or for sports, depending upon the fabric used. For more formal moments, a pill box with a bow-covered snood to keep your carls in place, is just the thing.
Style No. 2567 is designed for one size, adaptable to any head-size. Bonnet style also included.
Style No. 2759 is designed for
Tobacco produced in C anada j during	a
one size, adaptable to any head- j 0f 108,770,100 pounds, compared size. Pattern includes three othe
| with the revised estimate of 101,-I 094,600 pounds in 1938 and 72,-I 093,100 in 1937.
styles.
Style Nu. 2995 is designed fur one size, adaptable to any head-size. Pattern includes three other I es.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS.(15c). (Coin is preferred) for PATTERN to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plait \ dr N x N E, and STYLE number. Le s îe to aULv size y vu wish.
If fidgety nerves, reetlew trc-M from fumait» functio ities' keep you from having fun in life take Lydia E Pinkhem’e Vegetablo Compound, made imperially to help auch rundown, weak, uilihg worn. n. Try it:
nlghw and dim nal “irregular-
ADDRESS

t
6
4
)
A

u»6

gS
:•
mm
\
••


2
Leaders in sport . . • coaches, athletes end trainers . . . advise boys entérina the re#W, of sport to eat Crow» Brand daily 1er that extra pep and energy which help to win.
fiend for Croixt Brand "Book of Riddles”; "Book of Magie and Tricks" ; Books on Hockey, Football, Baseball, Athletics: alao coloured Crown Brand Motto. ALL FREE. Send • Crown Brand label for each item. Address: The Ojada Starch Company Limited, Dept. B, 49 Wellington 8t, E., Toronto.
i

f
Modern Cooking Kills Vitamins
Toronto Physicians Hear Expert Denounce Present-day Culinary Methods
Under present-day conditions not one person In ten million absorbs enough vitamins into their system, according to Dr. H. E. Dubln of New York, who has for the last twenty-two years been a partner to Dr. Casimir Punk, first discoverer of the vitamin.
Dr. Du bin, who lectured recently to a group of Toronto physicians, declared that modern cooking methods and the habit of throwing away the water In which food is cooked, makes it necessary for every one to supplement their diet with some form of vitamin concentrate.
The doctor, a dark, wiry man, said that since Dr. Funk discovered the first vitamin concentrate business had grown into a hundred million dollar a year industry.
Not One in 10,000,000
“I hope this business expands, because it is a sign that people are taking steps to keep healthy us they can in no other way.
Health Committee of the League of Nations in a published report in 1935 said that the greatest deficiency in the diet of the world was the lack of vitamins and minerals. The two substances are inseparable and work on the human body together,” he said.
Fruit, dairy products and vegetables are the great protective foods, said Dre Dublin, but even to these vitamin-containing victuals, modern cooking is almost fatal.
The
R.C.A.F. Rejects Brantford Girl

They Say the Air Force Is For Men Fliers Only
j
3
With 77 bourn solo in the. air, Miss Connie Culver, of Brantford, Ont., uses a field on her father’s farm a mile east of Simcoe as an airport and is ready, it ever a real chance comes her way, to aid the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Miss Culver is 20, is a comely girl flier of the Braut-Norfolk Aero Club, who Is seeking her commercial pilot's license.
“But. there’s uo chance for a girl. At least, not yet," she laments, I have already written to the department and they tell me they haven’t any call for the weaker sex. *
She Owns Half A Plane Miss Culver wants to try anything in the line of flying for war service, but regretfully belie von there’s tittle- opportunity for :i girl with wings in this man’s ,var.
Miss Culver owns a plan?, witU her 31-year-old brother, lîvcge. They've got one of the "oddest airports” in Ontario. It's a small lleitl next to the barn on the tarai of their father. Bluest L. Culver, and, In lieu of a hangar, they run the piano up beside the barn for protection in bad weather


1

1



v
t
> r
V *
5
gs
>

5
¦f
S
9
$
<
I
ISSUE NO.
'40
B
Constance wanted to ask, "How many women have you timed?'’ But she said instead, “That’s part of my job"; and then in response to ills questioning eyebrows, "Twenty-two forty Blanchard street, please . . . You go out the Boulevard/’
They did not speak again until they were out of the worst of the traffic. Then he said, "Do you know, the other day at Daimler's I thought the joke was on mother. I’d have sworn at first that you were there for a more frivolous purpose than modeling gowns."
"I should have supposed," Constance suggested, "that to a busy doctor, modeling might seem the most useless and frivolous business possible.’’
"Useless?" He semed to consider the question. "Maybe. But highly decorative. And (Jod knows, we need all the frivolity and beauly we can got in this sordid world . . . I’m not so sure that a lot of the women 1 have to deal with would not be better off if they were doing anything half so useful."
“You're Tired’
Superior male, hm? Constant thought. Aloud, she said, “I gather you don’t think too highly of women?"
“On the contrary," he said. "I've often thought women might be rather good company If you didn’t always have to see them at their worst."
“Well, 1 suppose being physician to the idle rich must be a disillusioning business," Constance said, wondering if there would be a letter from Derek waiting for lier at honte.
"You are tired, aren't you?" he said in an entirely new tone as he glanced sidewise at her. "If I were you I’d get to bed as early as possible. There's nothing like — ”
“I'm so tired," Constance cut in, "that if you turn on your best bedside manner, I'll probably spoil your vacation by bawling on your shoulder . . . That's my house — the third on the right . . . And thanks a lot."
e4 Delicious Dlend
FF
iP




LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, 1936, NEA Servit#, Inc
have gone Into this pretty thoroughly/’
Pauline shrugged and turned away; but after Elea had gone out, Constance heard her talking with Miss Letts In angry whispers.
Cruel Questions
later in the day, Pauline approached Constance.
"I hear the gray coat was part of the trousseau, kid," she began, and behind her sultry lashes something avid and cruel lurked. "I suppose you won’t be with us long? ’
"I’m only standing In for Lucille, you know," Constance replied as evenly as she could . .
Letts had not forgotten.
"Sure," said the girl, "J know ail about It," and she laughed provocatively.
It was just at closing time that Constance was summoned again to display some garments for a late customer of Miss Letts. When she went into the show room , she found the plump elderly woman who had inquired about the gray coat that first day at Daimler’s. With her waa the man who had been with her. He was not, Constance thought, in the least like the typo of sleek, super-sophtetlcated men who most often came to the shop. Yet he showed none of the discomfort of the mere male who finds himself In an utterly feminine setting.
Constance resented the quietly amused curiosity with which he wan looking about him. As If this were a flea circus, she thought. Ho was older than she had supposed, with a deep line between his alert brown eyes, and a fine web of tiny wrinkles at the corners.
The woman was voluble and very
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAID WELL—her oine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON— an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.
* O *
Last week: Connie gets her first letter from Derek and elated she wonders If the people at Bartlett's ere interested in her. She was to learn just how much, later!
, Ho Miss
CHAPTER X
At Bartlett’s next day things got off to a bad start.
Miss Letts, for whose customers Constance sometimes modeled dit* forent gowns, was the saleswoman who, so short a time ago, had sold her many of the lovely things now hanging unused at home. Although the woman never gave any sign of remembering that, Constance could not escape a feeling that Miss Lett* did not like to work with her. She put this down to the fact, which everyone knew, that the redhaired l*auline was Miss Letts' favorite model.
The trouble began while Constance was showing some gowns before a customer for Miss, Letts. Another customer, whose stocky ankles and sofa-pillow torso suggested an unwise devotion to the cream dressings, Insisted on trying on several slim models Constance had been displaying.
A good saleswoman, as Constance understood by this time, should have been resourceful enough to prevent the contretemps. The figure the woman saw reflected in the mirror was so great a shock to her vanity, that her selfesteem demanded a victim.
Letts was the victim. Miss Letts, in lier turn, vented her chagrin on
The first person Constance talked to when she went back to the store after the showing in Chester was Miss Letts.
"Miss O’Daro asked to see you as soon as you came in,” Miss Letts told her with a furtive satisfaction In her manner that made Constance vaguely uneasy.
(To Bo Continued)
?


Telephone Voice Said Revealing
It Betrays Your True Character
friendly.
*l’m afraid we're keeping you after hours," she smiled apologetically at Constance.
Miss Lotts — perhaps reflecting that she, too, was being kept after hours, and nothing said about It— shrugged faintly.
“But I’m going away tomorrow,** the lady went on, "and my sou and I want to select some things for a young niece who’s stranded in a small town.”
"We’re always glad to accommodate you. Mrs. Rogers,” Miss Letts put in effusively. ‘ If Constance Is too tired, we have other models who — ”
"Oh. but we want her,” Mrs. Rogers objected; and went on to Constance, “My son suggested the day we saw you at Daimler’s that you about my niece’s size and col-
Mis*
The Bell Telephone Company re^ cently conducted a contest to find the operator with the nicest voice technique. Has it ever occurred to you to give any thought to your own telephone voice and what it conveys to the listener at the other end of the wire? asks a letter to the Montreal Star.
There is the voice whose "Hello” says "Oh, I> — the telephone for itnerrupting me!” It is annoyed, turned down at the corners, short and grumpy. You wish you hadn’t called the person who owns it and you will not do it again unless you Just have to.
There is the “sorry-fow-itself” voice and you know you caught the owner in a fit of self-pity which may even bo chronic. After you’ve talked a minute it begins to perk up as long as you do not ask It “How are you feeling?” when it goes back to its former whining, dragging tones.
Full of Human Sympathy
There is a doctor 1 have ovens- | ion to call now and then and his i voice is always the same: “If you hadn’t bçen in trouble you would not have called me and whatever it is keep your shirt on. it may not he as bad as you think * — always calm, patient, soothing and never exasperated. Its owner is full of human sympathy and understanding and used to dealing with all types of people. It takes practice to get a voice like that.
There is the voice which sings out “hello” as though it hadn’t a care in the world and hopes you ore the same.
There is the "in a hurry voice of the owner, who was just going out or iu tho midst of a dozen things. It L quick and decisive and tolls you to state your business as quickly and concisely as possible j because it hasn’t time to gossip or soliloquize but will give polite attention to anything of importance.
There is the voice which is saying one thing and thinking another - it does’t ring true. It is just malt
Constance.
It won Elsa O’Daro who rescued Constance and smoothed down the ruffled customer with a few tactful words.
Assignment Out of Town
To tho saleswoman, who showed inclination to sulk after the customer had gone, soothed and flattered, Elsa said crisply, must expect trouble if you don't know yet how to talk baby elephants like that out of trying on debutante models, Miss Letts.”
Then she turned to Constant e. "I am bend tug you to Chester to-mor-
w, ’ ' iiiiiiiiiiiîîiiiiilliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiüiiiiii
a preview at. the Métropole Hotel there* .... Just you and Gertrude. She will be In charge.”
BarletVe, Constance knew, was making a campaign to advertise Its Vi<-signing department iu small outlying cities. Assignments to such work paid a little extra.
Pauline, who had Just come iuto the room, turned upon Elsa, her eyc« flushing.
• Llitco/ nhf. cried, understood that I was to have this ovt-of-town work. You haven’t any
an
"You
s ho went. ou. "We’re having
are
orlng."
Constance displayed several garments, and Mrs. Rogers selected a rosy hand-knitted truck and a furred evening wrap.
He's A Busy Doctor When they roao to go. she said to Constance, "You do look tired. I am hurrying off with'a friend for dinner; but my son has his car
Mark, why don’t
"It’s been
outside, qpd you take this obliging young lady wherever she wants to go . . . Oh, don’t look at your watch. My son.” she explained proudly, ‘ can’t forget when he’s on vacation, that
right—”
"\Vo will not discuss my rights, Pauline,” Elsa O’Dare answered in a silky voice. "The last time I let
we ren’t fit for work for
even
lie's a busy doctor. . . . You’re not rushing off to any deathbeds this j evening, Mark.”
A doctor, Constance thought. Of course it can’t be any novelty to him to see n little lingerie strewn
you go, you three days afterwards.”
“1 don't know what Gertrude’s been telling you,” the gill blazed.
"but — ”
“Gertrude,” Elsa’s green eyes
dangerously bright, "told mo
about.
When Constance hesitated, Dr. Rogers said, arching one eyebrow ut her, "Doctors are notoriously bad insurance risks, but if you are willing to take a chance, I’ll be very glad.”
1 don’t think he’d burst into tears if 1 refused, Constance thought wryly. Hut she was tired, and she knew that by this time every ear and bus would be jammed to the doors.
"Thank you,” she salt!

wore
nothing. I am capable of drawing conclusions from obvious
ray own
signs . . . And It’s no use running to Mr. Anton this time. He and 1
r
/
u

ir
w
/
II
0
1
I’ll It III
lug an oxcuse.
Oh, yes! Your telephone tells a great deal more by its tones than before his car when she went out | by wlmt says — it tells the kind Constance almost laughed when
I
i y. '
m
He was walking up and down
of person you are.”
;
i
she not Iced that he had just returned Ilia watch to his pocket.
Rolling Giants
‘This is a record,” he announced. ‘Tvo never known a woman to gut dressed so quickly.”
t • •
4ft I-
The world’s largest waves arc raised by north-west gales round l the Cape of Good Hope, where | sea* sixty feet high have been rev-| orded. The average time-lag be! tween large waves i* 23 sec. Wavie ; 35 ft. high have been encountered off Cape, Horn, hut the biggest
the No . h Vtlt nt c a*i-i
ivelv 25 ft.
< olorfuH) !!«•»% mill .» in nr l rcMiri holrl . . . rurl) tain nil I n n nrvliilvvliirv . . . |itn«*-|in nvlleil ruunm, fiir-•tKlierl 1 liruiiKIioiii In
iiiithr liHiiillvriiflw . |trl«ulc I#nIli* . . . vwnlrollvil livni-tnu n nil f»|irliiklrr lire* |*rnfev Him »>»lein ... u vu hilii iin I Inii ol ii iiiiniih I apiMilBiiMmâ» i i I * Ii modéra vimiforiw. r lv % ni lu» I.HMI feu I . . . ilium ilnn I <i|ivii-hlll nM-liui lie«lde hiilrl nml iMdty . . . »kl hvImmiI . .
# # *i * ii ml other Wrllc nr |ili»nv:
Sir. Ailelr en limil. IM|.

STOPPED
QUICKLY
e e


W
rectirde t
wkl-
vi I ii I * r MrthlllrM. 'I'lie < Imnlevlvr.
I
1 >
rvsi
. i <
mi 12 il. h %h.
Ut Brille, el druggiili prove# Her money bo#à
X

HM-
ODD
V
BSSKSm’S
N
I HE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
gotfl!
FREE







<r

»»*>:•:
:5¥:-x3>

m
>
Ui

1
s£>
!^s
I
V
.

X
N>
ml
X

\
:
/

X

N
* » V
P

*3»
« w?


<
ICS
Ui
m
••
<
x
N


«%

###PAGE###4###
\uuuuunr*
.................mm
and Councillors Westbrook
THE EQUITY
mayor	__ t.
Clark?, Young, Smiley and Muldoon.
A report was presented to the Council showing that $228.40 had been* spent plowing, and the mayor had received donations amounting to $30.00 towards this work, and it was the unanamious of the Council that the plow-
70 Per Cent. More
Hodgins Garage
y
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 1, 1940

Pigs by Feeding the
H
Parliament Dissolved Four Hours After Session Opened
SHUR-GAIN
opinion
ing was a success.
On motion of (Jr. Smiley the meeting
then adjourned.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Elections March 26th
Prime Minister King had Parliament dissolved Thursday night within tour hours after its sixth session had been formally opened.	„	Rose Has Long Figur?d
Decision of the Government to make	*,	.	, r rM_|an/
an immediate appeal to the country,	In History 0> ILnglc.-»
was announced in the Speech from the The rose, in all probability, ha.-
Throne read by Lord Tweedsmuir. ^gured more prominency in the his-Governor General of Canada, to mem- tory of England than in that of any hers of both Houses assembled, in the other country.
Senate Chamber. #	The War of Roses, which lasted
But it was at a hastily called cabinet ffom J455 t0 1485 was between the
meeting after a storm of protest had House of York and Lancaster. A been heard from Conservative^ Leader red rose was the badge of Edmund. Manion and Co operative Lymmnn earj 0f Lancaster, brother of King wealth Federation Leader Woods worth, Edward I. The white rose was the that the decision for immediate dissolu- badge of the giack Prince.
Spssiiim
püsiüii
The Prime Minister personally carried caster and York, the dissolution order to Government Another conflict in which the rose House where Lord Tweedsmuir signed was worn was the Seven Years war. it at 7.07 o’clock	During the Battle of Mind en in 1759,
Following the formal opening, shorn several British regiments gathered ¦of all peace time pageantry and display and wore roses which flourished on but rendered unique by the staggering the countryside, it is related in Car-announcement in the Throne Speech, den Digest. It is a custom for lethe Commons returned to their chamber maining British regiments to cele-amid a buzz of speculation.	braie the battle in which their pred-
Apparently the secret was so well ecessors fought, by wearing yellow kept that no one outside of the cabinet roses and bedecking their drums knew what was coming. Contrary to and colors.
usual custom no advance copies of the The Lancashire Fusiliers make Throne Speech were given to the press even m0re of a ceremony of it. by or to opposition leaders.	giving a “silent toast" to those who
Tuesday, March 26 was later an- foil. Most peculiar of all is the nounced as date for the general elec- ritual which follows the toast. Ti.e l ions.	most recently joined subalterns
must stand upon their chairs and eat a rose.
Jos. A. Stkele See.-Treas

Sales
Way
8
S
S **********<*<**

If You Feed Hogs on Grains Alone
It will take 1,100 lbs. of grain to produce a 200 lb. Hog or 11,000 lbs. of grain to produce 10 Hogs, 200 lbs. each.
If You Feed Hogs The Shur Gain Way
g
s

A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.D. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dial Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
I
It takes 650 lbs. grain and 50 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate to
To produce 10 Hogs, it takes only 6,500

x
produce a 200 lb Hog lbs. of grain and 500 lbs. of Concentrate


\
You Save
4,500 lbs. of grain by using only 500 lbs. of Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate on 10 Hogs.
By adding 350 lbs of Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate to the 4,500 of grain saved you can raise 7 more Hogs to 200 lbs. in weight.
The Result is Grains Alone
11,000 lbs. grains make 10 Hogs

zie
occ
The Shur-Gain Way
11,000 Grains and 850 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate 41 p c., make 17
Hogs.

In other words you buy 850 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate and you get back 7 more Hogs with the s .me quantity of grains.

Shur-Gain Feeds are sold in this district by
K
g
8
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED'D.
\
\

J. La. HODtilNS

NOTICE
b i*hone 64*J.	...	g

Opossum Hunt
Mrs. Mark Henderson, 60, who lives on an Illinois farm, heard a tlie hen squall as she went out to put up her chickens the other night. Investigating by lantern, the farm woman discovered an opossum dragging a hen under the shed. Returning to the house, Mrs. Lender- g son obtained a rifle, came back to the barn and found the opossum playing “dead." She shot it and then found it was carrying seven young in its pouch.
He. H<tate John D. Moorhead, t î Campbell's Bay, Que., deceased All persons having claims against above Estate are requested to tile same within fifteen days with the undersign vu Dated Hist.January, H>40 Mrs. Maruaket R. Henderson,
Executrix.
Campbell's Bay, Quebec m



CL
DALE’S TINSHOP

Red Cross Nursing Classes


X-Rav Proves Va!u?b!e
Twenty-seven hundred women and children in western Quebec are learning what to do till the doctor comes, how the family can be overfed yet undernourished, and a thousand ways ot keeping sickness outside the window through arsing simple health rules.
Home nursing classes, run by branches of the Red Cross in Quebec, are affording the instruction, free. This activity, directed by the peacetime staff of the Red Cross, follows experience in Ontario where home nursing courses have been running for several years. Results are impressive Through knowledge -she gained at home nursing classes, one girl was able to keep her mother alive until the doctor arrived to counteract a severe heart attack Ontario hinterland, a 17 year-old lad who was days away from a doctor, defended his mother against pneumonia and gave the medico a chance to bring the patient through safely
The idea is not to replace doctors or ¦qualified nurses. It is to build up a large body of women and girls who can appreciate what preventive health work is ; how to act in emergencies ; how to better health than a family ordinarily would enjoy.
September 15 saw the first of the classes started in Quebec, with Miss Alice M. Clout hier, Reg. N., of the peacetime staff of the Red Cross, directing. Now, 100 English and 35 French classes are operating, mostly on the •Island of Montreal and the Eastern "Townships. During the winter, organization is concentrating on the Montreal area; but when roads open in the spring, the drive will be shifted to country spots as the intention is that classes shall cover Quebec.
The courses are open to women and girls of fifteen up. They last 13 weeks.
Most of the instruction is given by volunteer registered nurses, Victorian Order nurses, and nurses of the Quebec Government county health units lecture demonstrations are also given by a doctor, a dentist and a dietitian of the neighborhood. Stress is laid on demonstration. Classes are held in halls, with sickroom equipment, nurses show how the sick should be handled and students lake part in the actual demonstration.
The curriculum embraces discovering -signs of sickness, remedies for emergency situations, health in the home, care of mouth and teeth, care and comfort of the patient, feeding sick, proper diet fur the health, maternity nursing, postnatal care of mother and infant, treatments not requiring professional assistance, communicable disease, The en- CQyer JS
tire course bristles with pointers useful keep ,he s!ratum o{ air overly-
in any home,	.	, ing the water and prevent the
those who attend #5 per cent. of ..tK‘--stream bed and surrounding ground classes receive cards recognizing that ffom absorbing the heat of the sun they have attended home nursing durj the day Furthermore, the
But the Society emphasizes	in wood ashes dissolved in the
that “this card is not a certificate nor Yearns destroys the aquatic life <t-ies it imply that the student is qualh	which fish feed,
fled to practice this elementary kind o Forest fires eventually affect the nursing for remuneration. It is all doQr of lakes and streams as much «dam home nursing, nothing more,	as the forest floor. There is less
control of run-off water when the forest cover disappears, so that water levels rise and fall more rapidly. Both tend to destroy the aquatic plants and smaller animals on which fish depend for food.
“Forest.V’ L~ys the forest service, “furnish three essentials of wildlife; food, bi protection. Guen wildlife. Forest lires mean tion."
In Studying Paintings
The X-ray, probing beneath the surface of famous paintings, ha? aided modern art students by revealing the technique of old masters and determining the authenticity of questioned paintings, a display of more than 100 photographs at Harvard university’s Fogg art museum showed.
Under the Roentgen or X-ray. the original and retouched parts of a oicture are immediately revealed.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
6
Bible Society Report
Tin and Agateware
lit
a
Short report of the Bible Society can- ; this district and the names of j those who give their time voluntary t..
collect the amounts Harold Hayes. Slnwville S.W Hubert Hamilton, Radford •
Ted Reid. Shaw ville, S.E....
Gussie Draper, Zion .......
Thus students are learning the art i j Kilgour, Yarn) ...............
of restoring damaged parts of paint- Arthur Caldwell, Radford... ings by studying those which a!- Russell Elliott, Charteris
ready have been skillfully retouched. rpiis Stewart, Murrells........
The museum's research depart- R. F. Smith, Shawvilie .... irent also has used both the short Qeo. Palmer, Clarendon, infra-red and long ultra-vio’.ei rays Leslie Dean, Starks Corners, in addition to the X-rays to deter- Dwight McDowell, 7th line . mine whether several questioned £ Corrigan. 5th line .	.
A portrait
£
£
Two Lights for One
The trend toward use of two panes of glass instead of ore has brought added safety on the highway and greater comfort in the home. Automobile safety glass is made by sandwiching a plastic filler between two plates. Window conditioning of residences. gaining in popularity because it saves 20 to 30 per cent in ! coal bills, is accomplished by use of ¦ ! two panes with captive air space \
vas in
l?
£
\\> cany a lai^c assortment of Kitchen Utensils in all the fiU-hionaWe colour combinations. Also a laiye stock of Pails for every purpose, < four own nui.ul.u ture or factory made, all at verv n asnnablv prices.
$U 7
t>
14	10
15	On 24 26 12 15 10 70
3 40 62 10
1 j * ! 1 between
Lû
k
a
a
a
a
And in the
Hides Wanted
a
a
1
9 00 10 U0
Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides
fa
a
paintings were genuine by the colonial artist Copley, when examined under these tools of modern science, showed that another | \jr John H. Murray artist had not only retouched damaged parts, but had painted over the entire original work.
In another case,
artist, realizing that part of a masterpiece which he had “touched up	.	..
was not as good as the original, who had any pirt in miking this on-painted over the entire canvas, thus tribution possible, our si nee rest tlnnks concealing, until the advent cf the for this, another evidence, of their con-X-ray, a valuable piece of work. I tinned interest and ett >rt in support ot
The Roentgen ray will even show what part of a picture has been painted first. It revealed that when i ness artist Niccolo da Foligno painted Near the central figures of one composition, he left the rest to be filled in later bv an assistant.
Tolstoi’s Environment
Tolstoi, the great Russian novelist, came from a family that be-
sbiwviik „«,	! ;>x
____	Dear Mr. Marny—VNe thank vr.u f"r cuitured environment. Educated by
an anonymous |your contribution which we hive just jrrench tutors and at the L’niver-
VVe trust tint you may be
#2)9 41
Total
1
i
LESLIE DALE
a
Shawviile,
Quebec


insure
received.
able to unke known to all our friends
sity offlazan, he gradually cultivated a contempt for academic learning. In later years he renounced a life of ease and for 10 years labored in the fields as an ordinary
workman his writing, subsisting on wha: he earned by farming and making shoes, and associated a'most entirely with the peasants.

ESTABLISHED 1883
r
He refused rr.or.ey for
%
i great cause.
Our wish is that health and Inppi-tnay be rieh'y yours in] the New
INVALID
COACH
>
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
Most sincerely yours,
P». V. MacLean, Secretary British and Foreign . Bible Society

Just a Bit Heavy
Max Silverstein entertained eight guests in his New York home, fried pancakes for them. The guests thought the products nf Max's eu! inary art a little tough, and Max. who ate nine of the pancakes, con
Research Observations | ceded they weren’t as good as usual
During the night Max and his guests
developed internal qualms, sent for a physician. After examining his patients, the canny doctor looked around the kitchen, discovered Max had mistakenly used plaster of paris instead of pancake flour.
Directors of Funeral Service
Forest Fires Decrease
Game and Fish Supply
Shawville, Que.
Scientist Urges Pooling
Phone 83
Fires probably destroy more forest game and fish, directly and indirectly, than guns of all the hunt-and hooks of all the anglers Thus does the United States forest summarize the toll levied on
And
Many of the future major scientific advances will be made in borderline sciences and the men who make them must be masters of two or more opinion
famed b:o-phvsicist.
Dr. Haskins believes there is evidence to indicate that “some of the greatest advances to be made in will be in the so-called borderline fields of science, such as those between mathematics and physics and chemistry, where the advances already have been great, or between biology and all three, where the ground is almost unbroken."
He said that modern chemists, physicists, biologists and other scientists can and must be more .versatile than in the past if they are to make the new discoveries.
“If Paderewski could be at once creative musician and creative statesman, and II. CL Wells at once biologist and famous author, so can other men cross fields of knowledge while refusing to sacrifice quality in any branch, and it will be their business to do it.’’
In borderline fields where pioneering is necessary, Dr. Haskins suggested formation of highly co-opera-
4	I - idlists, each group being permit-
forest* mean , ^ tQ use knowledge of the others aesiruc new cre8«ive work.
ers

§
a
service
wildlife by forest fires, DO per cent of which are caused by users of the woodlands and are largely preventable.
fields of knowledge, in the of Dr. Caryl P. Haskins,
The Hodgins’ Lumber Go.
Reports of game experts tell of natural breeding places of birds and animals, the nests, eggs, and even the young destroyed by fires cool waters of woodland streams, in which so many game fish are found, become too warm when the forest
destroyed. Trees tend to
B
Castor Lubricating Oil
Castor oil as a substitute for foreign lubricating oils is being investigated by the Brazilian government, says a report to the American Chemical society. A special manufacturing process for commercial exploitation on a large scale is under consideration. Castor seeds are produced in quantity in several of the Brazilian states and their exportation represents one of the most important items in Brazilian foreign trade.
B
B
S
B
science
The
B
SAW - LOGS
WANTED
1
B
S
B
B
We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs.
ta
Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
<»’i r«e
j
Denomination for Owls
Painting the belfry of the Presbyterian church in Center Moriches, N. Y., steeplejacks encountered a nest with four young owls in it. The pastor of the church ordered the nest removed to an already painted loft and had leg bahds attached to the young birds proclaiming their “denomination." If the owlets deserted to another church, he examined, their “apostasy" would be known.

Phone 27
'South Onslow Council
X
8
THE HOGGINS' LUMBER COMPANY
Shawville
Quyon, Que., Jan. 29, 1940 A special meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting, all members having •received due notice.
Meeting called for discussion of snow
flowing.
«Members
Quebec
SotOiannDDDEsaaQDQQa^aQC
cut, Ambrose Kennedy
###PAGE###5###
I
Service Announcement
4vl>
The Equity
PRINTING
Shaw ville U sited Church Rev A. F. Fokks B A , HD. IVstor
Sunday, February 4 11 00 a m.—Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3ÎOO p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
Sermon subject :—	„
‘ The Idle Rich in the Church.
7.30	p.m —Service at Shawville.
Missionary talk on the subject “Down North” the story of our work on the
illustrated by 50
NEW WALLPAPERS
Bstablished 1883
EVEllY THURSDAY AT

û
PUBLISHED
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC

Designs of To-day
One hundred and seventeen patterns to choose from.

%
annual subscription
$1.50
6/
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :

Auywhere in Canada To United States.
»

2.00


If you are contemplating papering your
is the time while the stock
20c. per roll up.
All arrears must he paid In full
Is discontinued

e
before any paper
m
rooms, now is new and complete.

*
Labrador coast slides.
w. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER
c
&
Bristol United Church Rgv. C. Armstrono-Salbh, B. D Sunday, February 4
Boot and Shoe Department
Copenhagen Residents
Are Cycle Enthusiasts
Copenhagen has a bicycle for
and one-half inhabitants.
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
$2.25
Mens All-Felt Roots, best quality felt.
“ Felt Boots with Leather Sole.....
Women’s Felt Roots with Leather Sole
10.30 a. m
St. Andrews, Service St Andrews Sunday School 11.30 a. m
2 30 p. m
$2.25
every one And since many of the machines
are tandems and young Danish mothers usually have a baby-carrying contraption rigged on the handlebars, the city could easily go cycling en masse and simultaneous-
J
$2.00
Service
Knox.
Austin
7.30 p. m
Service
9
Kaufman Rubbers
( Life Buoy )
[Kippin]
Mens Î.3 inch Leather Top Rubbers $3.25
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, February 4
8 00 a.m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Lurk’s
2.00 p.m.—Holy Communion Holy Trinity
Service Withdrawn
9
iy
As it is, Copenhagen does practically take to wheel in a body on every summer Sunday. The holiday exodus takes place so rapidly that there are roods where 30.000 bicycles pass a given point in
hour.
Traffic troubles are eliminated by having a system of cycle roads from which both motor vehicles and pedestrians are barred.
The Danish mode of road travel has some advantages over our method of going places. It is free from gas fumes, and it is silent; family parties, squadrons of club i, couples side-by-side with around each others' shoulders drift along with no sound except that of conversation and laughter and song.
J
an
3.00
44
44
44
“ 12 44
(Bruno]
Mens 15 inch Leather Top Rubbers 3.85 “ 12 “
Mens 7 inch All-Rubber Roys All-Rubber Boots, sizes 1 to 5 ....
Youths All-Rubber Boots, sizes 11 to 13
\

the equity
PHONE, 75
3.50
44
<4
44
Parish of North Clarendon Kev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, February 4
r $1.69
1.35
groups
arms
North Onslow, Morning Prayer, 10 30
Evening Prayer
1.25
Johnny Appleseed’s Travels	McKEE NOTES
John Chapman, or Johnny Apple- The sympathy of the people of Me-<eed, traveled through the country Kee is extended to Miss Cecilia Currie-•j!anting appleseed and distributing Mill9, teacher, in the loss of her sister, 3:bie and Sv.edenkcrgian tracts. It ^rs Fairbairn, of Alcove, Que. s'said that he planted his first nurs- j Mi**es Mildred McCann and Zita
Georges Run, Jefferson yp^tin were guests at tea given by Mrs. Thousands of or Leo McCaffrey on Thursday afternoon.
Miss Aileen Smith is spending a week in Ottawa, the guest of Mrs. Manley Glenn.
Miss Margaret McCaffrey has returned to her home after spending the past month visiting friends in Tapper Lake, N. V., and Montreal.
Miss Doris Telford left on Wednesday
Ottawa for the
00
Charters
married
i Life Buoy Overshoes
Mens 4 Buckle Overshoes $2.50
2.00
>
Another l.izard Mystery
g	Hoyoatrs—Bbycb
Sj p.r.xnwuRTH, Sask —of interest here B ! was the marriage sMeiuniz-d in S-iska-h toon, December 27. in the ch tpel of the g; re-organized Church of Jesus Chriat of
£4 ' Cute r Dav S.iints, when Evelyn Bryce, $2.25 & daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. John
S Edmund Birton, became the bride of
Cloth Giflushe. «I» I i £2^ KgS "«S&S* j*
fc j Elder G. A. J rdtin conducted the cere
F mon y.	H
I ! The bride was given in
brother. Mr. John Barton, of On uul.->, and chose a gown of rose satin. S t L.-hicned with butterfly sleeves and t hustle sash with matching accessories.
% brooch which had be-her mother and corsage of
writes D
"Some 46 years ago D. Griswold, uf Valley Center tu the Los Angeles Times, “my brother-inlaw and I were cutting some very large live oaks in what is now Griffith park. In sawing through a 16-inch limb we cut into a cavity out of which fell two lizards about 10 inches long. Now both ends of this cavity were completely sealed by sound wood. The lizards might have entered long before where a i branch had broken off. But at the
made the cut this place solidly overgrown for four or
As we did not count
/
ery on •ounty, Ohio •hards in the Middle West totfa> * ^re due to his foresigh darting the seeds he returned a later to tend the seedlings and t more new nurseries. He died 1345 and above the inscription his grave is carved an apple
n
4 4
44	•;
Aft e
jjFEBVCf
1.50
44
44
1
44
*ur
Trimmed X elet Cioluslies
XVomens Fur
Jersey

44
44
4 4
a Oxfords, Straps and
$1.49 to $1.98 5
Clearii g lines nt W omen
rumps
to accept a position in Winter months.
Ladies’ Auxiliary Meeting
On Thursday afternoon, Jan. llth, Mrs. Jos. Manary entertained the members of the Ladies’ Auxiliary of St.
Church at their regular
marriage by
si/us *U t<
Hi
time we was
five inches
the annual growth rings it is anybody's guess how long the lizards were entirely shut in by the overgrowth. They were almost transparent and very sluggish, but after they had been out in the sunshine for a while they crawled away.”
Spanish Town in France I
“One of the striking anomalies :r. geography,” says the National Geo graphic society, “is that a sir.a.; portion of Spain is entirely surround- Edward’s
ed by France. To put it another | monthly meeting.	.
way, there is a Spanish town (L!:v-	In the absence of the president, the
a) in France. It happened this way :	vice-president. Mrs. Bart Hannaberry,
When the present boundary between	presided.	Reports	of the previous
•k.e two countries was established meeting, which was held at the home of
nearly 300 years ago, it was provid- Mrs. Thos. Martin, was given by the ed that France should have the *vil- secretary. Miss Beatrice Martin, lages’ of the old Pyrenees’ province Mrs. Fabian Trudean gave an inter-of Cerdagne. Llivia, the capital of	esting account of the	rug	making de-
Cerdagr.e, was no village, however,	monstiation	held at	the	parish hall
hut a ‘town’ by charter. So Spain,	which she	attended	on	Wednesday
under the letter of the treaty, re- ! afternoon. It was decided the memburm ained it, together with a fringe of ! make a quilt for a needy family. After and, with the understanding that it the business session of meeting dainty - ,	.	’ should never be fortified by the refreshments were served by the hostess.
After the ceremony a reception was	g	;artis Today a mile-long jieu-	The young people of the community
D j	held at the home ot the bride s sister,	^	^^d. cutting across the	inter-	were invited by the hostess to spend
&	Mr< A K Nelson, where bridal couple	. French territory, ties	Llivia	the evening in dancing. Music was
ved their man) guest?, assisted by	^	^ rest of Spain.”	provided by Messrs. A. Murphy, D.
Dumas and D. Bean.
The next meeting will be held at the home of Mrs, Frank McKee, on Feb. 1st.
M
Men's Department
Men’s Fur Gaps, 5 only......
“ Black Kid Gloves (lined) $1.25
$1.25
69ets
V She wore a saver E longed to i E g d chrysanthemums.
Ê The m iid of honour, Miss \ era Vruce, Si, f SiskAtocn, chose a gown of wine dove crepe with matching accessories and a corsage of mauve chrysanthemums. The wedding march from Lohengrin played by Mrs. G Steeves, of Sask-
$1.49
6 4
14 Brown Kid Gloves
44	Leather Mitts.....
“	Smoked Horsehide Mitts $1.00
$2.75
$1.49

I
Wine for Water
was
“ Heavy Tweed Pants Boys’ Heavy Breeks ......
While water is at a premium in Maputoland, entertaining with champagne costs nothing, travelers arriving in Capetown, South Africa, report. They experienced difficulty
but native
champagne was had for the asking. To the Zulus who live there marsala champagne is a natur national food and beverage. Stretch
belt on the north of Zulu
f the register
During the signing lis> Averti Higgle, Saskatoon, sang
Mr Marsh til
T Love You Truly
Hod gins attended the groom ^ Me<-r< Marvin Diggle and brink Ward, of Saskitoon, were the ushers
o
and
in obtaining water
(iltOCERV DEPARTMENT
25
and
£j cz tin 3 for..
H >wl
G,,ld Medal Tomato Juice :3 l’kgs
Gold Mtdd Vuffee, hall pound tin.... ....
Stewm t s “Vumb ” Huney 4 pound ,-ize tin -
Drink Fruit Juices tor Health
fnice.............................
23
Kellogg Corn Flakes. and Glass
mg in a
land for 60 miles by 50 to 60 miles, the Utopian palm flourishes, producing, as required, either a pote.it j liquor or a pleasant non-alcoholic cordial. If the liquor stands lor 24 j hours it ferments and becomes alco- j holic
that intoxication is an accomp fact in 15 minutes.
25
rece
h I the gnjort# parents g The c 'U[«:e left on a wedding trip to
fter which they will make ---
„ lX,,"‘.'i,Pelts and Hides Wante
ind lv.it of matching
40
Kin ley.
their home in H hid worth
10
Apple
Orange Juive .............
Grape finit Juive. 3 cans tor
Pineapple Juive
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to extend our liealtfelt thanks to all who so kindly assisted and for the words of sympathy and beautiful floral offerings in our l«te
15c	% ; ling sh
B crepe with coat
wnre a
I wish to announce that I am m the market for all kinds of raw pelts— cow hides, horse hides, sheep and calf skins. Highest market prices paid. This week we are paying 10 cents alb. for cow hides.
JsURRIS H, HORNER, Sh twville, Que.
25
In 4fi hours it is so powerful
*
ne
25
town guests were :	Mr. and
The Winter Months are the time for Fish. Ask for | fin'd Lyuu^H'idgins, Mr. M.irehall
Haddock. Herrings. Salmon. Fillets, Winnipeg Goldeye g H;*JJnsanJ Miss Earn Hodgms
fi I
ed
H
2a\K*fot
( hit
t
bereavement
Fame of Lourdes The fame of Lourdes da‘e- from 1858, when the Virgin «appealed to a young girl, Bernadette Foubirous The grotto near which the apparition took place is now surmounted by the magnificent Church of the 1 Rosary, containing a shrine to Oui Lady of Lourdes. The church con- ! tains numerous crutches, tablets and gifts, which memorialize cures credited to the Virgin. A nearby spring which miraculously appeared j at the time of the apparition is di ‘ verted into several basins, in whicl j the pilgrims bathe.
Mr. William Fairbaîrn Mn. and Mrs. Ci krIk-Millh and Family.
Pkoue 43
c '.	-------- —
£	Jinx of Koh-i-noor	,
t Even the British royal family ob- ftj-^ serves 3 superstition about the Xoh-fe i-noor diamond, one of the most famous of the crown jewels. The stone t may be worn by a queen but never 2 by a king. According to a super____	___	» stition, any king who wears the jew-
ITTT'XX'LTIT’ITT'TT’ITTITTTTTTTX'TTX'rTTTTITT'Trr'IliITT IITI ^fiVL lose the rule of India, just as
past male owners of the Koh-i-noor lost their dominion over that realm.
In accordance with this belief, only Queen Victoria, Queen Alexandra, Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth have ever used the stone, which -veighs 106 carats.
TxrlTXTi.TW.TlT-
MacLean’s
RED 6 WHITE STORE
3 Successor to C. F. Hcdgins Co, Limited
M
Serves—The Buyer Saves
“The Owner
Famous Vacation Spot
Was Pirate Stronghold
Armed invasion, pirate plunder and the West Indies setting in the struggle for domination in the New World, in which England, France and Spain were the principal actors, are found in the history of Nassau, capital of the Bahamas.
Today Nassau is typical of the self-governing British colony. Here are found the clean streets, smart colonial police garbed in their sum-khaki shorts, and the tennis
19c
Falcon Baking Powder, 16 oz...
Falcon Cocoa, 1 lb. tin.......
4 lbs. Rolled Oats...........
4 lbs. Ivory Flour............
4 lbs. Wheatena ..............
2 Packages of Iodized Salt....
2 lbs. Clover Honey .........
1 Large Bottle Sweet Pickles ...
4 lbs. No. 1 Spys Apples......
1 Large Tins Catelli’s Macoroni
1	Bottle Alymer Chili Sauce..
4	lb- M.L. Rindless Bacon....
5	lbs. Red Onions............
2	Tins Campbell’s Tomato Soup 2 Tins Alymer Tomato Juice ..
Half Dozen Salt Herrings ....
1 Pkg. Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour 1 lb. Creams or Chocolates Candy 19c
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
19c
19c
Roy G. Fraser
19c
k. k
s
19c
Gifts, Novelties
Panama Canal Zone
The Panama canal was built by the U. S. and is owned and controlled by this country. Both Amer ican and foreign vessels using it pay tolls for the privilege. The United States by treaty with the republic of Panama has a perpetual lease of the Canal Zone and has exclusive control of it. According to the terms of the Hay-Pauncefort treaty of 1901. which prepared the way for its construction, the canal “shall be free and open to the vessels of commerce and of war ot all nations observing these rules, on terms of entire equality.” The treaty stipu lates that a belligerent’s war ves
have tranrit through the canal with the least po ole delay and without taking on stores o'Panama has
Flowers,
... 19c
The all year round tonic for both children and
Tones up the whole system generally, and good tasting too.
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
19c
Phone 160
19c
19c
mer
courts where the English love to mingle social tea with their sports.
The Twentieth century has brought a different kind of invasion to Nassau.
vacationists breezes blowing inland from the West Indies sea, have brought changes to this British colony. Golf clubs which have taken the places of useless forts, swimming pools which have been substituted fc? pirate hideouts, racing yachts which now rule Bahamian waters and Nas-coral beaches are the loo*
adults
19c
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
19c
19c
On
Summer and winter refreshed by the
vite your patronage orders of 81.00 or over, phone
On orders of
19c
us collect 85.00 or over phone us collect
19c
19c
THE CORNER STORE

and we shall prepay
19c
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
sels may
19c

Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
ht
sau s
sought by Twentieth century invad-who desire leisure sports and escape from offices and headlines.
troops
take possession of the car not likely to undertake to ;a«n it by
force. %
Phone anytime between 7 a. m
and 11 p m,
nd is
ers
)
"A
###PAGE###6###
Wf J-m I1”!



if?
4
¦
of robbers. The priests, who ought to have been the holiest men in all Israel, were in the very temple dedicated to God robbing people who came with spiritual burdens, sending them away poorer than before, and disgusted with the whole business.
J4. And the blind and the lame to him in the temple; and
British Bombers Return From Raid On Heligoland
NOTES

RADIO
* -
s




m


mmmam
Bip

NEWS

AND






,

By MADGE ARCHER
%



¦
ytWMgEŒFZ
tF
m -5
* “
ïêM
to Its entertainment forces In tlie person of Captain J. J. Gagnter, Hand mas ter of It. M. Canadian Grenadier Guards, who directs “On Parade” the new military musical show heard on Thursday evenings from S:Ü0 to î»:0(> p.m., K.S.T.. over CUL. Captain Gagnler Is one of t he busiest and most versatile musicians in the Dominion. Desides being conductor of the famous military organization lie Is CPC's Quebec Regional Director of Music, n famous guc-st eonductor and a busy adjudicator in both Canada and the United States. He Is also a composer of repi tatlon and holds the
degree rf Doctor of Music from the
University of Montreal.
INTERFERENCE REMOVED
CBC has at last come to an agreement with the Mexican Government to have the wave-length of XtiUA, the powerful stilt Ion at Villa Acuna, shifted to another channel. Ins means that signals from CHU Toronto, can now be broadcast unimpeded throughout Ontario.
came
he healed them. 15. Hut when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children that were crying in the temple, and raying. Hos-to the son of David; they moved with indignation. The

<

¦



m
* «

.ïi, %ô6a








1
.»V:.«i',«K


;
.

;':S s*

anna

x.
. — • •
were
hierarchical party, who had mostly ignored Jesus hitherto, now work for his destruction, their interests being threatened by this temple, reforming zeal. The chief priests had a monopoly of these sales in the temple, and drew enormous profits from them. 1G. And said unto him, Hear est theu what these are saying? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea: did ye never read. Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou has perfect praise? These children were no doubt who had heard the shouts




m





XKRA lias been u thorn In the side of CHI. for years. The Mexi-etatlon is the most powerful transmitter in the western hemisphere, and is measured at £50,000 watts, it obliterated night reception from CHI. in many parts of the province and seriously Interfered with reception elsewhere. Mexican radio authorities have agreed to it to another channel where



cnn

?


mm*.
, ! mm
:..-gg


1
..


•;:•• ¦ ' _





-At
1
K#







mm



move
Its signals will not affect Canadian outlets.
TO BE HEARD

am
some
at the triumphal entry, and at the sight of Jesus in the temple began to sing out what they had heard.
Saturday, January 27th, !:&«"» l>.m. CBL, Metropolitan Opera ... 10 * p.m., CBL ami (’BY, NBC Symph-. . Jan. 28. u p m., CFUB, N. Y.
. . 8:00 p.m, CBL, The

,
• AROUND THE DIAL
There is a strong rumor that the Chase and Sanborn Hour is soon to be broadcast from New York City instead of from Hollywood. Just when Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Donald Dickson and Robtert Armbruster will pack their bags and fly east is not known.
ony.
Phil. Orch Chase and Sanborn Hour . . . Jan.

S#
y
FARM...
COLUMN
cnv. With the
29., 8:30 p.m Troops in England . . . V:00 p.m., t'FUB, Radio Theatre . . . 10:00
*
s
>
PASTEURIZING WHEY
Importance of pasteurizing in cheese-making was stressed by Frank Hern, secretary-treasurer of the Dairymen’s Association of Western Ontario, in an address to delegates attending the association’s 73rd annual convention.
Eighty-five percent of the 79 factories operating in Western Ontario are now pasteurizing whey, said Mr. Hem, also chief provincial dairy instructor for the territory.
Contented Hour . . .

p.m
a
Jan. 30, 6:20 p.m., CBL, Informa. . 9:00 p.m., CBL,
tlon Please .
Reginald Stewart . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL, Jvfs Concerts Symphoniques . . . Jau. 31, 9:30 p.m., Percy Faith . . . 10 p.m., CBL, Strike Up the Band . . . February 1, 4:15, Roberta Beatty on Trouping the Coun-
Rudy Valleo is not retiring from radio after all. He has just signed up with a new sponsor and will bo heard ou Thursdays at 9:30 p.m., over the NBC red network. Va lice will begin broadcasting as soon as "Good News" follows the example of the Chase and Sanborn flour by going into thirty minutes of show time.
The crews of the English bombers that took part in the raid on Heligoland in December, in which they brought down 12 German planes, are shown, BOTTOM, leaving their planes aftfer returning to their undisclosed base in England. Tnree of the English bombers that took part in the raid are shown taking off at dawn from their base, on the start of the bombing expedition.
8:00 p.m., CBL, Miss Trent's Children ... 8:30 p.m., CBL, On Paredo" ... 9:00 p.m., CBL, Good News . . . 9:30 p.m., CBL. Bing
Crosby.
try
for what he was.
The Temple Cleansed Again
12. And Jesus entered into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the money-changers, and the seats of them that sold the doves. This took place in the large outer court of the temple, separated from the shrine by a stone parapet. (The doves were the sacrifice offering of the poor.) 13. And he said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called a house of prayer: but ye make it a den
symbolised Christ’s triumph and the people’s joy.
9. And the multitudes that went before him, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. 10. And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was stirred, saying, Who is this? 11. And the mutitudes said, This is the prophet, Jesus, from Nazareth of Galilee. The attention of the whole city of Jerusalem was attracted to the coming of Jesus. For at least an hour the people recognized him
# • •
Sunday
School
Lesson
“Pasteurizing is an important point in preventing fruity and off-flavor cheese,” said Mr. Herns. “It has been noticed each year that where, even for a short period, the whey which is to be returned to the milk cans, was neglected to be pasteurized, objectionable flavors were soon noticed in the cheese.”
COOKED POTATOES FOR HOGS A considerable portion of the potato crop is unsuitable for seed or table stock. Various methods of utilizing the cull potatoes have been suggested, and one method is to feed the potatoes to live stock. Potatoes may be fed to practically all kinds of live stock, but apparently they have their greatest feed value when cooked and fed to hogs, states Leonard Griesbacli, Assistant, Dominion Experimental Farm, Fredericton, N.B.
Coast-to eoast radio in Canada has added a striking personality
PRESENT DAY EXPLORER
19 He has
suffered many in his
Answer to Previous Punie
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured explorer, Lincoln 9 He explores regions.
LESSON IV
JESUS DRAMATICALLY PROCLAIMS HIS MESS1AHSHIP
Matthew 21i 1-16.
GOLDEN TEXT.—Behold, thy King cometh unto thee. Matt. 21:5.
In this lesson the perfect character of the Lord Jesus is revealed to us afresh ledge, his infinite tenderness, his holy wrath against unholy things, his compassion for the blind and the lame, his perfect calmness in the midst of forces furiously bent upon destroying him.
Matt. 21: 1. And when they drew nigh unto Jerusualem. Our Lord has spent Saturday and Saturday evening in the home of Mary, Maltha and Lazarus, in the village of Bethany, just over the top of the Mount of Olives. Now comes Christ’s last visit to Jerusalem in the beginning of the week which will terminate in his crucifixion. And came unto Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives. Then Jesus sent two disciples, 2. saying unto them, Go into the village that is over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her; loose them, and bring them unto me. 3. And if any one say aught unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them: and straightway he will send them. We are free to suppose that our Lord has already spoken to the owner of the colt when he sent the two disciples, for nothing in the narrative contradicts this. The owner of the ass seems to have known Jesus, and perhaps was a disciple.
Riding Upon An Aes 4. Now this is come to pass, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet, say. ing, 5. Tell ye the daughter of Zion, Behold thy King ccmeth unto thee, Meek, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass. This prophecy is found in Zech. 9: 9. Two things were intended by the corning of Jesus to Jerusalem in this way. The first was that of official kingly entry, manifestation of his Kingship to the crowds of Jerusalem. And yet, secondly, Jesus went in this way to exhibit not merely his kingliness, but his meekness. (That the King Messiah should come to Zion riding on an ass meant, for the Jewish people, that he was to have a kingdom not of this world).
The Triumphal Entry 6. And the disciples went, and did even as Jesus appointed them. And brought the ase, and the colt, and put on them their garments; and he eat thereon. 8. And the most part of the multitude spread their garments in the way; and others cut branches from the trees, and spread them in the way. John’s account ef this event (12: 18) informs us that the branches were from palm-trees. The palm, in those days, was regarded as the

(=<

OL
work.
22	Kind.
23	Calcium.
25 Toothlike projection.
27 Hurried.


i

0

L
12	Coupled.
13	Venerable.
15	Bone.
16	Belonging to the arum
family.
17	Robin.
18	To crush.
20	Encountered.
21	Climbing plant.
23 Eccentric wheel.
| This Curious World
SUM
i
iHOEi
Y
By William Ferguson
1
mild»;
IsMIljS
MA LIU!
P
E
N
his perfect know-
28	Nothing.
29	To commence.
30	Wager.
32	Battering machine.
33	Unit.
36 Venomous snake.
39	Sun.
40	To walk with short steps.
41	Plant.
42	Journey.
43	Seasamc.
N
I


CAFF
k

RO
i
DO'N
OR; WA PiOlS s
F
I 'GIVE
AiS'SiE
i
I
It has been demonstrated by many feeding trials at various institutions that four pounds of boiled or steamed potatoes will replace approximately one pound of ground barley, when fed in a balanced ration to hogs.
40	Note in scale. 3 Booty
41	To halt.
42	Point.
24 You and me. 43 To labor.
44 Festive.
47 Sea eagle.
43	Fodder vat 49 His chief
;
wl.
r#
4	Snow glider.
5	Marriage.
6	Alleged force.
7	Lean.
8	Hourly.
9	Pair.
interest now is 10 Earthy matter. 44 Guinea.
45 Note in scale.
a


25	Blockhead.
26	Burden. .
27	Railroad.
28	Throat.
30	Evil.
31	A beverage.
33	Upon
34	Being.
35	Seasoning.
36	Blackbird.
37	Type measure
38	Valuable property.

i
A



zf
V
Indians Receive Medical Services
11 Onager.
14 Paid publicity. 46 Portion of a 16 He once
explored with 47 Greek letter.
48	Spain.
49	Like.
50	Credit.
51	Preposition.
in

52	He uses----
in exploring.
53	Crappie.
VERTICAL
2 Stringed instruments.

curved line.
BEAVERS


4k

; v
HAVE BEEN KNOWN TO BUILD DAMS CONTAINING
17	Flying mammal
18	Crazy.
Five Hundred Doctors and Dentists Are Employed In Looking After Health of Canada’s Redskin Population

w
r
à

7
2
A
HUNDRED
TONS
OF EARTH, STICKS AND STONES.
SOMETIMES < ONLV ONE EVE OF A
In safeguarding the health of the Indian population, the Dominion Government Indian Affairs Branch employs about five hundred doctors and dentists on whole or parttime work, and has several hospitals ol its otrn and a small but. ef-
i
i
GOLDFISH
Vi
I
0
WHILE THE OTHER REMAINS NORMAL. A


!6
Helent field nursing service supplier medicine both by central purchase and local proscription, and engages in every activity relating tu-ihe health of about 118,009 Indians living in aljput eight hundred separate communities in Fau-
lt
x\
;x
//
CUrn. ,937 IY NEA SERVICE. INC

HELMS DO NOT
LAY
THEIR. EGGS/

5b
%

ada
to!
THEV DROP THEM FROM A STAA/D/AJG-POSITION.
New Hospitals
The new Fisher River Indian Hospital will servo a community of about 1,500 Indians, which formerly had to send hospital patients to Winnipeg. This and the new hospital at Dynevor, Man., are being es tablished ns a means of providing needed care for sick Indians at a cost less than that of admitting them to public institutions.
VVV
m

9A

THE peculiarity in the eyes of telescope goldfish docs not appear in very young fish, urd may not be noticed for several years, but it usually develops at about six months of age. The monstrosity is characterized by an elongation of the eyeballs, in the
direction of the optic axis.
NEXT: Is the hippopotamus a fresh or salt water animal?
ITT

is
2



By J. MILLAR WATT
POP — Singular
y v
HOW ON EARTH DID THEY KNOW I WAS COMING HERE-
5 £
?
Easa
SLOW
m




#
THIS
MEANS
YOU
t
1LM
H
h
f.
t

YOU
I
i
4
u-
©
€
/
5
v
r
/

>

X
% ÿÇ
A
X


v.v

2
]
P-4
%
V
jrmbol of victory and triumph.
Sis branches etrewa ip his wap
j

i



###PAGE###7###
cestovs are a pretty fine lot. I'm constantly being filled with a sense of how good they were.”
Former War Secretary Inspects Canadian Troops In Eng.
TIRED FEET
Seventy-first Annual Meeting
Royal Bank of Canada
f/
ts>
“Genealogy makes history real,” she said. “It reduces it to the individual. How much more fascinating historical events become when you actually know that your flesh and blood took part in
Unprecedented Business Activity With Maximum Employment Foreseen By Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing
Reviews Canada's Relation to War
’ll

Can Per-
own them
Names carry impressions of family characteristics. She has got so, when she hears a name, she automatically classifies the individual. She also attaches great importance to heredity.
Director
haps Do More Than Any Other Empire Country To Strengthen Britain’s Position.
A
f

I
Sydney G. Dobson, General Manager, Reveals Assets of Bank Highest in History — Continued Progress Shown — Foreign Exchange Control Working Smoothly
I
tos
i
j
“Roth my grandparents were related to the Thaeher family of New England,” she said. “For generations back they have been scholars and clergymen. I find myself strangely drawn to all bran dies of theology and anything per taining to the classics.”
A striking comparison between the Canada of 1914 and to-day with particular reference to the important economic contribution this country can make to the allied cause were features of the address given by Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, at the Seventy-first Annual Meeting of The Royal Rank of Canada.
“Canada,” he said, “is in a position to contribute assistance to the cause in truly impressive proportions, to an extent, in fact, that may decisively turn the balance if the other contending forces are anything like equal.”
PROGRESS SINCE 1914
Since 1914 Canada's economic structure had been virtually transformed, stated Mr. Wilson, from one based mainly on agriculture to one of great diversification in which manufacturing played a leading roU*. He predicted this trend would undoubtedly an even greater stimulus if the present conflict is prolonged.
“In our past crop, yields were again abundant, the total wheat crop for all Canada falling but little below half a billion bushels. Thus the Second World War finds us in a unique position to continue as the 'Granary of the Empire.'
“While Canada's manufacturing industry played a noteworthy role in the production of munitions during the last war, should the need arise, we shall be able to outatrip greatly anything wc were able to do at that time.
“The iron and steel industry,* which under war-time stimulus reached a peak of a million tons of pig iron annually in 1918, has doubled its potential output. Aircraft manufacturing has assumed important proportions, and the groundwork has been laid for rapid expansion.
Feathers Bought
the Empire or any other country with the single exception of the United States.”
BUY ALLIED GOODS
Mr. Wilson emphasized particularly the need for buying a maximum amount of goods from Great Britain and France. “In this way,” hu said, “funds will be made available for the purchase of wheat and • war supplies in Canada, leaving the gold and foreign exchange reserves of Great Britain for use as a last resort.
Everything possible must be done to stimulate Canada’s exports with a view to commanding purchasing power abroad. “We are in an absolutely unique position to supply goods to Great Britain and France. This must necessarily lead I to business activity such as we have not previously known.
TOURIST TRADE
“It seems to me also that the war affords Canada a unique opportunity to develop further its tourist trade. It therefore behooves our governing bodies to bring the unquestioned attractions of Canada as prominently as possible to the attention of prospective visitors from the United States. In normal years, tourists spend as much as $250/300 million in Canada. This trade is thus an important factor in our international balance of payments. As a means of strengthening our economy and providing foreign exchange, our efforts to attract tourists should he redoubled.”
BUSINESS PROSPECTS
Mr. Wilson reported that in spite of disturbing conditions business I during 1939 was reasonably good 1 and maintained a level well above I that of 1938.
“If for any reason peace should come within a comparatively short time, we would soon revert without difficulty to the not unsatisfactory conditions which prevailed before the outbreak of hostilities. If the war should continue for a protracted period—and this is the basis on which our plans must of necessity be made—1 think we shall have a period of unusual industrial activity. But as we prosecute the war, wc must not lose sight of the readjustments which will follow the return of peace. If our precautions arc well-planned and adequate, the hesitation in our progress will not be great.”
GENERAL MANAGERS ADDRESS
Mr. S. G. Dobson, General Manager, in review iff*» the Bank’s balance sheet remarked that the general progress of the bank dur,ng the year reflected an upturn in business which began in the Summer and which under the stimulus of war orders became quite active in the Fall of the year. The balance sheet was particularly noteworthy, he said, in that the totals shown under cash assets, securities, total assets and deposits were at the highest figures recorded in the history of the hank. Total assets now standing at SI,014,708,313 were the highest on record, this b(4hg the second occasion in the bank’s history on which they had crossed the billion dollar mark.
Mr. Dobson reported a greater demand for Commercial loans in Canada and that the total under this heading was now $212,627,311, an increase of $14,424,408.
Profits for the year showed a moderate increase but, taxes now borne by banks had become a real burden. “These totalled in the ease of The Royal Bank $1,967,751,” he said, “a very heavy charge considering the bank’s earnings and equivalent to 70c for every dollar paid shareholders. Everyone concedes that special taxation is necessary if we are to do our part in winning the war hut the amounts 1 have mentioned represent ordinary peace-time taxes only.”
FOREIGN EXCHANGE CONTROL
Foreign Exchange Control was now operating smoothly, said Mr. Dobson in spite of its very wide ramifications and the responsibility with which the banks were faced at the outset of interpreting the regulations to the public. “The manner in which this new, and at first complicated, machinery was handled was most creditable,” said Mr. Dobson.
in conclusion the General Manager foresaw greater business activity during 1940 under the impetus of waz orders, greater employment and more general distribution of purchasing power.
I

Canadian Feather & Mattress

Co
41-47 SPRUCE ST., TORONTO


\

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

# e

# #
•+
musical
AGENTS WANTED
!
BARGAIN! 100 popular radio cowboy songs, with round-up cartoons, only 25c postpaid. Empire Novell Ik*. IVtorhoro, Ont.___________
127 HOMEWORK PLANS
«
BE YOUR OWN BOSS. THESÏ plans can be worked anywhere Particulars free. Guardian Ex change. 971 College St.. Toronto


l’inooN u
Il 4 II Y i'll H K S
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF EASILY, inexpensively Home remedy. Tost i moniale Guaranteed Advice free Rnrlielt's Box 1 Winnipeg.
SB®
GOES IN 13RAY CHICKS _ the Chicks go out. "Hold tKelr own on any Prize Exhibition,“ says Mrs. E. Darby. Ontario, of hers. 2 Hatches weekly; limited number started chicks. Chick Guard free with 200 chick orders. Catalog*. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. X.. Hamilton, Ontario.
RELIEF,
Wltll
receive
are you ruptured
comfort positive support our advanced method. No elastic
Write Dept.
I
or understraps or steel. Smith Manufacturing Co 219, Preston, Ontario.
f
'111I 111 I I I
Leslie Hore-Beleisha, former British Minister of War, is shown here as he recently inspected troops of the First Canadian Division who arc at present completing their training in England.
YOU CAN SAVE UP TO 4*10.00 PER thousand on your chicks providing you order from us by mail. Send for free catalogue to-day. Compare our quality, compare our prices. «Trade A White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, White Minorca*. Black Minorca.-. Anconas, $9.45; 99 per cent. Pullets, $20.90; Barred Rocks, New Hampshire Reds. Rhode Fsland Reds, Hybrids, several crosses, $9.90; Pullets, $10.90; Cockerels. $0.00; White Rocks, White Wyandot tes, Light Sussex, Jersey Black Giant-. Black Aust-rolorps, $10.40; Pullets 516.90; Cockerels, $0.9'). Twaddle Chick Hatcheries. Limited, Fergus, Ont.
STOPS RUPTURE. GUARANTEED flat, self-adjusting springs understraps, $4.50, Free Trial. Fleming, 1009 Granville, Vancouver, B.C.
No
SEEDS
the regimental black sheep thought deeply for a few minutes, then turned to his pal.
“Ah, well,” he muttered, “I've never made a graven image, anyway.”
SEED DEALERS — GROWERS — Secure Highest Market prices. Sample to Harry Fisher, 308B Jarvis Street, Toronto._____________
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
.SONG BIRDS
YORKSHIRES AND BORDER FAN singers, $7.25; Warbler Hens ; gingers, $5.00. Miss Bonsch-kowsky. Carmnngay, Alta._
§{=
Dentiste are people who bore you to tears.
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
Q. Isn’t It well to know the various flower symbols for each month?
A. Yes. A list of flowers characteristic of each month often comes in handy when planning a party. Here they are: January, carnation; February, primrose; March, violet; April, daisy; May, lily-of-the-valley; Juue, rose; July, sweet pea; August, gladioli; September, aster; October, dahlia; November, chrysanthemum
LUNCH ROOM, WELL EQUIPPED, seats 48, soda fountain, tobacco and confectionery cases 15,500, will sell for $2,500. For information address Mi*. Henry, 65G _ Davenport Road, Toronto.
CHESTERFIELDS FOR SALE
TWELVE REMNANTS — $1.00
Cost
ALL WOOL REMNANTS — FINEST men's suiting material, minimum •ize 9" by 56” and larger. Mailed Collect. Money-buck Guarantee. Aronoff Bros., Ltd., 274A Demon-tlgny East, Montreal.
Little Winnie had evidently been thinking hard as she sat on mother’s knee before the fire. Presently she asked:
“Mother, why did you marry daddy
Mother looked at her sadly and sighed.
“So you've begun to wonder, too, have you?”
MINERALS VITAL IN WAR
“War power to-day depends largely on minerals, particularly metals. The expansion of the Can. adian output of such products since Jt)14 Ifas been spectacular. In 1914 Canada produced 773,000 fine ounces of gold. In 1939 production was nearly seven times as much as in 1914. Nickel increased from a production of 45% million pounds in 1914 to 227 million pounds in 1939. Copper production haa increased eight-fold during the past 26 years. Lead output is eleven times as great. Zinc production has gone up from 22 million to 381 million pounds. The output of aluminium is eleven times as great, and when plant extensions now under way are completed, production will be increased to nearly fourteen times what it was in 1914.”
“To-day Canada is a very different nation from the young unseasoned country that went into the last war.
WAR AND CANADIAN ECONOMY
“It seems to me quite clear that we have facing us the prospect of maximum employment. Unless our enemies collapse through deterioration of morale before their economic and military resources are exhausted, the decision in the present conflict will depend largely upon economic staying power.”
“Never before in our history haa it been so important that every one of us should practice thrift and industry. If the time comes when unemployment is no longer a problem, we may find ourselves compelled to curtail luxury and other non-essential industries to make way for more essential production. Furthermore, capital and other ex. penditures, public or private, not directly related to winning the war, nor essential to keeping our economic machine functioning efficiently, should be definitely discouraged. It is to be hoped that under these circumstances, labour and wage disputes will be completely avoided. Those who are fortunate enough to remain at their regular employment in Canada must not exploit the situation for their own ends. Capital must also be willing to contribute its full share. Some industries, of course, will be adversely affected by the war, but the majority will undoubtedly experience a great stimulus. The benefits therefrom must not be retained by stockholders except to a normal degree. The Government has devised a sound system of taxing excess profits, but It is also essential that any attempt at profiteering should be ruthlessly suppressed.”
In view of the strides which had been made since 1914, Mr. Wilaon bulieved that Canada, “can do perhaps more than any other part of
CHESTERFIELDS — $1 WEEKLY. We pay the freight, all you pay !e a rock-bottom price for cheat#:, fields from Toronto's largest titrèrent pieces chairs and modern stool to match, rebuilt and upholstered In brand new repp and tapes, tapestry coverings. spring filled back, cushions. attractive design, only $49. Another bargain, originally expensive suites, thoroughly reconditioned. $29.60. Send $10.00 now. balance $1.00 weekly, w freight to your station, tlon or your money back. Royal Chesterfield Mfgrs., 68 Richmond East, Toronto.
r It A1X ED I) KTKCTI V KS
»>»>
AMBITIOUS MEN 17 AND OVER wanted immediately for secret-service and detective work, complete training course by correspondence. Free Information. Write to C. M. Julien. Box 25. Station T. Montreal.
chesterfield. 2
December, holly or
poinsettia.
Q. Isn’t it the duty of the hostess
into their
Out of ninety thousand women, there will be eighty-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-four who will read this. The other six will be blind.
USED CAR AND TRUCK I*ARTS
to assist her guests wraps when they are leaving?
A. Not unless the guests are very elderly or crippled.
Q. Is it all right to rest the left on the table while eating?
A. While this is often done, it. is
e pay the Satiefac
PARTS FOR EVERY MODEL AND make. All taken down ready to ship. Every part guaranteed or meney refunded. No order too big. No order too small. Osier Auto Parts, 95 Osier Avenue, Toronto.
arm
EDUCATIONAL
Along a country road came a $7,000 limousine. As it caught up with a small car, the owner of the big car could not resist the temptation to slow down and jolly the other fellow a bit. “Heavens, man,” he said, “what is it about your car that makes .such a dreadful rattling sound
“That? Oh, that’s the $0,500 jingling in my pocket,” replied the small car driver.
FURNITURE FOR SALE
STUDENTS NUW ENROLLING FOR courses in Matriculation, Short Story. Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Culture. Ifako use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902). 229 Yonge Street, Toronto.
not correct.
q. What could really be called true politeness?
A. Chesterfield’s definition is: "True politeness is perfect ease and freedom. It simply consists In treating others just as you love to be treated yoi rself.”
Q. When you are invited to an out-of-town wedding, where you must stay over night at a hotel, who should pay the hotel bill?
A. You should pay this bill, without even else might do so.
Q. What are a few appropriate closings when a woman is writing a letter to an intimate friend?
A. Affectionately you vs, Devotedly yours, Lovingly yours.
LYONS
JANUARY CLEARANCE RE-CONDITION LU FLMX ITURE
Every article completely reconditioned end guaranteed thoroughly, clena end sold with a punitive mo ey-fcnek guarantee of entlefactlon.
Solid oak Dining Room Suite,
ELECTRIC MOTORS
•Ml
18.50
ELECTRIC MOTOR. 2 H.P„ ALSO several other sizes. Jones * Moore Electric, 296 Adelaide St.
W„ Toronto.
buffet,
table and 6 leather seat chairs. oC ftfl burned oak Dining Suite, Av.vv buffet, extension table and I leather upholstered chairs, an fin Complete oak Dining Suite, Jy.UU buffet, china cabinet, extension table and 6 leather seat chairs. JQ nn Walnut finish Dining Suite, •ty.VV buffet, china cabinet, extension table and ti leather seat chairs.
(LQ fin Beautiful English oak Suite, Uy.UU perfect condition, buffet, cabinet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
7Ç nn 8o 1 id walnut Dining Suite. / J.w buffet, extension table, ehlna cabinet, and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
extension
FARM EQUIPMENT
FANNING MILL (KLINE) FAR1T-ers say best seed grader; wild oat separator, testimonials. Kline Manufacturing, Islington, OnL
hoping” that someone
Fun Hunting For Ancestors
FILMS — PRINTS
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with each order. Films developed and printed by- experts, 25c; reprints 10 for 25c. Nu-Way Photo Service, Station "A", Toronto.
Girl Says Genealogy Is Very Much Worth While « dity Very Important
Here-
Beautiful walnut Dining Suite, large buffet, china cabinet, extension table and 0 leather seat chairs.
FOR SALE
89.00
Hunting ancestors is her business and in the last 22 years Mabel Thachet Washburn, of New York City, has traced literally thousands of them, good and bad.
From her long experience Miss Washburn finds “on the whole an-
O
PACKING PLANT SITUATED IN the centre of the city of Ottawa, completely equipped modern packing plant, 2-storey brick building and outbuildings, 11 refrigeration room» Lindy refrigeration equipment, electric holet, slice™, scales, etc. First-clasa condition; reasonable. Apply — J. T. Guerin, 125 Rideau Street, Ottawa. Telephone 6-0764.
Large 10-pioce Dining Suite (cost new $675.). buffet, china cabinet, extension table, serving cabinet, and ti chairs with seats and backs upholstered in blue mohair.
139.00
Have You Heard
i
Odd Buffets and Dining Room Tables in oak or walnut finishes.
o QC and up. Large assortment of O.yJ 0dd China Cabinets.
Bedroom Suite in two-tone walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, and full size bed with less spring.
6.95
USED DIESEL POWER UNITS, 37 H.P., Blackstone, complete; 48 HP. Blackstone, nearly new, PD
Save money, Hanna’s
39.00
New York’s Senator Koyal S. Copeland, who is also a physician, tickles the funny-bones of his dinner companions with this medical
40, International write for prices to-day International Diesel Dept., Guelph Ontario.
sag
Complete Bedroom Suite, In rich walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
Beautiful Bedroom Suite In the new bleached walnut finish, with waterfall fronts, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
AQ nn Large Bedroom Suite, In eo-U7.VV Hd walnut, beautiful dreamer, chlffrobe, full size bed. eagles# spring and spring filled mattress.
Modern walnut Bedroom Suite, (cost new $350.), large dresser, chiffonier, vanity, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress. Perfect condition.
C QC and up. Large
Dressers, Dressing Tables and Chests in various finishes.
OQC Chesterfields in repp and mo-°ehair covers, Marshall con s traction.
44 Cn 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, lT.vv j„ brown mohair, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions. 77 Cn Apartment size Chesterfield guite, 3 pieces upholstered In blue shade figured velour versibJe Marshall spring 70 AH Large 3-piece A7.VV suite, upholstered in flgur ed repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions. Perfectly clean.
7 C nn Large 3-piece brown mohair JJeVv Chesterfield Suite, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions. Completely reconditioned.
4 C nn Studio Couch, upholstered W.W i„ figured homespun, arms back and wardrobe, o QC and up. I-argo a-sortment of Kitchen Cabinets, with porcelain sliding tops, vniious finishes Buy With Oufldvuve All mervheadlwe sold nlih a positive
m
45.00
MACHINERY FOR SALE
yarn
A man who had been bitten by a dog found that his wounds didn’t heal and consulted a doctor. The j physician, alarmed by the appearance of the wound, had the dog caught and examined. The dog had rabies. As it was too late to give the man a serum, the doctor told him he would have to die of hy-dophobia. •
The poor man sat down at a desk and began writing. The physician sought to comfort him.
“Perhaps it will not be so bad,” ha said. “You needn’t make your will now.”
“I’m not making my will,” replied the man. “I’m writing out a list of people I’m going to bite.”
59.00
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker, wherever there are locks to be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A R. Williams Machinery Co., Ltd., 14 Front St., West, Toronto.
<

i

II A !<!>> APPLE | REES
95.00

HARDY APPLE TREES — 50 UTS. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nursery. growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals. Write Immediately requesting sensation, al offerings. Tobe's Treery, Nla-gara-on-tbe-Lake. Ontario.
%
c&efydhti
assortment of
y
Every 1 lb. and X lb. package of Upton a Tea carries a valuable coupon. Save
OFFER IO INVENTORS*
AN UPPER lo EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered, Patent Attorneys, Bank Street. Ottawa, Canada.

fully. They are exchangeable for beautiful Wm. Rogers & Son k Silverplate. Write I for Premium Book to Thomas ' J. Lipton Limited, Lip ton Building, Toronto.
Re
cushions.
Chesterfield
%
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS

v \
“You’ve been married for years,” said the young wife. “Can you tell me the best way te held a husband?”
And the old frau nodded: “Sure, by the ear, by the hair, or by the throat.”
New
SPECIALIZING IN HEIILILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS, Hydraulic HoleU, W Inches, Generators, Start-era, Magnetos, Carburetors. Radiators — Exchange Service, Glean — Satisfaction or refund. Levy Ante Perte, Toronto.	_________
Used
The apparatus, attached to s parachute, may be ast to open It automatically at any time after the jump.
It was asserted the device wu “Infallible” and greatly increased the safety of parachutists.
The three brothers, named Dor-onin, are engineers.
Use ‘Alarm Clock’
To Release ’Chute
16
1
I
The Russian air force is adoptai arm clock” release for
FOR SALE LARGE GREAT DANE MALE, I months. $13.00. Toy Bull females. Bronze turkeys. Storrings, Tam-worth, Ontario._______________________
At church parade the gloomy padre had spoken about the wages #f sin, and had freely quoted the Ten Commandments.
Coming out of the churchyard,
1111:111
*»f an
para.-hutes. Honora have been conferred on three brothers who Invented it.
Maney-bnvls g im run ire »f unllafae
tlun.
LYONS FURNITURE CO
478 Yonge St., Toronto
*
1
1
ISSUE NO. 4—'40
###PAGE###8###
?
.

Stark 8 Corners United Church Annual Meeting
Look Here
MARRIED
Wilson’s Garage
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Martin—Elliott
The marriage of Mi»4 Hay Elliott, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Elliott, of Shawville, to Frederick Martin, son cf Mr. Isaac Martin and the late Mrs. Martin, of Campbell's Cay, was solemnized Saturday, January 20th, by Uev. Donald Andrews, at the rectory, Campbell’s Hay.
Mr. and Mrs Herbert Martin, brother and sister-in-law of the biid*groom, were the attendants.
The bride was wearing a smartly fashioned dress of rust crepe with black accessories.
January Clearing’s
f Stark's
The an mini meeting ! Corners United church was held on Friday in the church hall with a good attendance. Rev. A 1 F. Pokes was in the * liait report of the Session -bowed 11 i members added to the congrega-! lion, 17 baptisms and one faunal.
The church Trea-urer, Mrs. Karl Fulford reported receipts of $ R>().0() of which	\va« for. missions;
and the -mall deficit was made up during the meeting I Association report given .by Mrs. 11 Wilson, show eel $2*17.00 rai-ed ! and a balance on hand of $dl).MO ; the Y.P.U. reported through Miss Stella Fill ford. 2*3 members and $511.MO raised with a small balance ; the Sunday School report given by Clive Smart -bowed an average attendance of 50 and all obliga lions met
on the new church ball built last year with $200.00 paid on the debt, leaving only $200.00 yet to be met I am prepared to purchase green or I The election of officers resulted peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, I as follows Session, John A F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, Dean and Harvey Wilson ; Man or delivered to road side for pick-up agers, Irwin Smart, Win. Cl ick, by trucks Phone or write,	Leslie Detui, C lifTord bill lord, Hert
Stark, John Cunningham ; ushers, Hubert Elliott
Clive Smart, Leslie Dean, Moi ley Wilson ; i .
Palmer and Mis. P. Fillator ; re
cording secretary, Leslie Dean ;
treasurer, Harvey Wilson ; repre-
u . t ^ \r ,^r> , d	« tentative to Presbytery, L. A
being Lot Nus. lob and lit, bango ! Smart ; alternate, Hubert Elliott ;
d* Township of bristol, containing L>0 Sunday School Superintendent, H
acrca, more or less. Situated seven Wilson ; Sunday Selu>ol secretary
miles east of Shaw ville and fronting on | Clive Smart,
No. 8 Highway, Reasonable price for
cash.
The Same Reliable Service

O
The
WANTED — About 500 good sound Cedar Posts, K feet long, not less tliau’U Inches at top end. Applj to DUNCAN
Campbell, simwviiie.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Made-to-Measure Suits
FOR SALK—Several Colle Flips for Mile. Re.nly for delivery now. $1.0(1 each Apply to KENNETH [SMILEY, H R. No, 1, Shaw ville, Quo.
Ford Service
Now is the time to purchase a new suit tailored by the Baker Tailoring- Company of Hamilton, Opt.
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
the Womans
FOR SALE—One (hiving horse, four-vears-old. Apply to Percy Rau.antyni-: Maryland. Quo. Phone 8—11.
J. P. Wilson
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Cain—Shea
A vny pretty wedding was solemnized at St. John the Evangelist Church, Campbell's Bay. on Saturday morning, January 20th, by Bev. Father E. T- McNally, when Mis? Dorothy Mary Shea, daughter of the late Mr. and Mi’s. Wiliam Shea, of Campbell’s Bay, was united in marriage to Pie. Harry Cain, of the R C.A.S.C., late of Campbell’s Bay The bride was wearing a smartly designed daytime frock in regimental blue with touches of American Beauty. She wore a black off the face model Straw hat trimmed with blue and rose veil, and a corsage of carnations and roses.
The witnesses were Herbert Shea, of Grace field, brother of the bride, and A. H. O’Connor, of Campbell’s Bay, uncle of the bride.
Following the ceremony, the immediate relatives repaired!to the home of Mr. and Mrs. A. O Connor, uncle and aunt of the bride, for the wedding breakfast.
Letts—Gillies
At the Anglican Church parson age, Campbell's Bay, on Friday.
I January 19th, by Rev. Donald ! Andrews, when Katherine Sadie Gladys Gillies, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs Ernest Gillies, to Leonard Cecil Letts, son of Mr. and Mrs Hubert Letts, both of Campbell’s Bay.
The bride, who was unattended,
| wore a navy blue daytime frock fashioned on simple lines with black accessories.
The happy couple left on Saturday morning for a shot t trip and on their return will take up residence in Campbell’s Bay.
FOR SALE or EXCHANGE - One Mare rising two years old, will sell for reasonable cash price or exchange fur work horse. Apply to Rchsell Elliott, (Jlmrterls, Que. Phone Ü0-31.
Leslie Dean repotted
We are giving- a 10 per cent, discount on all orders in January.
Pulpwood Wanted
FOR SALK—Dwelling house situated
At Stark’s Corners, includes I.ot 120 feet by 200 feet, six room house, B.C. fir finish, woodshed, sum me* kitchen and tiled well. For further particulars apply to, C. B. Fui.ford, Cowansville, Que.
' y /
WIND CHARGER-Harness the wind and turn it into eleetrlcily by having a new wind charged made and installed at a very small cost, and terms if desired. All work fullv guaranteed
J: M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Alvin Brown,
Phone 76
organist, Mrs. Wesley
Apply to
HOWARD DROWN, R, 2, Shawville. Rhone 0-15.
Farm For Sale
Phone, 43
Fur Pelts Wanted
I wish to announce to the public that 1 am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS H HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
New Device Will Talk*
But Encounters .Difficulty
DUNCAN CAMPBELL,
Shawville, Que
Sir Richard Paget, inventor of a machine that talks, seems to have confused for a time his inventive genius and his ultimate goal; but out of his works may come in the The County of Pontiac L,O.L. will | end an improvement in methods of hold its annual meeting in the Orange ! human speech. His machine feeds
Phone 43
Annual County Meeting Loyal Orange Lodge
FOR SALE
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
“ 2.*i 000 " Shvets Galvanized Steel Roof-
r* ii tn« ia	.	- .	,	.	.	ing ord i nnry ami Council Standard. Styvl
Hall, .Shawville, commencing at 1U ! air through a tube to various mouth- | ri lgeand rafter lengths for estimate.
o’clock, a m., Feb. Gib. Masters and | pieces, and by pressing the bellows other Lodge delegates are requested to with his foot and placing a thumb attend this meeting.	| before the orifices he makes the |*
apparatus utter a few simple words, say? the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin & All right so far; but it is the ha/dest way to talk et” demonstrated with success On the other hand, F r Diehard philosophizes that, culturally, human speech is thousands of years Joseph Da gênais a life-long 1 behind the times. He notes that resident of Otter Lake district, speech is the natural result of ges-died in his deep Thursday night turcs of the mouth and jaws, capa-He was in his SOth year.	, ble of 144 variations, but that the
In good health until the time ot I Unper arm. forearm, wrists and fin-his death, Mr. Dagenais passing came as a great shock to his many friends.
Jh\ Leopold Renaud, coroner for Pontiac county was called and attributed death to natmal causes.
Pi edeceased by his wife 15 years
ago, lie i< survived by four sons,,	,	t1	4	,	.	.	....
John, Paul, Many and Prosper, all more popular if all announcements resulted as iollows
of Otter Lake • four dmurliteie were broadcast by a robot voice. President, Mrs. llimnns Mean ;
Mrs. A. Cd^tonguay, of	Ottawa ;	' All would sound	alike: no peculiar	vice president, Mrs. Kyle Smiley ;
Mrs. Leo Dagenais, of	Lauréat,	hates would be	attached to voices	secretary. Mrs. Thomas Ligget ;
Que ; Mrs. S'las Johnson, Camp-	under general classifications of silly,	treasurer, Mis. Harry Ho Ignis.
hell’s Bay. and Mrs.	Matthew	raucous, nasal,	flippant, guttural,	Ihe meeting closed with the
Mayhew, of Otter Lake.	stomachic. Elimination of vocal per- Benediction.
ÏXSSX % L*WKsataar«3=a
could do the trick.
On the hustings a good, durable I Annual Meeting of Shawville
United W. M. S.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd 1335 Dvlorimler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
Rkxford Wilson, Co. Master Norval Kilooi/k, CV>. Sec’ty.
Phone,278
St. Alban s Church Guild
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
*
Joseph Dagenais
Dies in His Sleep
At His Home m Otter Lake
The annual meeting of St ban’s Ladies' Guild met at the home of Mrs. Harry Palmer with a good attendance of members Rev. T. Ligget opened the meeting with prayer.
Minutes of last meeting . were read and approved.
,	, p* .	I In the absence of the Treasurer
gers together can make <00,000 ges- the Secretary read a report of the lures. To complicate speech by sign year> work. which showed a language would generally annoy all Lreijjt balance after donating $62. except tourists in a strange land, but t() the warden for the Stipend the talking machine has a mission guarantee, if finally perfected.	.
Radio, for example, would become the election of
Al
Oahu, Tiny Pacific Is!e,
Has U. S. Military Value
Modern mil it; strange chapter
i
Mrs. William Fairbairn
Edward Graham Dies at His Home in Foxwarren, Man
a
__	e quiet, al-
ci,	.."TT-,	1 I most primitive, northwestern shore
Mr. Edward Graham, aged ^11 line of Oahu, row considered the
ESsSSfe
with his wife and family to ail, 4 . , , .	„,njOP
Manitoba, settling at Foxwarren Almost untcu .ed -> R-e n.° ' in 1900, Surviving are his wife, ci Hono.thu, - ) mi.e» dLiant, three daughters, Mrs. E. Thomas, the people of this stratèg e military Winnipeg ; Mrs. A. A. flay, Delor* tangent are peaceful fishermen and
small farmers. They include vir-
The death occuned suddenly at Wakefiçld, Que., on Monday, Jan.
22nd, . of Lillian Elaine Currie-Mills, beloved wife of William Fairbairn, and eldest daughter of Rev. Ivor Currie Mills, ot Yarm,
Que., and the late Mis. Currie-Mills.
The deceased was in lier thirty-first year and was born at Brae-
side, Ont. She received her early aine. Miss Myrtle Graham, K. N.,.
education at i aim and l iter at. Toronto, and three sons, Walter, tually all of Hawaii’s va.-iCd races Shawville High School, obtaining innisfail, Alta ;George and Melvin The military important “north A in 1 reîîi Diploma at |of Fuxwarren ; also a brother, shore” lies on the windward side of
êffip" ; SSWSS g|||if||
Fairbairn and resided at Wake 1	___ 1 inland.
field, Que.	I	’ * ~	I Military officials decline to specify
"“5 0ul,d
,DiPy fi lends.	__ proximity of Schofield barracks and
.4* 'S s» Kite-
Church. Interment was made at i Guild heard a good report ot the shore.
Rupert Union Cemetery. Rev. D. yen*" s activities. The events] Other low sections of the island, MeQnaig ,of Alcove, conducted the which they had sponsored.induct- i some virtually uninhabited, were service, speaking very highly of a bean supper, held before the similarly “protected'* by mobilized the deceased during her life in the student in charge, Mr. Hugh Mort- troops during war games community Rev, F. W. T,.ylor, , -<<-er returned to college, and a. The ,<ncrth shore- fronts Eteamer
süi mm mm
Way.” One of the deceased’s close The first objective of the Guild field pieces are planted near by. friends, Mrs. Cedric Moore, pre* for 1940 was to finance the paint- Hawaiian fishermen, some using sided at the organ and member? i',1K of tho interior of St. Matthew’s hand nets and spears, fish inside the of the Rupert Choir, of which the Church A motion to this effect | reef, which parallels the shoreline a
Uted was adopted unanimously.
The chairman, Rev. K C Bol
Rev. Tims. Ligget presided for
Officers which
Annual Meeting St. Stephen's Church. Greermount
The annual meeting St. Steph* mechanical voice could be fed a
speech covering all issues, which could be sent from town to town spreading the argument without in-The Rev. K. C. Bolton was jection of any personal element. It
could be used to speak unpleasant sentences in court, answer the telephone when one wants to report himself not at home, and for other
en's Chinch was held in the School hou-e, Greermount, on January Uth, with a representative attend-
The annual meeting of Shawville United W, M. S. was held oil Thursday with Rev. A. F. Fokes conducting the devotional service, after which the secretary, Mrs. S. E. McDowell read the minutes. A report was read by Mr< John
.. , •	. ,. .,	. « A. Dean on the hale recently sent
purposes to which an individual t„ tlm West, mid two letters of voice is not fitted or from which it shrinks or grows hoarse.
a nee in the chair.
The Wardens presented a report showing the Chinch to be in a sound financial position, with sufficient cash on hand to meet all obligations for the year 1939, and still show a small balance with which to start the new year. This covered all the parochial and ini-
appreciation were read from mission winkers in the drought area as to the cmnfoit the hale had made in seveiai homes.
The visiting committee reported 60 ordinary and 97 hospital calls made on the sick, and 30 parcels of
Mrs John H.
ed was not printed in England, but I Murray read a letter from her somewhere on the Continent, about sister who is a missionary in Aft i-1474. according to the Montreal Her- ca telling ot the work done on the aid. William Caxton, a Kentish born East coast of that country, Mrs. apprentice to a rich London cloth R. H. KadefTead a letter oil merchant, went to Bruges, to work Christian stewardship, at his trade.	I The delegates elected to go to
.Caxton became a prominent man VnVu.V'y ' MO ‘'a,',! ( educated him.se J, and translated jnjm jj Mutiny and Miss Margaret
from French into . .nglish a book of f)ngg, tlie latter representing the stories called Recuyell of the His- | (j.G.f.T tories of Troy." (“Recuyell” means
collection). The duchess of Burgun- I to the retiring president, Mr?. C. dy, who was an Englishwoman, liked	Woodley on her excellent
it so much, and so many other peo- leadership for more than two p!e wished to read it that he soon years, and a letter of sympathy is tired of making hand-written cop- to he sent to Miss Edith C’urriu-ies, and decided to learn the new I Mills, and wonderful art of printing. This was the first book he printed.
sion expenses.
It was decided that the Wardens should be authorized to purchase tlie paint and materials necessary for ptinting the church shed, the labour having been offered voluntarily. There was considerable discus-ion on the «object of building a parish hall, and it was agreed that the corporation should try to make plans for this and report to a later meeting specially called for this purpose.
The congregation gave enthusiastic ^endorsement to a motion proposing the formation of an A.r.F A. branch at St. Stephen's, and an organization meeting was immediately convened.
community and visiting The work of Mr. Lawrence and
Mr. Mortimer in the parish was highly praised and it was agreed that a letter of thanks should be sent to let them know how much their faithful efforts had been ap predated
On behalf of the congregation, Mr. Clifford Atkinson conveyed to the Rev. K C. Holton their pleasure that the Bi-bop had appointed him to the pari-h, and ex pi ed the hope that the appointment would he permanent.
Mr. Bolton thanked the congregation for this expression of welcome and for many acts of kindness and coopération, and gave a summary of the attendance at the services and the work of the church. The Warden*, #Mr. Geo. Tubman and Mr. Clifford Atkinson were thanked foi their loyal work.
Votes of thanks were tendered to Mrs Gordon Smith and Mrs Clifford Atkinson for playing the organ.
The following were appointed to office .• — People’s warden, Mr. Geo. Tubman ; Minister's warden, Mr. Clifford Atkin-on ; Lay delegates.
| Messrs. ILnry Woods and L'oyd Atkinson.
First Bock in English
Printed on Continent
The first English took ever print- delicacies given
deceased was a member, ass the Alcove Choir.
Left to mourn her loss is the ton, congratulated the meeting on
this decision and expressed the opinion that their willingness to undertake this very necessary woik would be highly appreciated.
Two new members Misses Hilda Ban is and Mabel Dagg were welcomed
few miles seaward. Japanese sampans are anchored in a sea-water inlet, which resembles a rustic
sorrowing husband ; father and step-mother ; three sisters, Edith, of Shawville ; Cecilia, at Caldwell, and Isobel, at home brother*. Russell, ut Beloeil, Que , and John, at home.
Fall-bearers were. Messrs. Harry Fairbarrn, Orvil Wuodburn, Gilchrist Barton, James Wilson, Em, erson Richardson and O. Miller.
Many beautiful floral tributes were received showing the high
esteem in which the deceased was	...
held by a wide circle of friends. “°lton and Mrs. N. McNeill ; woik
committee, Miss M. D.tgg and Miss
stream.
Many residents of this area are employed by one of the islands’ largest sugar plantations, living in
the.ir|1^tKÊttÊÊÊÊtiÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊttM
Honolulu only* infrequently. School The following officers were elect-1 children go barefooted the year ed President, Mr- Gerald Lang; around vice president, Mr*. Clarence Hod- De c the
gins; secretary, Mrs. Melvin Stan upon it by modern military observ-ley ; treasurer. Miss Hazel Lang ; ers, the “north shore'* traditionally buying committee — Mrs. K C. | has been one of the most peaceful
ections of the islands. It seldom new the bloody intertribal warfare 1 Hawaii’s early history.
A vote of tlmnks wa« extended
two
portance placed
The officers elected for the year 1910 are as follows President, Mrs Ait-fin McDowell; vice-presidents, Mrs. R 1*. Eides. Mrs. Walter Harris, Mrs. A. A. Smart; recording secretary, Mis. S. E. McDowell ; treasurer, Mrs. S. Langford ; corresponding secretary, Mrs C. H. McLean ; assistant secretary, Mrs. Norris llornev ;
secretary, Mrs. A. F. Christian stewardship, Mrs. R. I*. Fades ; finance com-
Mrs. R. I\ Fades, Mrs. S.
The first book known to be printed in England was, “The Dictes and Sayings of the Philosophers.” It was translated from the French by Earl Rivers, revised and printed b> Cox-ton who added a chapter and a prologue. He had set up the first English printing press not far from the
These included the following The husband;	the Currie .Mills ‘^.llam
family : Mrs. John Mullins ami Lewis :
Mr. and Mrs. James Wilson and Mr.
Eddie Fairbairn ; Shawville High School and Grade IX ; Members o Girls Sunday School class at Varin Miss Cecilia Argue ; Miss Alice Hod
Mr. and Mrs Mr. and Mrs
e-*
The meetings are to be bold a! usual, monthly on the second | Thursday evening ; tlie February i meeting to he held at the home of , Mrs K. C. Bolton.
i

envelope
west door of Westminster Abbey, in | Pokes : a house known as the House of the Red Pale, from the sign vhich he set over it.
From his house Caxton s:nt out the first printed advertisements known in England, “If it please any men spiritual or temporal,” he says, to buy a certain book, “let him corner to Westminster in to the Almonry at the Red Pale, and he shall have them good cheap.” The advertisement, which is given in “Marshall's History of English Literature,” ended with some Latin words which may be translated, “Please do not pull down the advertisement.”
:
%
l
BRAY
[HICKS

mitten,
Langford, Mrs. J. Murray, Mrs. W. Harris, Mrs. M. A. McKinley ; monthly secretary, Mrs. P. J. Masson ; C G I T leader, Mrs. A. Draper ; penny drill secretary. Mrs. I). J. Campbell ; mission band leader, Miss Edith Currie Mills ; baby band leader, Mrs. G. Paul ; associate helpers* leaders, Mrs. Mrs, Lindsay Armstrong and Mrs. Edgar Hoclgina ; supply lender, Mrs. J. Dean ; assistant*, Mrs, Tlios. Shore, Mrs. Win. Barr ; j pianists, Mis. Edgar Hudgins and Miss Blanche Hudgins.
4
1
Mrs. Carl Gibson Emerson Richardson ;
Eddie Richardson ; Alcove Association ;
Rupert Association ; Yarm Ladies' Aid ;
Li-cel les School and Bristol School, Tenders will be received by the under-
N?- 1/a	... signed Présidant for a Secretary-
the flmmd Were!	attendin« IWer und Manager for ,he Bristol
Currie Mills family and Mrs. Clinton ' "ni, r8 blub, lenders to be in the Palmer of Yarm ; Mr. Bussell Currie-1 hands of the President not later than Mills, .of Beloeil, Que.; Miss Cecilia Tuesday, February 13th. Lowest or
ân. Sstiüs. SL ?VK2 -'u"":' r t* r—
Wells, of Ottawa, and Mr. Edward J.	LOLLAND RLSSELL,
Fairbairn. of Toronto.	I	Bristol, Que
Tenders Wanted for Sec-Treas. and Manager
V
K
i
I
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky" when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Pr stel [gg & Poultry Aigcc atio"?
BRISTOL - QUEBEC
I

:
/
<

