###PAGE###1###
4SI.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United States
8HAWVILLE,. PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
SEPTEMBER 7. 19:W
No 12, 37th Yiab
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
GEORGES CARON
». A.. ». C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At CampbaN’a Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
PERSONAL MENTION
Master Orville Sereney, of Ottawa, ie «pending a vacation with friends in town.
Miss Lorrian Pokes left Sunday to resume her duties as nurse intraining at Ottawa Civic Hospital.
Mr. and Mrs. Borden Hobfts, of Ottawa, were week end guests of their relative® in town and vicin-
Stark a Corners Women’s Institute will hold their regular meeting in the church hall on Thursday evening at eight o'clock, Sept. 14. Program "Paper, What the home expects of the school and what the school expects of the home. Hull call-My best pickle recipe.
The Shawville Women’s lost!6 tute will meet at the home of Mrs. A If. Draper, on Monday evening, September 11th, at 7.80 o’clock sharp. Roll call-Some impres. hions of the Royal visit to Canada. Program—By High School Teachers. Assisting Hostesses—Mr*. 3. Langford and Mrs. A. Proud foot.
Clarendon Women's Institute will hold their regular monthly meeting on Wednesday Sept. 13th at 7.30 o’clock Henry Horner’s cottage at Hay. Program—Report of annual convention at Macdonald College. Roll call—Your favourite soap Members are hostesses.
Paul Larmond Painfully Burned At Campbell’» Bay
Shawville Hardware
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger mud finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with an established reputation. Open all year.
W. E. COWUNC,
Presides t
Aladdin Lamps
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE
ity
Attend h
Mise Mary Uuthbertson has re turned to Winnipeg after spending the Summer vacation at Norway Hay.
Mr. Jas. Donaldson, of Ottawa, spent a week’s vacation with bis mother, and other relatives at Green Lake.
, Miss Winnified Hamilton and a party of girl friends, all of Ottawa, spent the week end and holiday at Sand Hay.
Miss Lillian Wickens left this week for Hull, where she has accepted a position as Teacher in High School.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Diaper and children, of South Porcupine, are visiting their relatives In town and vicinity.
Drs. Wallace Hodgins and R. E. Dagg, of Montreal, spent the weekend and holiday with their relatives in town.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Kerr, of Montreal, spent the week-end and boll day with Mrs. Kerr’s parents Mr. and Mrs. H Horner at Sand Bay.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson and Mr. and Mrs. Carl Wilson, uf Kemptville, visited their relatives in town and vicinity on Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. G A McDougall and little son, left Sunday by motor to spend a vacation with their relatives in Western Canada.
Mr. and Mrs. George Eades and family, of Carle ton Place, were week end and holiday guests of their relatives in town and vicin-
SHAWVILLE
M. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
BORN
Horner —At Shawville Community Hospital, on Friday, Sept 1st, 1080, to Mr. and Mrs. J. R-Horner, a daughter.
Salway ¦*- At Shawville Community Hospital, on Friday, Sept. 1, I960, to Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Salway, of Stark’s Corners, a son
Protect your eyes and use
evening,
'at ia
JAMES A. MILLAR
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
B. A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
|29 Main St., Hull, Que*
A tPontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
A t Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Wednesday morning.
MARRIED
the
Paul Larmond wan painfully burned and his home was razed when a coal oil can exploded Thursday morning. Mr. Larmond, who is around 70 years of age, was lighting the kitchen fire, and had used coal oil in the stove, placed the can on the floor and as he scratched a match the head flew off and into the snout of the can which then exploded. Mr. Lnr-inonds clothing became ignited and the whole kitchen burst into
Two sons, Thomas and Vincent, were sleeping upstairs and escaped with great difficulty through a window.
Schwartz -Bretzlaff
A quiet but pretty wedding was solemnized at the parsonage of the United Church, Shawville, on Thursday morning, Sept. 31 at. when Linda Amelia, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Julius P. Bretzlaff, of
the
Full line of supplies always on hand
HARLAND C. ROWAT
He
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oepick — In the G. F. Hudgins Building Main Street, Que.
Ladysmith, Que., became bride of Max Albert, hod of Mr. and Mrs Bernard Schwartz, of Thorne township. Que. Rev. A. F. Pokes officiated at the service.
The bride was dressed in a gown of pondre blue crepe with white hat and accessories to match. The bridesmaid Mies Helga Reuck wald, of Ladysmith, cousin of the bride, wore a dress of navy blue crepe ; while the bridegroom was attended by Lawrence Schwartz. After the ceremony, luncheon was served to the immediate relatives at the home of the bride's father, after which the young coupe left by motor for their new home in Que i bee City.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
flames
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

i
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell’* Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Teachers For Shawville And Clarendon Schools
Ladies’ New Fall Shoes
Shawville High and Clarendon rural schools reopened for the 1969-40 term cm Tuesday, Sept. 5th, with the following teachers in charge : High school, C. 9. Douglas principal,; James Gordon, John Tolhurst, Benjamin Midlidge, and Misses Clara Strutt, Edna Currans, Helen K. Everett, Amy Corrigan, Margaret Judd and Edith Mills ; Clarendon schools, No. 1, Zion, Miss Robina Wallace ; No 2, Austin, Beulah Findlay ; No. 3, Stark’s Corners, Lottie Wright and Dora Hanna ; No. 4, Knox, Orla Mee ; No 5. Marjorie Wilson ; No. 7, Radford, Verna Strutt ; No. 8, Murrell’s, Muriel Horner ; No. U, Yarin, Pearl Corrigan ; No. 10, Green Lake, Mary Brownlee ; No. 11, Morehead, Eileen Walsh ; Nos. 12 a, and 12-b, Chatteris, Hilda Harris and Ruby Stevenson, No. 13, North Clarendon, Hazel Lang ; No. 14, Stevenson’s, Mr. Thomas Wallace.
CLINTON H. DOWD
Many smart new styles for Fall in Suedes and and different combination of Patents, Suedes
and Calves, etc.
B A. LL. B., C L.
Advocate, Barrlwter. etc Main Street
ity
Hull, Que
Mrs. M. Donaldson, Mrs. Murray Donaldson and children have returned to Ottawa after spending the Summer vacation at Green Lake. •
Mr. and Mrs. Russell Ring rose and family, of Kirkland Luke, Ont., are spending a vacation at the home of the latter’s mother, Mrs Robt. Dale	*
Mr Grasse! Langford, of Carle-ton Place, and Mr. and Mrs. Harry Farrell, of Ottawa, were week-end and holiday guests at the home of Mrs. 9. Langford.
Mr. and Mrs. Ted McGuire of Puugan Falls, were week end and holiday guests at the home of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. J. Horner, in town.
Mrs. Louis Moore and children have returned to their home in Drimimondville, Que., after spending the holiday season at their cottage, Green Lake.
Mr. and Mrs. Rielly A. Horigins and children, and Mr. Melvin Hod-gins, of Cornwall, spent the weekend and holiday with their relatives in town and district.
Miss Marion Lester has returned home after spending the past two weeks visiting at the home of Miss VVyn Titus. Lakewood, N. J„ also attending the New York World's Fair.
Messrs. R P. and Harry Fades left last week for Western Canada, where they will visit relatives. Mrs. R. P. Fades will leave on Friday to join her husband.
Miss Marjorie Tugroan, of Ottawa, accompanied by Miss Audrey McPherson and Mr. Gordon Sinclair, spent the week-end at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Tngman, Murrells.
Presentation
Phone, Sher. 1354
A very enjoyable time was spent at the home of Mr. and Mrs Clifford Beattie. Monday evening, Aug. ‘28th, when a few of their friends and neighbours gathered to spend a social evening before leaving for their new home at Onslow Corners.
During the evening Mr and Mrs. Beattie were presented with a rug, the address being read by Mr. Win. Roberts and the présenta tion made by Messrs William and Gordon Emmei son.
The address was as follows
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Beattie your friends and neighbours, have met at your home to night to express our regret at your departure from our neighbourhood.
During the number of years that you have lived among in, we have been endeared to you by your ever ready help fullness and your kind acts. Although you are not going far from us, yet some other folk will be claiming you as their neighbours and our loss will be their
gain.	.
We ask that you except this gift as a
small token of our esteem for you. That your new home will be one of happiness and pro«i>erity and that God’s richest blessing will be upon you and your family is the united wish of your friends.
Mr. and Mrs Beattie, although taken bv Ftirplise, thanked their friends in appropriate term-», after which everyone joined in singing “Blest be the tie that binds "
Refreshments were served and all left wishing Mr. and Mrs, Beattie health and happiness in their uew home.
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e *?ry Friday evening.
Currie
z
Ties, Gores and Pump Effects, all good flitters. Black, Brow, Navy.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence
From $1.95 to $2.95.
We
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT »x BARRISTER 189 MAIN STREET
School Girls’ Oxfords
We specialze in School Girls’ Oxfords, Brogues, Sport Oxfords, Ties, etc. Good walking styles
Black or brown, sizes
PHONE, 2-22
Ronald MoKechnie and Leo Kennedy Win Scholarships herbrooke
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot's Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8 00 p m.
Smart
Fair
At
3 to 8	$1.95
and durable
The stock judging teams from this district, that represented Western Quebec in the Provincial competition at Sherbrooke last week, gave good accounts of themselves. The Swine Judging team comprized of Leo Kennedy and Merrett Steele, of Beechgrove and Quyon, respectively, stood 2nd in very keen competition ; and Dairy Cattle Judging team did almost as well in even keener competition, which included Ronald McKechme of Wyman, and Irvine Brownlee, of Shawville.
Ronald McKechme and Leo Kennedy each will receive a scholarship for high standing in their judging work. The scholarships apply on a six-months agri cultural course at Macdonald College. Each of the four young judges did highly satisfactory judging work.

Special Boys’ Oxfords
Dp. r. e. dagg
SURGEON DENT]ST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, [QUE. PLATEAU A38 8
Sturdy School Boys’ Oxfords. Made up on good lasts. Stand good hard wear.
II, 12, 13 for $1.75
“ $1.95
J
Z X

SM AN'S
4
sizes
“	1 to 5
Dit. WALLACE J.W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Mens’ Work Boots
We Stock Several of the Finest Makes
Hospital Report for August
Shawville Community Hospital report* for the month of August was as follows :
ltifl Hospital days 9 Births 2 Deaths. '
Home Near Quyon Destroyed by Fire
Fire which broke out shortly befoie nine o’clock Friday morning, destroyed the home of Mr». J. Mosseau, on the Station road. The building wam a frame structure
valued at about $700.
The tenants, Mr. and Mr*. Leo Proulx and family, escaped without injury, npd with the help or neighbours saved the greater part of their furniture. It is thought the fire originated from the chim
ney.
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Brown, of Mauotick,* were guests at the home of Mrs. T. Shore. They were accompanied by Masters Clarence and Millar Shore, who spent the Summer vacation at Manotiek.
Miss Gwen Hod gins, of Ottawa, who has been spending part of her vacation with her parents, Mr and Mrs. R. W. Hod gins, left Saturday to vi*it her brother, Mr. Ulric Hod gins, at South Porcupine.
Mr: and Mrs Harvey McLarnon and daughter, Jean, have returned to their home in Winnipeg, after spending a vacation at the home of the former’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. McLarnon, Zion section.
BILAIR 3 267
Renfrew Fair Opens Tuesday, Next Week
I
John Palmer,
Greb,
Williams,
Sismans,
Hardy,
Fourniers.

f
D. J. CAMPBELL
Renfrew’s 96th annual Pair is on next week-Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday—with a splendid programme, planned to interest and amuse both young and old.
With a bigger and better than ever prize list, the exhibit in all departments will be much larger than at previous Fairs. A big mid-way has been contracted for and high class performances will be staged in front of the grandstand each afternoon and evening. These will include the 60 foot plunge of Chas. Lajoie into an eight foot tank of water ; the Vanity Girls* Revue and other
spectacular numbers.	-
A particularly ' good card of horse races has been arranged by Jack Dolan and J. U. Ferguson,
At nine o’clock on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday evening» cars will be drawn lor. Taken all around, the public can be aeMired of satisfactory entertainment.
President Throop and Secretary Jordan are confident, if fair weather prevails, that this year» Fair will be a huge success both in point of attendance and exhibits.
SISMANS
<•

Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
PhoneS I,
' >




Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
Campbell** Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
$2.95 to $7.50
Priced from
The Misses Bessie Freeman, Essie Skuee, Evelyn Williams and Lenore Tenney, of Ottawa, and
Sophia Hodgins. of Shawville, The following young people of *pent the week end and Labour ; Shawville and district left thi-D*y at Argue’b cottage, Green week to Ake a teacher» course at
Mr s. John Morrison lias returned 5"%^' Shirley^)<îds, Sadie Tug- E,«. Ear. No., and Threat Speci.li.t
m
chance.
At
W. A. Hodgins, L*’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Quebec
Shawville
MEDICAL A»TS «UILDINO
ONT
OTTAWA
SHOHt. 1-7M1
son
###PAGE###2###
British Lord Chancellor Opens the CJLE.
knows about this Jewel of your uncle’s we are hunting?"
"I don’t know,” answered Claire. MI haven't maid anything to Susie, but she and Eb must know we are after something. Of course Dan Just works on the place, but he may know what'i going on, too. 6isle*s apt to tail things.”
"You bet he's on,” remarked Pat positively. "If I'm not quite cuckoo, the old gal's willing to go more than half way where Dallas Is concerned. A man's a man, in her oir Inion, or I miss my guess. But you are going back Claire?”
"No," she answered. "I'm not ”
"All right, but don't get out of our sight," Pat warned her.
Susie Is Questioned
Several hours of careful searching revealed no trace of Eb knowledglng themselves beaten, the young people and Dan retraced their steps to the house to tell Susie. She was In the library when they found her, "readying the room tup.” as she explained, though Claire noticed that the dustcloth was lying folded on the desk that had not been used.
Wheu they told her about her brother she collapsed Into a chair with a smothered shriek. "Whal'd 1 tell you? I knew something was going to happen — I knew It all the time. George Banes saw the white miner and—"
"And he saw this what-you may-call it at about the same place from which the shot was aimed at Claire?" asked e Pat sarcastically. "Ever hear of this spook sniping
HHH
”No-no,” answered Susie just walks. Some day klnda dim and slow-like, but George Banes seen him hustling along the trail like he was-going somewhere."
"Um, probably was late for a big spook conference." Pat lighted a clgaret and offered his package to the others. "How about a little fire in here, Claire? It's chilly.”
(To Be Continued)

T
It Makes a Nicer Cool Drink
T

A
A

L
Pf

B
,
K
L

A •

A


#
5
E t

1
&
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
SSSEW TEA
HOUSE i F SHADOWS
CANNING THAT IS DIFFERENT
Each year every homemaker in making the inventory of the fruit, vegetable and pickle store room, usually has about the same supply appealing to her own household for its own individual needs. However, who is there amongst us who does not delight in having or trying something just a little different by way of u variety?
The first-three recipes, which I am offering you this week originated in France Jams" arc a necessity rather than a variety. The yellow tomato one came from our “neighbors to the South of us" who do many interesting things with the yellow tomato, which is altogether too uncommon in our country. There is nothing which excels them in beauty, offering you as they do their lovely translucent clumps of amber.
H
by Ida R. Gleason
Ac-
more when he went through town on his way back to California, so he said. A year or two after someone found a man's skeleton under the flooring in their cabin. They could not prove It was the kid, though you can’t make no one 'round here believe it wasn't his. Only the folks do say when something's goln* to happen, the white miner Is seen again trudgin' along the mountain trails."
“And someone’s met up with him lately?" asked Bob Steele.
Susie nodded solemnly. "George Banes, the butcher down in the village, said he seen him plain over near the big dump on Squaw Mountain the other night."
Dan abruptly pushed back his chair.
"Where’s that? ' asked Pat.
"Opposite the house here." Claire told him. She added slowly, "the mountain that fired the gun at me."
Cm." Pat shrugged his should-This is getting good — white miner — mysterious shootings. So come on, let's go out and look at these chippiugs where someone's been getting busy. I'd like to do a little digging myself around the cupola. See If we can unearth another arrow sign."
The sun was beginning to redden the sky as they wont outside wonder where Eb is?" asked Bob. "I'll go <Jown to the tool house and get some shovels from him. Dan said he was there didn't he?
Pat nodded and walked around the cupola. Dan was already there, staring down at the ground. “Someone's already started digging here.” He pointed to a small hole close by the cupola wall.
Pat dropped to his knees and examined the place closely. "That's been done recently.” he announced. He made a careful circuit of the surrounding grass and bushes. "Here comes Bob. Let’s see what
BEGIN HERE THIS WEEK
CLAIRE FOSDICK acts out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log that has been placed across the road. PAT MAGAN. an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, a l'on
to the mountain house, where EB SPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are
where “Potted
the scene and take Claire
<p
BEETROOT JAM
Boil the beets in their skins until they are quite tender, and of course, the younger the better. When cooked, rub off the skins; put the beetroot through the food chopper with the large knife. Weigh them; place in an earthenware- container with an equal amount of sugar, leaving all night. Next day place in the preserving kettle, pouring on just enough water to cover the bottom. This will keep the jam from sticking. Bring quickly to the boil, stirring all the time. Skim. Boil steadily for 46 minutes. Add the rind and juice (strained) of a lemon for each two pounds of beets. Boil again for ten minutes. If you wish, you may remove the lemon rinds but many prefer to leave them in. I find it quite satisfactory to put rinds through the food chopper. Pot the jam, which is a very beautiful color and spreads well on bread. You could not find anything more healthful for family use and school luncheons.
the caretakers.
DAN DALLAS, the hired man, reports that the watchdog has been •hot.
Pictured here with Lady Maugham as they arrived in Quebec City is l*ord Maugham, High Chancellor of Great Britain, who came tc Canada te attend the oonvention of the Canadian Bar Association and to o#Rcbally open the Canadian National Exhibition.
He
Claire goes to her room for the night She sees a curious arrow carved on the wall, pointing to the cupola. Lamp in hand. Claire goes to the cupola. Suddenly and noiselessly, the lamp is shattered.
This fashion gives a clean, freak laundered look to our woolly out* knits that make them seem fern#» lne and less casual.
Dainty Touches
Buttons, tiny, diminutive, pearl buttons In very formal rows make an Interesting neckwear detail Maderla embroidery in the bluish grey cast which was launched In the spring has been made up In plastron effects, also In round nr vee necked ruffled collars.
Femininity
ers
In Fashion
Now Go On With the Story
“The white miner?" asked Claire. "Sure — the white miner. That's
Probably be-
Soft Neckwear Is the Vogue
what wt> called him cause we never knew his real name and he had the freshest, whitest skin ever you see. He was from over near Tin Cup way. Claire." A reminiscent light gleamed In Suait happened durln' the
Pique leads new neckwear and It is self trimmed, trimmed with repousse, with Point Venice, with embroidered georgette and embroidered with cotton or linen piping.. Busters, vee necks, of course, with the cuffs to match, in all fabrics are classics, but the fitted plastron beautifully cut to give a long line from neck to belt, and a "pinched in the waist ” look, Is new and It comes In a great variety of treatments.
There are beautiful revers In the starched or lacquered repousse. There are sweet little yokes, square and pointed, of Duchess lace, lots of real Alencon and some Princess and Duchess lace combined, real Valenciennes and Irish crochet edge many of the revers and collars. ?Cuffs are made to fit short or long sleeves.
'I
Baby Named
For Peace
ie’s eyes
mining boom, while your Uncle Lyman w.ts here, and I was keepin’ house for him. A likely youngster— the white miner. Used to come on down to the town for grub and other things.”
Handy Hint#
Latest Royal Baby, Princess Irene Emma Elizabeth of Netherlands
One cup peanut butter and % cup‘grated carrots. Moisten with mayonnaise.
One cup peanut butter, % cup chopped spinach, mayonnaise to moisten.
Chopped chicken mixed with % as much ground almonds, and enough mayonnaise to make a spreading consistency.
Crown Princess Juliana's second daughter, born Saturday, August 5th, will be named Princess Irene Emma Elisabeth, It was announced today.
Irene is a name taken from the Greek for the word "peace." Emma was the name of the baby's maternal great-grandmother and Elisabeth Is for an aunt of Juliana.
The Crown Princess' 18 month* old elder daughter Is Princess Beatrix "she that brings happiness."
What happened to him?" Pat
asked.
"Oh, he took up with a fellow who come from out Califronla way. They went up to the kid’s claim and worked it all summer. Ore ran
1 used to see
MELON JAM
Choose melons which are almost ripe but not overly ripe. Peel, remove the seeds, cut up the pulp into neat uniform cubes. Weigh the melon and for every 1 lb. of melon allow V» lb. of sugar and four tablespoons of water. Put sugar and water together into preserving kettle, bring to the boil, add the melon and boil steadily until the syrup answers the usual test for jelly. A drop or two of vegetable coloring makes a prettier yellow in color. This is a delicious jelly for tarts and is very economical.
YELLOW TOMATO PRESERVES
pretty good, too quite a lot of them both when they come down for the town dances. Then one night they’d both been drinking a lot and had a fight."
"Over you, perhaps Spratt?” asked Pat, his eyes twinkling. "I'll bet you were by way of being a town belle when you were young."
he makes of this."
.But Bob was looking at the cap
"Isn't this the
he held in his ha cap that Eb was wearing?" he asked Dan.
The man nodded.
"Well, I found It down near the tool house, but Eb wasn't there. Did he come up here?"
"No," began Pat and then stopped. ' What the—?"
"Yes. said Bob slowly. "There are fresh blood stains op it. Blood —
m
x-
k I GIRLS!
Fall Favorites
Bengaline and faille are fall favorites for neckwear. There Is a little satin and there are taffeta ruffled collars and full three quarter Bishop sleeves with wrist frills that are put on over a sleeve to give a new juvenile look to a plain dress.
There are deep cuffs with double rows of box plaited ruffing, deep Dutch collars with the same flush. Bibs are still shown and sweater collars are imperative both for the school girl and the older woman.

Miss
si row* owe boss. same coos meows m mu f a sc iwa Ties.
a:
Gingham Girl
YOUNG BUTTON-FRONT FROCK
/
Fret yourself from dull undnmetiejobs. Beauty culture, scientifically taught by Harper, Method, is a pleasant, profitable career. Vtm nation wide employment service. 30# Harper Method Shops. Financial help to graduates starting shops. Ix>w tuition and living ewpm»! Write for FREE catalog.
123.1 Nsiii Itsebesler, N.Vh tlJ.â,
Eb Disappears
Susie shot him a coquettish look. "Go on with you, Mr. Pat." Then she sobered. "I ain’t payin' what was the cause o' the row. Anyway they drifted long toward morning and we never see the white miner again. And the other one only once


but where is Eb?"
* Scald the tomatoes, remove the skins by placing in cold water in the usual way. Weigh; to every 6 pounds of tomatoes use 4 pounds of sugar. Wash two lemons and slice very thin. Place in an earthenware container putting alternate layers of tomatoes, sugar and lemons. Let stand all night, when the sugar should be dissolved. Cook over a low fire until fruit is quite clear. Place in jars and seal.
CHAPTER V Suspicion!
As Dan stared at the bloody cap, his mask-like face showed emotion for the first time, but whether It was amazement or fear It was impossible to tell.
Bob turned to him. “You were with Eb, weren’t you, when he went back to the tool bouge?"
"Yes and no," Dan answered. "We walked down to the shed, as I said, but he went back alone to see if he’d locked .the door. Told me to go on up to the house."
"And you didn't hear anything at all that might explain this?”
"Not a sound."
"All right
with a dissatisfied shrug on. We’ve got to set if we can find him before we do anything else. No use stirring up the women until we know what’s happened "
But Claire came around the corner of the house just then and they could not keep the story from her. She listened quietly, and then Insisted on joining the search.
"What do you think?" she asked Pat anxiously as she fell Into step beside him. Do you believe we will find him?"
The others had gone on ahead. Pat stopped and took both the girl’s hands in his. “I have a hunch we won’t," he said. "I wish you’d back Into the house. Claire. I'd feel safer about yon if you did."
"You believe Eb was killed, then?"
Pat shrugged. "I just said I had a hunch, Claire, but J'm not the seventh son of a seventh son. so maybe it’s a bum steer, it's only that after last night, dear, I know If anything should happen to you" —he touched the bandage on her wrist tenderly — "it — well, it would mean a lot to me ’
He did not see the light in her eyes, for just then Bob Steele halloed from a clump of aspens. "Oh, there you are!" Bob's voice held relief. T missed you two, and came back." As they joined him, he lowered his voice. "I told Dan to wait for us. I'm keeping an eye on that fellow."
"You don’t think—" began Claire.
Bob nodded. "Yes, I think he does know more than he’s letting on."
T wonder." said Pat. "if Dan
2927
SlZfS 2 8

I
HARPER METHOD TRAINING CENTS?
A
4
KEEPS
OUTSIDE CLOSETS
Clean And Sanitary!
low
EUROPE
V
v
I
Here is a real recipe from Grandmother’s treasured chest of
' 1
recipe secrets :
ROSE-LEAF JELLY
Pick the roses in early morning. They should be well opened but not in full bloom. Strip the petals. Weigh 1 lb. of petals and 1 lb. of sugar. Boil the sugar with Vt pint of water for ten minutes. Test in cold water. If it spins a thread as for jelly it is ready. Throw in the rose leaves, cover the pan, remove from the fire. Let it get cool but not cold. Strain through muslin. Add 1 tablespoon of liquor to each % of jelly. Stir well and pot in the usual way. If you wish, add a little pink coloring. This is a very fragrant and delicious jelly.

sa
Bob turned away
Come
S3
npHERE’s no risk of offensive JL outhouse odors when you use Gillett's Pure Flake Lye regularly. Just sprinkle half a tin over contents of closet—once a week. There's no need to remove contents—Gillett's does it for you.
Gillett's Lye in the household saves hours of heavy work— clears clogged drains, scours dirty pots and pans, quickly cuts through grease. Keep a tin handy.
/ 1
A uy
7fl
• •
Inad Tri, Tam to IriUis
iffl,' *1 Qfi5'
M
136
»
ft
(
w
TOUKUT $ CUII
177
CD
*702
la
<«
>
-QUEEN MA*V* n* World . Fsstcit 9*
(Rsttt itigkt, WgAwjfm
* Sever dissolve IW in hot water. The
action of the lye itself ___heats the water.
yyutumn days in Europe are delightful A that long deferred visit while these low fares are available For variety travel one way by our newly renovated Canadian Service steamers and the other way via New York, with a range of up to-date ships headed
by the “Queen Mary", the World's fastest ship.
A Chalca at Hut—
Between Montreal and Glasgow, Belfast Liverpool, Plymouth, Havre. London.
f s •
Between New York and Cherbourg. Southampton. Plymouth, Havre. Loudon.
way. Cobh. Liverpool fI
Book now and take advantage of the low fares and Canard White Star’s "Choice of Routes”.
Your Household Problems
ake
I v
go
By LOUISE LENNOX
|just think of the fun you will have making this cute dress for your young daughter love the little fish appliqued above the pointed pockets as much as you will enjoy making them. She will be able to dress herself very easily if you use large enough buttons for her tiny fingers to fasten. Princess lines are becoming to small girls and with the added width given by the pleats there is plenty of room for action. Style No. 2927 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6 and 8 years. Size 4 requires 1 % yards of 36-inch material with % yard of contrasting. Applique and panties are included in the pattern.	j	/
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern 2927 to Louise Lennox, Room 421,	73
West Adelaide St., Toronto.
Have you fussy eaters in youi family ? Do you have trouble I providing a varied and interest l I ing menu? Do your cakes fall? I Then write, enclosing a stamp ed, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour problems.
She will
7he ATLANTIC'S LARGEST FLEET
*#
m
s
NSW YORK

MAuefTAWA-" AQUITAINS" • “GCOSCIC"
•CARINTHIA" “SCYTHIA"
Gal-
Old Wash Frocks Make Smart Aprons


• • Or
from MONTREAL
Smart little aprons may be made from old summer wash frocks. Using a bought apron as a pattern, you can usually cut one out of the front of the frock, and one from tie back. Bind with bias - binding to match one of the col" ora in the patt They loo*. \crv smart when made up and arc a big saving.
See
rt

dra
(UNARD WHITE STAR
-———aw ’ L ft M 1 .T r 0
it
-tlTTTlA
of
Ltd..
A
DONALDfON ATLANTIC LINE
pn the material
’39
Issue No. 35
217 Bay St. (El. 347!) Tereale
B
###PAGE###3###



A woman, being angry with he* husband once stopped her sewing
in order to "mb it in" more odec-lively, and kept pricking a straight line with her needle on a pattern book lying on the table, then angrily she tore it along the line of
The husband seized upon the pin pricks.
A Stamp Story
Canadian-Built Fighter Is Undergoing Initial Teats
.Books And You
1 ## -
Lost Her T
A W
wm
BY
-

M2
m

ELIZABETH EEDY
'M

i
w
•’ '4 '
¦?en losing one's temper may be put to a practical usa. We owe the facility with which we stamp our letters today to such an event
a «

B
¦
i

THE OWNLfY INN
By Joseph C. Lincoln and Freeman
Lincoln
Shades of tait spray and Cape Cod folks saunter across the pages of a new and satisfactory puzzle story by the father-and son team already celebrated as the authors of "Blair's Attic" a mystery of a season or two ago. Once you have read a "Lincoln" story you will look for more . .. and more.
Who stole the valuable copy of "The New England Primer" (1749 edition) from the strongroom of the Knowlton Library of American Literature? Who killed the Man of Mystery on Sepatonk Island, and was he the crook? Which one of the islanders is an unscrupulous collector? Sleuthing away to solve these mysteries we find Dick Clarke, a Balnbridge youth engaged to Anne Francis, and Seth Ownley, proprietor of the Island Inn.
The plot unfolds with plenty of Intrigue, love, native types of people—In fact everything you expect to find in a "Lincoln" book.


/



F
By Fred Nehet
LIFE’S LIKE THAT




X"
.X


w.

r«rï
tiA.



•\sV
• • %

A-


tests.
to roll o
#¦ #
Heat Dries
VOICE
of the
PRESS

NEWS
4*
Your Hair
X
Milady’s Locks Require Care In
Summer
PARADE

v Hands will not suffer from ko use hold work it they are liberally smeared beforehand with a good cream or lotion? In this the hands will be soft and
V

1
20
'Tour hair is suffering from too much sun.
It needs attention. Do give It a proper brushing. Remember that every head of hair that ever waa needs five minutes’ brushing morning and evening. Don't sigh about it. Don’t think that this means the end of your wave and set — because it doesn’t Brushing distributes the natural grease through the hair, and that means you will keep your wave and set a great deal longer. If you deny this natural grease to the hair, It goes like straw, and you know what happens then. It doesn’t keep its wave tor two seconds. It sticks out here and it goes like hay there, and secretly you are rather thankful that you can't see the back of It, because Heaven only knows what that is looking like!
Use a good lotion. Buy youreelt a hair tonic.
For the time being wash your hair with yolks of eggs. Use plenty of wtter for the rinsing, becaule it Is this meanness on the water that makes such an enormous difference to a head of hair.
m
4
PATROLLERS PATROLLED: Reminds us of the old rhyme about the dog that had fleas and the fleas had other fleas to bite ’em (“so on ad infinitum”)—this newest wrinkle in Ontario’s highway traffic regulations. The Attorney-General’s department has divided the Province into three zones — Eastern, Central, Western—with a specially qualified Provincial patrol officer, rank of sergeant, aa supervisor over all the motorcycle officers in each zone. So while the cop watches you to see that you don’t go over 60, a super-cop is watching him to see that he does his duty.
way T,„	.
white after the subsequent washing with soap and water. Fingers and nails stained with vegetable parings or gardening should be rubbed with a lemon cut in half. Dig the nails well inside the centre of the lemon.
A FINE BODY OF MEN
While of course, they are not possessed of what would undoubtedly be the invaluable gift of ubiquitousness, Ontario’s highway traffic police are, on the whole, as fine a body of men as one can find engaged in similar work anywhere.
Their work is not of a sensational nature. Unless the circumstances are exceptional, the most serious criminals with whom they deal are motorists who transgress the provisions of the Highway Traffic Act. When they are called upon to display courage they show that they can tackle anything, from a bank bandit to a murderer.
And it is to their credit that the highways of Ontario are clean and well kept, in the traffic sense. There is much reckless and negligent driving. There is much foolishness and stupidity, but it always occurs—or nearly always —when there is no officer in sight.—Guelph Mercury.
\


X

P#P5 DUttY-
*
"After all
• • • •
CJh.



k





1
P
A NATIVE RETURNS: Canada
has few authors of note who have made any stir beyond our shores, * and of these a great many are disposed to live in the United States or abroad ... A double "welcome boms” is therefore extended to writer Mazo de la Roche, creator of the famed “Jalna” books who, a long sojourn in England a U.S., has come back to live in Toronto. Her return boosts tremendously our literary self-respect
While we think of it, did you know that the little church high on a hill at Erindale, Ontario, is the church attended by the Whiteoak family in the "Jalna" novels?
BEYOND DANZIG: Dr. Hans Simon, former German diplomat, and now a member of the New York School for Social Research, declared last week that Danzig is simply the stepping-stone for a Nasi policy which looks much further than the banks of the Vistula or the Polish Corridor wards world domination. Reduction of Poland to a state of vassalage is doubtless next on the program; a big clean-up in the Balkans (Juosglavia, Rumania, etc.); maybe another clean-up in the Baltic, then the incapacitation of France.	\
PROPAGANDA JITTERS: Italy sad Germany are proving that it’s pretty well possible to control the press of a country, to have nothin printed in the newspapers which isn’t to the advantage of the existing government. Radio is a great deal harder to handle but the propaganda bosses through the medium of the Gestapo, in Germany for instance, clamp down inexorably on owners of receiving seta who tune in broadcasts from beyond the country’s borders.
Art, the movies, magazines, theatre, are similarly muzzled. But channel that cannot be controlled, so far, at any rate, by Fascist machinery, is the postal service. Through the medium of the letter-box, Hitler and Mussolini may yet meet defeat.
Now Stephen King-Hall, British publicist, has launched a highly organized correspondence service which sends letters to as many as 60,000 private individuals lit Germany, giving them true news of the international situation and a picture of Hitler as the rest of the world sees him.
The letters are passed by the recipients into many other hands . . *. and has Dr. Goebbeh a headache I

m
e
#
è
#

AN OLD TUNE
So many men grab the stool when there is a piano to be -moved.—Brandon Sun.
o
1
NTARIO
UTOOORS



CRAZE FOR LIMELIGHT
It is related that Mussolini loves to be photographed for pictures to be published in the Italian papers and that accredited camera men are at liberty to take snaps at any time they see him. Thus another angle is afforded of his craze to be in the limelight.— Brantford Expositor.
• •••

******
I,
»
p
By VIC BAKER

REEL INFORMATION
r

One of the questions that eventually pops up at all discussions surrounding the art of angling is "who invented the fishing reel"? As a matter of fact crude reels used over 300 years ago. At

Ro1*X.

*
*

that time within two feet of the end of the rod, there was a hole made to put in a wind, turned with a barrel to gather up and
WHY 7
When England was of the same population that Canada now has, she had a great literature. We have very little, and not of the highest class.
to-
•Ü2
£
p


See
*
loose line.
The earliest .type of reel with which we are familiar, consisted of a spool with handle riveted directly to the spool. These reels made of brass and were without click or drag. Reels of this type are still on the market and retail at about one dollar.
The mulitplying reel was an American invention, introduced by a Kentucky watchmaker about 1834. Black bass fishermen everywhere still favour the original style reel, with few refinements. Innovations such as free spool, level winding and anti-back-lash devices now are built into these reels, but the general construction remains the same.
Also extensively developed have been the big game fish reels. These reels are now built in sizes large enough to hold 1,000 yards of 39-thread line. They are equipped with handles that turn one way only, and adjustable drags that can be controlled by the ang-We have come quite a way since the first primitive reel was lashed to a rod.

)
Catholic Record.
IBIiE
Mh BEE HIVE
V

o*

were
s
#
. #
w
tm
ni

SSRr
#

#
Sri»


;


i
A
E
#




z
SkSDlff-
I


^-o, r>r r*
¦
1er.
? ,
t
% ^ TO VISIT THE STAR AT THE "EX"
One railway in England is building 90 new engines, including 20 of the Coronation Scot type.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Advertising Pays

V
AH/THERE» a; PIECE OF RAPER/ JOS* WHAT . > yl NEFD/y
’ I*M SORRY, MRS. l7QOTTA>pî"wTA
egS*3S.STj5i>
» AS GOOD A3 LOOKIN’ FOR 'IM *
PINMEAD.IF YOU FIND EGBERT FOR
MQ »
Ths new hair style decrees beat the drum loudly for curia and curls and to make easy the problem of keeping her myriad relie intact milady may now have the aid of a new hair-grooming device which serves every hair set-tiag purpose. It’s a new cGrob designed to comb, curl and dress
THATS
m

k
I

t. >
r
'2'
y vented
EZPCShALL'l
e<^8UNT
TWAPROCK


. %
I

4.
is
?¦
•eT

I
1
«
i
A/
i
,’h
sp
WsJ
I
*
the hair in severs! easy motions. It has a stationary comb at one for combing the hair prior to
a movable comb at

i
[

r i

I


D AKTII
%
L 2
z
the ether to curl the hair.



###PAGE###4###
regard its treaties and its solemn pledges, which sanctions the use of force or threat of force against the sovereignly and independence of other states.
Such a principle, stripped of all disguise, is surely the mere primitive doctrine that might is right. And if this principle were established through the world, the freedom of our own country and of the whole British Commonwealth of Nations would be in danger.
But far more than this, the peoples /if the world would be kept in the bondage of fear, and all hopes of settled peace and security, of justice and liberty, among nations, would be ended.
This is the ultimate issue which confronts us. For the sake of all that wo ourselves bold dear, and of the world order and peace, it is unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge.
It is to this high purpose that I call my people at home and my peoples across the seas who w ill make our cau'+e their own.
I ask them to stand calm and firm and united in this time of trial.
The task will be hard. There may be dark days ahead and war can no longer be confined to the battlefield, but we can only do the right as we sec the right, and reverently commit our cause to God. If one and all we keep resolutely faithful to it, ready for what ever service or sacrifice it may demand, then with God's help, we shall prevail,
May He bless and keep us all.
THE EQUITY
SHAWVIILE, SEPT. 7, 1939
HODGINS
GARAGE
Here They Are, Our First
Z,- - ?j ##
Shur-Cain Feeds
British Liner Athenla __________
Torpedoed and Sunk Monday
The Brit ah liner Athenia with 1,400 passengers aboard, most of them Canadians and Americans was torpedoed
and sunk on Monday.
The Ministry of Information announced that the 13,581-ton ship reported to the admiralty t-lie had been torpedoed 200 miles off the Hebrides,
west of northern Scotland.
She was bound fiom Liverpool for
Montreal.
A radio announcement on 1 uesday night gave the number of persons board as 1418. Early dispatches gave the missing as 257 and later this number was cut down to 16.
German Canadians Condemn Hitler
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
$2.10
Fattening Mash For «wm»
Hog Grower..........
Pig Starter.........
1.90
HOW
on
For Your Fence
2.25
Requirements
REC'O.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO
Montreal, Sept. I—Members of the cistern Division of the German Cana dian League declared today io a written statement that League members wished to associate themselves with Canadians in the present crises and were prepared to fulfill their obligations as citizens “with all means at their disposal.
The brief statement, issued over the signature of G, Wimmer, president of Ontario Quebec district, condemned Germany for crossing the Polish border
and said in part :	.
u. . . We are Canadians first and
last, and will fulfill our duties as citizens of this Dominion with all means at our disposal
(The League was formed several
by Germans who became
• I
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
Marine Hymn Reversed;
That’s Poetic License
Thousands of United States marines as well as civilians are familiar with the strains of the Marines hymn, which proclaims the valor of the sea soldiers on many a far-flung battlefield.
The author of the original stanza reversed the chronology when he wrote "From the Halls of Monte :uma to the Shores of Tripoli," foi the marines were campaigning in Tripoli more than 40 years before :hey entered Mexico City with the iriumphant forces of Major Genera' Winfield Scott. Mere poetic license however, can not dim the luster of heroic deeds which inspired the IN *ong	I ™
NOTICE

Rehabilltion of Fatms
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the Estate of Joseph Beaulieu, late of the Township of Clarendon, t armer, will not be liable for any bills or accounts incurred by Bernard Beaulieu without the written authorization of the Executrix of the said Eutate previously given in writing.
Shaw ville, Que, August 25th, 1939.
GertbvOs Aubin,
787-A Querbes Avenue, Outreinont, Que.
Executrix Estate Joseph Beaulieu.
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
There are three main activities in
with the work of Prairie
culture work,
connection
Farm Rehabilitation land utilization, and water conservation. Culture work, directed principally by the Dominion Experimental harms, deals with the control and prevention of soil drifting and sound farm practices suited to the droutht area. Land utilization has to d«> with resettlement based upon a soil survey. One of the principal features of land utilization has been the establishment of community pastures sub marginal lands Water conserva . development includes large and small irrigation projects and stockwatering dams and dugouts for retaining the spring run-off snow ou farms.
years ago Canadian citizens )
J. L. HODGIN8
Archbishop Canterbury Appeals tor Loyalty and Unity
Phone 64-J.
on
The Archbishop of Canterbury in an appeal Saturday for loyalty, calm and unity, said "let us allow no feelings of hatred or ill will toward our enemies to stain the honor of our cause."
"May God defend the right,” he y rayed.	Milk Consumption on
Writing in the Canterbury Diocesan Canadian Farms Gazette, the Archbishop said, Adolf Hitler was "the last man to listen to
lieaceful persuasion, have no feelings of enmity toward the German people.”
“Rathe**, we have a feeling of synv
“Their minds
lion or
NOTICE
Notice to Ratepayers of Examination of Collection Roll
iz,zrziz'z<z'ziy«z'zv|z'zviziz’z'z'z’zviz zwizi/izviyiziyiZiz zvizv z z xix x x x x z x z x /
Early in the last century, the ms rines were with Decatur, Preble and Cambridge in our country's campaign to bring the Tripolitans to rerins, often boarding enemy vessels and fighting hand-to-hand with pike and cutlass. Their crowning teat was the hoisting of Old Glory over the captured fortress at Derne, Tripoli, in April, 1605, the first time the Stars and Stripes floated over a fortress of the Old World.
Province of Quebec School Muncipality
of Clarendon
PUBLIC NOTICE Is hereby given
to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this School Municipality, that the collection roll of school taxes, as established bv the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my p*)t*eesion for inspection by parties interested, during thirty day* from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer <nay, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into eonsider-ation and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of Commis to take place on the 4th day of October. 1939, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of eight o’clock in the evening : but such delay expired, it shall come into forcé and every person interested, after hating taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his tax** to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further
notice.	_	,.	. 1
Given at Shawville, Que, this 29th
day of August, 1939.
DALE’S TINSHOP
An excerpt from a report by the Economics Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, shows the consumption of milk in Canadian farm homes—whole milk, skim milk and buttermilk.
According to the report the average consumption of whole milk per person in the 1,823 farm households studied throughout Vanada was 1.09 pints, but there was a considerable range in the average consumption rate on the different provinces.
Consumption was highest in Saskatchewan, 1.46 pints and lowest in New Brunswick, 0 90 vint. This consumption rate of 1.09 for the farm homes of Canada compares fairly closely with the daily per capita consumption of one pint in 360 farm households in certain rural areas of Quebec, Ontario and Alberta, as arrived at in former survey by the Economics Division. In the latest survey, more than a third 33 36 percent, of the milk consumed in farm homes was used in cooking and approximately two thirds was consumed as a beverage.
The report was prepared by the Division at the request of the Associate County Women of the World for a study of the consumption of milk, cream, butter and cheese in rural households in Canada.
but added "we
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
pithy” he continued have been bemused by what can only be called unscrupulous propaganda and we believe that in their hearts they long for peace as truly as ourselves."
It was a later generation o! ma rines who played a valiant part in the assault and capture of the outward defenses of Mexico City in the Mexican campaign, and lost several men in killed and wounded, including one of their gallant leaders, Maj. Levi Twiggs. With the army they marched into the city on September 14, 1847, and soon afterward the Stars and Stripes were waving over the historic site where the Montezumas, Cortez and succeeding rulers had held sway over the Mexicans.
For nearly a hundred years the hymn had been sung by the sea soldiers all over the world, "in the snow of far-off northern lands and m sunny tropic scenes,” gaining more and more favor with the passing of time.
BEATTY PUMPS
Details ot Crisis
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
(Canadian Press)
Historic 1939 dates
March 31—Great Britain pledged British French aid if Poland’s independence is threatened and she fights.
May 5—Poles refuse German territorial demands, but offer to negotiate.
Aug. 18—Germany takes military
possession of Slovakia.
Aug. 21—Flans for German-Soviet aggression pact announced, one day after trade agreement is reached.
Aug. 23—Hitler reported to have demanded all Polish territory once Ger-ruled, threatening revision if Po-
Far-reaching British-
sioners
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
non
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, DUE.
man
land resisted
French military measures taken
Aug. 25—Hitler Polish demands. (His proposal, ultimately revealed, was for immediate return of Danzig, which he since has obtained through proclamation. He offered a plebiscite in the Corridor in a year’s time to determine by simple majority whether Germany or Poland should have it. If Germany should get the Corridor. Hitler would give Poland narrow extraterritorial strip to the port of Gdynia.
Aug. 27—Hitler sends note to Daladier designed to justify German policy.
Aug. 28—Britain replies to Hitler in a closely guarded statement.
Aug. 29 and 30—Diplomatic exchanges continued in an atmosphere of dwindling hope for peace ¦	¦¦
Sept. 1—Chamberlain accused Hitler of senseless ambition,” disclosed Great Britain and France had sent Berlin a "last warning.”
Sept. 2—Chamberlain, revealing Mussolini had suggested a five-power conference, said Britain was willing to participate only if Hitler took his advancing troops out of Poland. Britain gave Germany until the next day to decide.
Sept. 3—Great Britain, receiving no answer, declares war on Germany.
Kenya Colony Famed
For Big Game Hunting
Kenya, famous tor its big game hunting, looks small on the map of vast Africa, but it is actually larger than France. It is a land of lakes that have no outlet, deserts where it sometimes does not rain fur a year or more at a time, fertile, well-watered farm lands, elephants that climb mountains and tribes among Province of Quebec	\	which a wife can be bought for a
Municipality of Clarendon/	small amount of grain or coffee.
Public Notice is hereby given to all Back from the hot, damp coasta; proprietors of real estate and resident region, Kenya slopes up gradually householders of this Municipality, that to a fertile plateau in the south, the collection roll of Municipal Taxes, 4,000 feet or more above the sea, as established by the Municipal Council where white men can live comfort-of Clarendon has been made and com- ably. The climate changes from pleted, and that it now is and will re- tropical to temperate as the land main in my possession for inspection by rises. In the hot lowlands a/e raised parties interested, during thirty days cotton, sugar and cocoanuts, and in from this notice, dnring which time it the cooler uplands, wheat, maize, may be amended ; any ratepayer may, coffee and tea.
during the said delay, complain of such Up from Mombasa to Nairobi the roll, which will be taken into considéra- capital and lead mg big game hunt-
mmm mmm
ESKE S£ S3S
into force and every person interested and 191°* after having taken cognizance thereof, if be so desires, shall pay the amount of taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shaw ville, this second day September, 1939.
sends Britain his
JOHN A. DEAN
Secretary Treasurer. School M unicipality of Clarendon.
Steady Improvement of Mining Village» in Quebec
The rapid growth of mining Northwestern Quebec resulted in the construction of dwellings which were scattered here and there all over the countryside. No provision whatsoever had been made for sanitation or public utilities. In a number of cases they were eyesores
To remedy these deplorable existing conditions and to insure that they would not be continued in future, the Honourable Mr. Gagnon, Minister of Mines and Fisheries, early in 1937, organized a Division of Mining Villages in the Bureau of Mines. This division under the supervision of a Municipal Engineer of wide experience in this work, has now complete charge of all mining villages and works in cooperation with the Department of Municipal A (Bairs.
The selection of location easily aces-sible to the surrounding mines and with a background of scenic beauty ; the installation of public utilitie and other things which make life pleasant in a community all ccme within the scope of the Division of Mining Villages. It also supervises the sale of lots from which the money to carry on this work is derived. •
The province of Quebec has been fortunate in having had the men of vision who planned the villages of Duparquet, Noranda, and Bourlamaque, model villages which have been most favourably commented upon by all who have visited them.
The villages of Malartic, Sullivan, Cadillac, Pascalis and Rouyn South have been planned and built under the Division and during the present summer further extensions are carried out.
This work is vital to the well being of the population and to the mines themselves as it provides ideal living conditions, which in turn creates more contented workmen.
ESTABLISHED 1883
NOTICE
INVALID
COACH
a
GEORGE HYNES Sc SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
, in Parliament
Phone 80
Beattie’s Eye Service
King George Calls on Empire To Join Britain in Just War
The text of the address of the King to bis subjects in all parts of the world on Sunday was as follows :—
"In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas, this message, spoken with the same de of you as if threshold and speak to you myself.
Fdr the second time in the lives of most of as, we are at war. Over and over again, we have tried to find a peace ful way out of the differences between ourselves and those who are now our enemies ; but it has been in vain.
We have been forced into a conflict, for we are called, with our allies, to meet the challenge of a principle which, if it were to prevail, would be fatal to any civilized order in the world.
It is a principle which permits a state in the selfish pursuit of power to dis
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If yes want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Children’s Food
The most important factor In muring good nutrition In children is the knowledge how to select the proper kinds of food and how to encourage good food habits. Children begin to form food habits soon after they are bom. Parents can see to
early food habits are good ones that will stand by their children for the rest of their Uvea. Good appetite is a big help In forming good food habita. Children who have enough sleep and who do not
mm mm
tag” can become a bad habit that spoils the appetite for regular
meals, .. .....
JOHN A. DEAN,
Sec. Tress.
Municipal Council of Clarendon.
pth of feeling for I were able to
each one
it that th
cross your
Scientist Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE,

Roy Scouts and Doctors for the untiring efforts to restore the life of their beloved son and brother, Clifford Grant.
Shawville Pair September 28, 29,30
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
«HÀWtriLMt Umitkd Chukch Rev a. F. Fou*» B A , B.D. pA.itor Sunday, September 3 11.00 a.m. Service at Sbawville
The Paator will preach oo, "The choicest knowledge we can have*.
1.30 p.m—Evening Service at Zion
3 00 p.m 7,30 p. m.—Service at Shawvilîe
Address by Rev. U. B McLean of the Bible Society, It is expected this Ulk will be illustrated with slides,
=
The Equity
PRINTING
The Hoad Back
To School
«
liiaiiiKI ism
pcBUMieD »r*BT tbubsdat at SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
»
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United State».
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Service at Stark’» Cornera
$1.50
# #
Bumpier nearly over, holidays almost done, the great problem is getting ready for school.
After a strenuous vacation, your boys and girls will require new outfits for school opening.	_____
2.00
All arrears must be paid lo full before any paper U discontinued
Bbihtol United Church
C. Armstrong-Saleh, B. D.
Sunday, September 3
St Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m **	41 Service	11.00a. m
Knox.
Austin,
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Farm for Sale
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or lea,, on the seventh line of CUreudon, one mile from KhawvUle. One hundred acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
EDWARD H. MEE, Sbawville, Que.
S.30 p. m. Sunday School 10.30 a. m. ¦	7.30 p. m.
Service
30 to 31 $1.39 to $1.50
75 to 95 Cts
Boya Tweed Pants, longs, sizes
«« aborts, “ 28 to 30
Service
I
Youths “
ANGLICAN 8t. Paul’h
“ 5^ to 34	$1.25 to $1.30
Boys Breeks,
* «4
Sunday, Srptember 10 10.00 a. m.— Sunday School
Morning Prayer
$1.49
“ heavy whip cord 30 to 34
11.00 a. m 7.80 j>. en.—Evening Prayer
St. Lukk'h
25 to 49 cts.
....	35 “
25 “ 29 “ 59 “
Farm for Sale
Boys Golf Hose........
Girls Fine Lisle Hose “ Ribbed Hose
“ Silk Hose.......
“ Crepe Hose...
“ Full fashioned, semi-service, pure silk
Hose ...........................„
?« Full fashioned, Chiffon Hose, pure silk 69
i
1.00	p. m.—Sunday School
1.30	p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. ro.—Sunday School
3.00	p m.—Evening Prayer
Well Improved Farm, being Lot 11 the 4th Range uf the Townahip of Clarendon, containing 60 acre* more or lets, four miles south of Shawville. For farther particular* apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
R. R. No. 8, Shawville, Que.
on
Pariah of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence in charge Sunday, Sedtember 3 X0.30—Oreermount, Morning Prayer 2 30 -Charter!*, Evening Prayer.
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Phone 82- 23
If you are leaving home to attend College going to school elsewhere, and require new
window display of high-
Reflected Glare Removed
Illuminating Unit
Providing illumination free from reflected glare, a new type of lighting unit was demonstrated recently It was a desk lamp so arranged that light from an ordinary bulb was passed through a sheet of transparent material, to remove live light waves that cause reflected glare, says Popular Mechanics. Those waves or . vibrations of light useful for seeing were not affected, but the waves ordinarily reflected as white specular light or glare were eliminated. The effect on the printed page warn * startling clarity ot detail unobscured by reflections.
With glare eliminated, other lighting problems may be solved. Intensities can be Increased to desired levels without the otherwise proportionate increase in reflected glare frowned upon by optical authorities. The light source may be placed directly in front of the reader, thus assuring even distribution of light across the page without concern as to reflections. While the reader has no sense of brightness with polarized illumination, much higher intensities can be maintained.
Glare, according to optical experts, impairs the visual function because it bleaches out the visual purple faster than it can be regenerated by the human system.
or
How Captain Cook’s Cloak Ended Up in Leningrad
Captain Cook's orange-colored cloak and helmet are among the outstanding exhibits of the Leningrad Ethnographic museum. How it came to the Leningrad museum is an interesting story
Briefly the facts are these :	En
route to the Bering strait in 1776, Captain Cook, the famous English explorer, discovered a group of islands now called the Hawaiian islands. Cook named these the Sandwich islands, in honor of Lord Sandwich, then first lord of the admiralty.
Believing Cook to be the divine King Lena, a hero of their folk tales, the Hawaiian natives received the explorer as a god. Kaçnehameha I, chief of the Hawaiian», presented Cook with a helmet anl cloak made of the plumes of a small bird now extinct. Each bird had only four plumes.
Proceeding on his voyage. Captain Cook passed through the Bering strait and arrived at Kamchatka, one of the northernmost points of the former Russian empire. Grateful for the warm reception given to his exhausted crew. Cook, out of gratitude, presented the cloak and helmet to the governor general of Kamchatka.
Fro
see our
baggage ;
class baggage, Trunks, Suit Oases, Club Bags, Overnight Oases Wardrobe Trunks, etc.___
USED CARS
Girls all-wool pullover sweaters, assorted colors,
good quality .............. 89 cfcs* to *L0°
Bovs and Youths sweaters and pullovers 69 to 89 cts.
Shirts	. ..	59 to 69 Cts.
Girls School Oxfords, brown or black $1.98
» :: : KSS-
Scribblers, Pencils. Ink, Fountain Pens and
all School requirements
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage
1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle
taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
ii

44
ii H
G. A. Howard & Son
GROCERY department
Ford Dealers
Quebec
>
other used to make, large 1 lb b»r 8 for 19c
Shaw ville,
OatmtLÏ Toilet	for the complexion, per bar
English Bath Soap, large bar, t for............
5o
25o
23o
250
Japan Tea
Êmmmm
Cheese “ as you like it" Cheese
“with the whiskers.
Everything for Pickling and Preserving
XXX Pure Spirit Vinegar, per gallon.
JB? jLSfSJSÎ ' B&. Ind'%s.Memba Seals: ' Spices
r
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Besson for Home Baying
Out of every 100 American home owners, 50 buy their first house “to have a better place to bring up the children.” The next greatest motive is Just • sentimental longing “for a home of our own.” Investment runs # poor third as a reason for home ownership. The average American couple buy their first home when they have been married five years; when the husband is 32 and the wife Is 29. The average price paid by the families studied was $4,899. almost exactly two years’ salary, the average annual income reported be ing $2,452. New homes were built by 31 per cent of the families questioned	¦hMhpIhMhip
chased older houses, and there were
children in 61 per cent of the families at the time their first home was purchased.
Cats Called Destructive
According to the National Wildlife federation, the animals most destructive to wildlife on the farm are three that make their home with man—the cat, the rat and the dog. There has been so much said about the harm done by cats that progressive farmers no longer tolerate stray cats about their property. Without counting any other loss from cats, the destruction of insecteating birds calls for the most rigorous control of this persistent prowler of the fields. Studies of hunting cats show that they follow regular routes, so that if one is seen it can usually be captured by setting a trap in the locality. Various forms of box traps are effective, since the cat is not a trap-shy animal. No estimate can be made of the damage done by rata at a distance from dwellings. In warm . weather; rats take to the fields and marshes and are completely “wild. They are almost as fond of water as muskrats, and swim and dive about well as their valuable relatives
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
fort
Rhone» 278
40c
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Sixty-nine per cent pur
MacLean’s
War or Natural History?
If you think the “Battle of the Herrings” was a great naval engagement, or that the "Pig War” __ was a matter of barnyard politics, w you are mistaken. According to the National Geographic society, the “Battle of the Herrings” was fought in the Fifteenth century between English and French forces when the latter were besieging the French town of Orleans. The fish name was given the battle because the English were attempting to transport Lenten supplies of herring to their troops when the French intercepted them. As to the “Pig War,” this term has been applied to the tariff struggle between Austria and Serbia in the early 1900s, arising out of differences concerning the export of Serbian pigs across Austrian terri-
6. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
BED 6 WHITE STORE
Successor to
Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
tiS
"The
Roy G. f raser
Gifts,
RENFREW, ONT.
¦ok 8S6
Melodeon ms Ancient Instrument
Melodeons go far beck in the centuries for their origin. Indeed a shepherd boy blowing through a bit of willow created the Drat organ. But as late aa the early 1800s this tuneful little instrument, often in a beautiful rosewood case with quaint beading and lyre-shaped ends, exceedingly popular. The melodeon is a reed instrument. » he tone is produced through bellows operated by pédala, one serving to create a vacuum through which ‘-he air rushes and in its course passing through the reeds, the other producing the swell.
School
Supplies
Pickling and Preserving Necessities
Novelties
Flowers,
Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
** pints
Phone I0O
$1.00
25 cts.
ii
ii
ii
Inks,
Pens.
Pencils,
Scribblers.
Note Books, Fountain Pens. Eversharpe Pencils
was
<4
44
Zink Rings Rubber Rings
XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gal. 40
Pickling Spice, 4 oz. pkg.
« *« 2 “ “
Mustard, pure, bulk, 4 lb.
Keen’s Mustard, " 44 tin
u	“
Para wax, per pound....
Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed, Qassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in-
06 "
44
44
On
vite your patronage orders of #1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
10 “
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
05 44
us collect $8.00 or oser phone ue collect
10 *4 28 44
and we shall prepay
B PRKS1NTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generation#
55 “
1 44	$4
cassas
one that absorbs all. or "**rly,*U the light waves, and a white object Is one that reflects all, or nearly ail the light wayee.
15 44
*******
7 a
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
are
a*d 11 IP* * a*
a

Main and Centre Ste
• HAWVILLE,
SHAWVILLB FAIR September 28, 29, 30
8HAWVILLE - QUE
QOS.
###PAGE###6###
¦

r
Bumper Peach Crop Loads Trees In Ontario and B.C.
SMI7
because they are no after-effects and because it is unnecessary to wait for the anesthetic to wear off. Parker wonders whether we may some day be froien into an. eatheeia when we have eto have our appendices cut out.
WATER ABOVE EARTH
A new weather instrument so delicate that it can measure the temperature of drops of water a mile above the earth has been announced by the American Meteorological Society.
By concentrating the light of the sky on a "cascade" of mirrors U is possible to detect changes of as much as 35 degrees Fahrenheit in the upper atmosphere and to use such changes in predicting the weather for the following 24 hours.
Modem
Etiquette
VH AT REMINDS ME-
OODEN'S IS BEST FOR ALL SOUND PLEASUSI
1

0
BY ROBERTA LEE

1.	—Shouldn’t one be very careful what he writes In a letter?
2.	—Should a college girl introduce herself as Misa Hall, or as Edith Hall?
3.	—When giving a bridge party which follows a luncheon, is the hostess expected to serve sandwiches, or cakes, during the game?
4.	—What should one say In congratulating a bridal couple?
6.—What ia a good toast to offer to a guest of honor?
6.—When cutting meat on the plate, should the end of the knife handle be visible?
Answers!
1,—Yes; he should be very careful. One should not write anything that the recipient can resent, or that would cause him embarrassment If the letter were shown to someone else. Remember that a letter is often the basis for a law suit. 2.—She should call herself Edith Hall. 3.
4.—This depends entirely upon how well one knows the bride or bridegroom. Remember that it is a breach of etiquette to congratulate the bride on getting a husband. 5.—‘Here’s to our guest of honor. He deserves what he gets, and may be always get what he deserves." 6.—No; the handle of the knife should be concealed in the palm.



*
r
-

'




m

There’s a world of satis- ljgr^l faction in rolling your own with Ogdenrs Fine
I handy packages ^ or Hlb. tins, Ogden’s gives you real value. Of courte you’ll use the beet pepers—"Vogue” or "Chantecler”.
Cut. In

FARM
PROBLEMS
Eel

rs/—

#
A»k
IV
r#r
#
*
0%M>
*¦ V
&
«I
FALL WHEAT CROP REPAYS
ITS CARE
tà



| Fall wheat is now a popular topic of discussion among farmers snd all those interested in the growing of field crops. The old argument as to whethei chess is wheat in a depraved form or a species of plant that thrives when the wheat is poor still persista but ie gradually giving way to the more modern topics of better varieties, fertilizers and disease-control practices.
Even the casual observer cannot fail to notice how thick, uniform and strong the crops are in some fields as compared with those of many others in the same district. Fertilizer enthusiasts claim that proper feeding is the key to success; seed producers uphold the merits of high grade seed; but all admit the benefits derived from the new mercuric dust seed treatment. À thorough check-up shows that each of these factors, coupled with proper seed bed preparation, plays an exceedingly important part.
The results of many carefully supervised fertilizer experiments, conducted by agricultural colleges and other experimental stations in co-operation with inter-eatd farmers, leave no doubt of the advantages derived from adequate, well-balanced fertility.
Phosphat (phosphoric acid) is particularly important. Root development, strength of straw, fillIng of grain and uniform maturity demand it.
V
No.

an
i

£
<>•


¦

OGDEN’S
S-s* ?
%

N t

Federal Department of Agriculture estimate indicates that a bumper crop of peaches is being picked in Ontario and British Columbia	this year. The estimate places the 1939 crop	in Ontario at more	than 650,000	bushels,
an increase of 15 per	cent, over the 1938 crop, which was a	good	one, and	in British	Columbia at	143,000
bushels, 10 per cent	more than last year. Some indication	of the	bountiful	crop may be gathered from these
pictures of the peach	crop in the Niagara peninsula.
%
/
«i
The Harper Method

What Science
O
Fifty years ago, a young girl in her ’teens founded the first system of beauty culture based on scientific principles. With nothing more than $360 in capital, her youth and a head of luxuriant hair, she started out or. the road to success. She made a study of hair health and scalp conditions as would a physician. Her preparations became popular and her scientific method of treatment gradually invaded the field of skin care and special massage. Today the Harper Method Preparations are compounded with prescription-like accuracy. Graduates of the Harper Method Training School own nearly 600 authorized Shops where the Harper Method is practised according tc the principles laid down by the founder.
Have You Heard
#
IS
Doing *
IRESTONE Champion Tires are sweeping •side all performance records, greatest tires Firestone ever built—the only tire all these advantages:
F
*

FLAT CHESTS
Dr. S. E. Weisman of he Uni-versiy of Minnesota has written a book "Your Chest Should Be Flat” which dispels, the old notion that we ought to have torsos like barrels. After having measured 20,000 school children and tested 600 for vital capacity he decides that as a child ages the thorax broadens and flattens. The chests of the tuberculous, so far from being flat, as many suppose, are actually deeper, hence more undeveloped, than they should be. Dr. Weisman wants to forestall tuberculosis. Hence he suggests exercises of the kind that played their part in the evolution of man from the lower animals.
Those Neighbors Again!
MI have called with that book, madam, ‘How to play the Piano’,” maid the music traveller, gently. "What book?” asked the lady, indignantly. "I didn’t order any book.” "No madam,” said the man, nervously, "but the neighbors did, and they asked me to deliver it to you.”
They're the
I
l

•âL
i »
SAFETY-LOCK CORDS

entirely new
method of tire building—35% stronger.
Good Rotation
A fertilizer of the type of 212-6 provides a suitable balance of supplementary plant food for this crop on loams and soils of moree than average fertility. Higher phosphate fertilizers, such as 2-16-6 or (f-16-6, are preferable on men y of the heavier soil types and areas notably deficient In phosphate.
Fall wheat provides a desirable division of work. It is a crop that can be sold for ready cash or used as part of the grain ration for most classes of livestock. It Is a good crop to retain in the rotation, and on many a Western Ontario farm, where extreme drought prevented the satisfactory development of spring grain this year, fall wheat is likely to be the only profitable cereal.

o
i EXTRA CORD PLIES •WBEejXM
under the tread make VWftKEEH the tire safe at any speed.
A THICKER, TOUGHER TREAD with more non-skid mileage.
NEW GEAR GRIP TREAD DESIGN with thousands of sharp angles for quick, safe stops.
STREAMLINED STYLING—available with black or white sidewalls. Champion Tires give your car an entirely new appearance.
NO EXTRA COST—Champion Tires are today’s top tire
Exciting
Boggs: “Frank is keeping a •ecret record of hi» whole fried life.”
one of those scrapbooks !”
Hoggs:
"Oh!
How Can I ?
Dim Wit
A tale is going the rounds about the dim-witted chap who lived in a small town and had no means of support The "boys" got ther and decided to chip in cents each and create a job
BY ANNE ASHLEY
FROZEN IN ANESTHESIA -Professor G. H. Parker (Harvard) reports in Science that when he has to experiment on fishes, amphibians and reptiles he drops them jnto Ice water. Cold so stupefies them that they are easily operated upon. He likes cold better than ether and drugs
Q.—How can I steam-cook an apple pie?
A.—When baking an open-top apple pie, invert another pie pan over it. This will make the steam
x
for—we’ll call him Lem. Then
they appointed a paymaster.
There was an old brass cannon ta the town square, and Lem was Instructed to shine this cannon every day, rain or shine, and st the end of the week the paymaster would turn over seven dollars.
Lem worked with great zeal for about three months, shining and ehining and shining. One Saturday night he approached the paymaster with a wild gleam in his
cook the pie thoroughly.
Q.—How can I eliminate flies from a room?
A.—Placing a castor oil plant in a room tends to drive away the flies. Many people discourage flies by placing in convenient places small saucers containing a mixture of cream, ground black pepper, and sugar.
Q.—How can I facilitate the pulling of threads from linen? .
A.—Before pulling the threads, run a damp cloth along the line where the thread is to be pulled. The thread will pull easily while the cloth is damp.
Q.—How can I remove the odor from a knife which has been used for peeling onions?
A.—Run the knife blade through a raw potato, and it will take •way the odor.
Q.—How can I store quinces?
A.—Place quinces carefully in a barrel, using only perfectly sound fruit, water, fasten on the head of the barrel, and put in a cool place. If done
leap all winter.	,
Q.—How can I treat perspiring
feet?
A.—Put a small portion of household ammonia and the same amount of vinegar into a foot bath. Follow this treatment daily.

X
%

Acreages sown to wheat in the Prairie Provinces this year total 26,813,000 as against 24,946,000 acres in 1938.
CIUMPMN
>
aye.
“I want to quit," Lem opined. "What’s the matetr, aren’t you satisfied with the working conditions?” the paymaster asked.
"Oh, yes," Lem said. "But Pve been saving my money. Yesterday I bought a cannon of my own— low I’m going in business for my-
aalfr
Classified....
Advertising,.
NEW FURNITURE FUR SAL*
BAUY CHICIi»
X

SPRUCE LEIGH WHITE LEGHORN Pullets, farm-ranged. May ed, September delivery, $1. Wood’s Poultry, Route wood, Ontario.
OAVB 20% OR MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse Is stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE we save an average of 20% end pass this big saving on to you. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid. Write ue to-day. Valuable prero. luma given for eendlng cuetomere to ue. McKenna Furniture Co^ Limited. 626 Bay Street. Toronto.
-hatch-each.
, Rock-
9
&
II ICY CLES AND MOTORCYCLES
EDUCATIONAL
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. New rebuilt Bicycles. $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Dukes. 625 Queen 8L __West, Toronto.
Canadian National
Easy Way
"1 wish 1 could find out hew many relatives 1 have."
"Why, that’s the easiest thing in the world—just buy a summer cottage.”
ENROLL NOW FOR YOUR FALL course of study. Ask us about our Practical Advertising course. Com-
Boo
•nee College, 601 Ryrle Bldg. Toronto. Ont. Established 1902.
EXHIBITION
FEATURES!
* FARMS, SALK OR EXCHANGE
ONTARIO
your Matriculation “The Way." Canadian Correspond-
NEW LIFE FOR OLD HAIR
Fill the barrel with
GOOD ONTARIO FARM WANTED In exchange for 40 Silver Foxes, registered stock, and 40 Mink. Eastern stock. George Muclcko. Allleton, Ontario.
LOOK 10 YRS. YOUNGER. NATURelle Hair Restorative — restore» grey or faded hair to Its natural color—stainless supply
Hair Rasoratlve. P.O. Box 373, Toronto.
FREE SILKY ENLARGEMENT
for six weeks
properly, the quinces will
send $1.00 Naturelle
Willing to Oblige
One day a lady entered a large drapery establishment and asked la see some blankets.
After she had seen a quantity af blankets and not made any purchases, the shop assistant said: "I am very sorry, madam, but I am pfiraid we have not any more blankets in stock.”
"It's quite all right,” replied the lady, "I am only looking for a friend.”
"Madam," said the perspiring shop assistant, "if you think your friend is in among the blankets, I old be very pleased to go through them again for you.”
MOUNTED IN EASEL BACK mount with every roll received and 8 deckle edge Velox prints 25c. 10 reprints 26c. Your favourite snapshot enlarged, coloured, mounted In leatherette frame Sic. Royal Photo Service. Box 6, Station F. Toronto.
This year brings the biggest, most fascinating collection of spectacular and internationally famous five-star features ever assembled 1 A gigantic 8-day Air Pageant of R.C A.F. planes 1 five world-famous dance bands 1... Television demonstration, athletics, all-Canadian Art Show, bands, glamour, beauty and hilarious excitement! It's the biggest annual show of Its kind on earth 1 Don’t miss any of It!
BUGG1E*
BUGGIES WITH OR WITHOUT top, rubber or steel tires. Write for price». J. N. O'Neill A Son, Georgetown. Ontario._____________
PHOTOGRAPHY
PHOTOGRAPHY largement mounted with every film developed and printed, beautiful hl-gloaa finish all for 35c. Quick Photos.
Toronto.
FREE EN-
see
• BUTTONS AND PLEATING
COLORED AND MOUNTED
service. Mall to Canadl 26 Northumberland SL,
BUTTONS. MIXED, RECLAIMED, Sterilised. Postpaid. 30c per pound. 4 pounds $1.00. Laxerflbre Co., 46 fit. James West Montreal.
ENLARGEMENT IN PORTRAIT
If you have a suitable place, you will find your paint brushes always soft and ready for use if kept soaking in water.
easel mount Free with each order. Film» developed, printed 26c. Reprints 10 for 26c. Our never fade process and one day service assures
Photo Service. Adelaide 8L Station, Toronto.	*____
PRINTING
CATTLE
'ATTENTION, HOUSEWIVES— Know your Preserve# and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c, 60# Labels 25c postpaid. Lewie Print Ing, Station H, Toronto, Canada.
Tick eta for all CNF features et 171 Bey
you satisfaction. Beat
DUAL-PURPOSE SHORTHORN Bull# also Heifer Calves, accredited. high production. Bayeide Farm, Owen Sound. Ont_____
3
ill
MINKS
I
i
I
PUPPIES
CHRISTMAS CARDS
FINE DARK, EASTERN QUEBEC Mink, kills or proven breeders, prolific strain, reasonably priced, visit or write. Brighton Mink Ranch, Owen Sound, Ont.
I
GERMAN SHEPHERD PUPPIES, 1
J. St
I

SEND FOR THE CELEBRATED “Royal" sample book of Personal Cards. A beautiful selection of designs which includes six handsome Calendars. Entirely free. Personal Cards, $1.00 per dosen up. Big Commissions and Pram-luma. Increased values and extra free card# for early orders. Very attractive Boxed Card assort-& meats Experience or capital un-necefsary. Orders despatched within 24 hra. of receipt Published over 27 years. Royal Publishing , Company. P.O. Box 1500. Montreal.
months and four months Onga. St Mathias, Rouvllle, Qua.
Y
lZ
Z
TIRE# AND BICVCLK9 PUR 9AIM
Z
Aftermath
X IN herd
MINK. WE HAVE A of large dark mink.

MONK
* 1H#fP
males guaranteed. Reasonable term*. Stan Daly, Smith Falla, Ontario.
5
$3 UP, GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles. $10 up. Write for bargain price Hat Toronto Tire, It# Dundee West Toronto.
y
The cottage of the habitant,
The mansion of the great,—
Each holds one picture, proudly placed
For all to contemplate;
A picture proving that one love Pervades our every léene,—
Fhe picture of that peerless pair. Our gracious King and Queen.
f	—Alan MacLaehlan.
VI»
USED FURNITURE FUR IAUB
FOR SALE—FINE QUALITY MINK
proven highly productive For full particulars write Farm. Eraeet M.
Armstrong, Proprietor, Route 1, Klnrr.ount, Ontario.
II ill
I
from a ¦train. Kawartha Fur
GOOD USED FURNITURE: I PIECE Dining Suita $11.00; ChealerMeM Suites $20.00; Chesterfield u*d Suite $33.50; Studio Couches $10.11 •-piece Dining Suites, like $43.10; Break feat Suites 3: 0 oe. Hundreds of other articles Write ue for your requirements Ter arranged If necessary. McKenna Furniture Ce., Limited, 63$ Bap Street Toron ta
n
«

ai


MEN * SHIRTS
ONTARIO
MEN'S SHIRTS. WHITE. STRIPED patterns, English broadcloth, attached or separate collars, slier IS to IT*. 11*0 Ties. 1 for 11.60. Davids. 17» Craig West, Montreal.
LAKE SHORE PROPERTY FOR sate on Skeleton Lake, good sand
39
lee Stroud. Aepdla, Ont.
###PAGE###7###


A 70-year-old m»n, Hodss
eho, has juet celebrated hie niafe
wedding at Sarajevo, Jugo-elarU.
Hie bride ie aged 26. Of Pashe%
eight former wives, four died am# the remainder eloped with other men.
They stood around for hour# till the work was completed and finally went back to their boats. Daring the long winter nights they'll
tell their relatives and friends of the funny ways of the white man they saw with the moving Iglooe.
Eire's First High Commissioner To Canada
The type of weaving that we've In mind Is more elementary and the equipment need Is home made. Nev-ertbeleee, one can turn out such lovely things ss two tone envelope base, scarfs, hodlers, spider web berets, lamp ahades, baby's afghans and — so many useful and beautiful thing# for personal wear and the home that It would be Impossible to list them.
Sunday
School
Lesson
[ This Curious World
I "ATLANTIC	__
By William
Ferguson
1
Your Loom
Best of all, these things are Ml woven on "looms" made of a piece of cardboard, an old hoop, a paper plate, a simple frame, and other articles common to every household.
fSAlAHi A LIFE DEDICATED
TO COD
Isaiah #; 1-13.
4
I M
4


r
Golden Text lee. 6:8.
Here ent I; send
FLYING MACHINE7'
Ae for materials, your rag bag or at tie will yield many old things that can be used In weaving.
MEW VORKERS WERE. THRILLED BV THIS
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Uxxiah died in 765 B.C,
Place.—The City of Jerusalem.
1-8. In the year that King Ux-ziuh died I saw the Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up; and his train filled the temple. Above him stood the seraphim; each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. And one cried unto another, and said, holy, holy, holy, Is Jehovah of hosts; the whole earth is full of his glory.
in the year of. King llzxiah's death the people of Israel were given up to hardness of heart and as a kingdom and country to devastation and annihilation by the imperial power of the world. In the same year Romulus was born and shortly after this Rome itself was founded! The national glory of Israel died out with king Uxxiah and has never revived to this day. Mid widespread corruption we find the youthful Isaiah was called to the office of prophet. We remember Isaiah not only for his wonderful prophesies but for his remarkable gift of I oratory
greatest orator that ever opened a mouth on the face of the earth. These passages show us that Isaiah was endowed with great vision and insight onto the goodness of God.
4. And the foundations of the thresholds shook at the voice of him that cried and the,house was filled with smoke. This difficult expression is figurative and means that there was a tremor as if from awe by the sound attending the cry of the seraphim. The •smoke' is a reference to the cloud that is so often mentioned in the Old Testament as the visible symbol of God.
6. Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips; for mine eyes have seen the King, Jehovah of hosts.
Isaiah is overwhelmed with the sense of his own unworthiness.
6-8. Flew one of the seraphim unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar. And he touched my mouth with it, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin forgiven. And I heard the voice of the Lord, saying. Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then I said, Here am I; send me.
9-10. And he said, Go, and tell this people. Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not. Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and turn again, and be healed. Thus Isaiah was directed to be the prophet of his people, the people of Israel with unclean lips. How mournful does the commission sound! It was the terrible opposite of that seraphic mission which the prophet had experienced himself.
headline: almost

*. w
I 1
Eskimos Think White Man Peculiar
OVE HUHOÆEO
he



r
r m


& "mr

r


¦
/*>


Cannot Understand Air-Con ditioning of Viceregal
Train


EDGAR. ALLAN



#

fC j T*

BADLY IfN NEED OF FUNDS
I
Just prior to the departure of the viceregal train from Churchill, Man., which carried Lord and Lady Tweedsmulr south after a short
TO HELP HIS SICK. WIFE,
INVENTED A STORY OF
THE ATLANTIC CROSSING
OF AAONCK. MASON'S DIRIGIBLE BALLOON. AND SOLD IT TO INNOCENT NEWSPAPERS
fl

visit to this outpost, the train was given a close Inspection by a party of Eskimos. Of particular Interest to them was the work of the Canadian National car service men filling the Ice bunkers of the airconditioning equipment.
Eskimos Inspect Train The party of Eskimos was taken through the train and when they emerged with perspiration pouring down their feces partly hidden by the heavy parkas, they chattered to one another excitedly as each piece of Ice was safely stored away.
AS AN
ACTUAL. HAPPENING
o

<p
\
CS
#
%
appointed by Eire in Canada, Mr. John Mrs. Hearne and their two charming chil-RIGHT, and Justin, aboard the Duchess of Bedford a»
The first High Commissioner Hearne, is pictured here with dren, Maurice.
they arrived at Montreal en route to Ottawa where Mr. Hearne ha# taken up his new duties.
k
IN THE.
TROPICS,

TO FILL A DRJNKJN3 GLASS QUICKLV WITH COOL.
Art of Weaving
Returns
Double Duty
WATER. BV CUTTING THE. STEMS
Teapot
SPRJNG" LIANAS
Curious and Delighted They laughed loudly and pointed at the Ice and were completely puzzled. The white man's ways were beyond their understanding. To heat the car on the Inside and put Ice Into It In large quantities on the outside was just too much. The white man sure must be all mixed up. Why did he not stop beating the moving Igloos or stop putting Ice into them? To do them both did not make sense in the Eskimo's way of reasoning.
COWL 1F37 ST NLA ******
He was perhaps the
MONCK MASON, one of the pioneer balloonists, already had received considerable publicity with his balloons at the time Poe perpetrated his hoax, and, Incredible as It seemed, everybody be* lieved the story. Poe had just arrived in New York, and was familiar with Mason's experiments in England, and took this means of meeting a desperate emergency.
At Last A New Device For the
Tea Drinker
Weaving Lovely Things F
Your Home
Thoro hasn't been a new development In tea-making for several hundred years. Coffee rates a new device at least once a year, but the tea drinker has been neglected by the gadget people. Now some very bright soul has come along with a double-barreled teapot, and tea cam be poured and diluted from the same container.
It has two compartments, one for tea and one for water, with a spout for eaoh. There is an Identifying mark on the handle for the side which should contain tea, and it le not necessary to turn the pot around to use the other side. It can just be swung back and forth until the right spout Is over the cup; the lid won't come off, short of a forty-five-degree angle would work equally well for coffee with hot milk, or even for coffee and tea when both are being serv-
Alwaye searching for new women's interests we discovered a leisure time activity that has b gaining popularity — weaving. Not, to be sure, weaving such as our great, great grandmothers used to do which required a large loom and much training.
e
l
NEW ENGLAND POET
HORIZONTAL
I Poet who wrote
"Evangeline."
14	Arabian military commander.
15	Vegetable.
16	Rental contract
17	Imperfect
18	Short match.
20	Roof point covering.
21	Feminine pronoun.
22	Satisfaction.
24 Dry.
26	Idant.
27	Uncooked.
28	Red Cross.
30	Right hand.
31	For each.
32	Period.
34 Snout beetle 37 Prickly peer.
39	Work of genius.
40	Negative.
41	To scatter hay 62 He was m
42	Transpose.
43	To chatter
Answer I# Previous Puzzle
18 Promise.
18 Form of "a."
NANCY 21 popular
Indian poem.
AilOR 22 Shaped like a
IMIIM
IMIÈH *
II13H
Id
a m
11*611
y ;ii
NOTES
RADIO
keel.
23 One who digs ditches.
25 His poems act loved by
27 Reverend.
29 Blood money.
31 House dog.
33 Liable.
NEWS
AND
I
By MADSE ARCHER

September 2nd
10:30 p.m.—NBC CBT Bright Idea
CANADIAN SERIAL IS TOPS
A story, simply told, of the everyday problems faced by hundreds of young Canadians today, essentially Canadian In locale and character, celebrated Its first birthday the coast to coast network of the CBC last month. "Miss Trent's Children'* written by Joseph Easton McDougall, a young Canadian writer with a sympathetic understanding of the subject with which he Is dealing, has now entered on its second year of broadcasting and is heard every day Friday evening at eight o'clock over the Canadian network.
"Miss Trent's Children" is now recognised as the first and perhaps the only Canadian program to attain recognition on both the Dominion and American networks as a dramatic serial as typlcaUy Canadian as “One Man's Family" Is American.
The pot

Club
si
8:to pan. CBS CFRB Professor
Quiz
44 Laughter sound.
46	Senior.
47	Cabins.
49 To yield.
51 Common shad 53 Flying
mammal 55 Cleaved.
57	To sup.
58	Wattle tree. 9 EU
60	Ever.
61	He finished his education 11 Drinks
VERTICAL
1 Pronoun.
35	To do wrons
36	Tennis strokes
2	To set in wax. 38.Copper.
3	Parsimonious
4	Scarlet.
ed
September 3rd
11:00 Noon—NBC CBL Radio City Music Hall.
1:00 p.m.—CBL Chamber Music. 1:00 p.m.—CBS CPRB Columbia Symphony.
4:00 p.m. CBS CFRB So You Think Yon Know Music.
1:00 p.m.—CBS CFRB Gay Nino-
on
Girl Sheep Shearer Competes
43 Relish.
45 Goodby.
47	Grayish while
48	Fertilizer.
5	Year.
6	To unclose
7	Bed for eggs. 50 Rubiaceous
8	Fence door. shrub.
52 Rumanian
London's sheep go streamlined each year at the sheep shearing contest organized by the National Federation of Young Farmers' Clubs in Hyde Park.
A girl shearer was among the 36 competitors this year for the first time in the history of the contest. She wse Miss Evelyn Wood of Kirbymoorside who, with her brother formed the team representing the North Riding of Yorkshire.
Nearly 500 sheep were shorn during the contes , 18 at a time. Each competitor shears six sheep.
10 Sheltered place.
coin
ties
53	Exclamation.
54	Aromatic dog-fashion. beverage.
12 Basketry twig. 56 Unit of en
58Comn 59 Half an em.
1:10 p.m.—CBL The World To-
day
in
1:00 p.m.—NBC CBL Chase and Sanborn Hour.
10:30 p.m.—CBS Kaltenbora Comments.

professor of 13 Plural
pronoun.
Ill !
I
September 4th
•:80 p.m.—NBC ÇBL Voice of Firestone.
9:00 p.m.—NBC CBL Magio Key
9:30 p.m.—CBS CFRB Guy Lombardo.
10:00 p.m.—CBS CFRB So This U Radio.
10:30 p.m—NBC CBL Pageant of Melody.
1:30 p.m.—NBC CBL Information Please.
19:00 p.m.—CBL Geoffrey Wad-dlngton Conducts.
September 6th
9:10 p.m.—CBL Percy Faith’s Music*
10:00	p.m.—NBC Kay Kayser’s
College.
"Good News of 1540" returns to the air on September 7th, and Is to include a special music series by prominent song writers bia s "Star Theatre" returns to the network on September 13 at 9 p.m. The series is to include plays by such noted dramatists as Maxwell Anderson, Elmer Rice, S. N. Behr-man, Robert Sherwood and Sidney
Edgar Bergen and
Fine Air Force
Within Year
Colum
Canada will have an air force second to none in the world in efficiency within a year, says Air Marshal W. A. Bishop, V.C. "By next year we should have 23 squadrons equipped with the most modern airplanes obtainable HBpi in the world in efficiency and quality of personnel.” It would be a "very fine nucleus” for an adequate defence force and "we will be in a position to offer Great Britain substantial sistance in case of war.”
11-12. Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until cities be waste without inhabitant, and houses without man, and the land become utterly waste, and Jehovah have removed men far away, and the forsaken places be many in the midst of the land.
Isaiah asks of the Lord how long it will be before the children of Israel who will not receive his message will turn again to the Lord to be healed. The Lord replied by giving to Isaiah in summary a history of the future of the Jewish people as a whole.
13. And if there be yet a tenth •n it, it also shall in turn be eaten up: as a terebinth, end as an oak, whose stock <^remaineth, j when they are felled; so the holy j seed is the stock thereof. Thus Jehovah says that Israel shall nev- . er perish utterly, any more than j the living seed perishes when bur- . led in the earth. To ‘Judah and Jerusalem' a tenth part shall return; not, of course, an exact literal tenth but a tithe, expressive of the claim that Jehovah still makes on the nation and every sign of that return Is prominent today. Israel, ‘the Holy seed' still secures the perpetuity of a nation.
Howard
Charlie McCarthy will broadcast from Honolulu on Sunday, September 3rd . . . Mutual has booked this year's World Series.
It will be equal of any
TO BE HEARD
Farm Broadcasts p.m., Monday to Fridays 1:30 p.m., Monday to Saturdays.
September 1st
8:00 p.m.—CBL Miss Trent's Children.
September 7th
8:30 p.m.—CBL Serenade For Strings.
9:00 p.m.—CBL Toronto Prom. 10:00 p.m—NBC CBL Kraft Mu-do
CFRB 1:06
CBL
Hall
By J. MILLAR WATT,
POP—One Way to Keep Domestic» Happy
l don't KNOW HON YOU MANAGE TO KEEP THAT MAID SO LONG, __	POP

/
WE SHIFT THE FURNITURE
SO OFTEN SHE THINKS SHE& IN A NEW PLACE EVERY WEEK f
a
3
f

•I
m
\ e
fA
A
yJ


c
»
1
i r "
fm
i
X
I
i
X


r
I

4
He i* incapable of a truly good action who finds not a pleasure in contemplating the good actions of others. — Uavater.
A

I

I

*
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otti
Quality Shoes
Come to the
You’ll Admire
O
SALE—Fire R« g Arabftv* llelfer Calves, bora In March. Folij see redite 1 and blood tested. Apply to Jam»» H. Pkkver. Campbell’s Bay, Que. Phone 81-4.
FOR
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with built in
steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75

FOR SALE—Twenty corde of ml led •oft wood ; e)*o dry etave wood. Apply to Bonne» Corrigan, et Stave Factory, Shaw ville. Phone 83.

Brown Calf Brogue’s—A favorite style with men.
$3.95
Good Year Solid Leather Sole
FOR BALE—Six tube Williams Kl*»< trie Radio, In good condition, for #18.00 Apply to Borden Cohriuan, Shawvllle.
Renfrew, Sept. 12,13,14.15
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
FOR 8ALB— Renfrew Washing Machine with wringer attached. Apply to Geo. Drummond's Oaraor, BrWto). Phone 4-87.
t
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather with leather soles. Special
Lots of Exciting Events Exhibits and Activities for all
Lots of Fun
$2.95
ROOMERS WANTED—Three comfort* able loom*, modern conveniences, suitable for Kohool student*. Apply to M*a. Hknrt Dal* Shaw ville.
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work
' ROOMS TO RENT— Two comfortable rooms to let with or without board. Apply to Mrs. Walter Elliott, King St., Shaw villa.
Trials of speed—Championship Horses Base Ball Games, Big Midway and other amusements
Sport Events
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
FOR SALE—A numbei New Hem eh Ire Red Laying Pallets ; some year old White TLeghorn hens ; pair of Clyde colt* well matched aud broken. Apply to Robt. Tract, Yarm. Que. Phone 16
FOR SALK—1090 Ford Sedan, newly overhauled and painted, licensed ; also 1999 De Forest Crosley Battery Radio, six tubes long and short wave with C batteries eliminated. New at Christmas. In A 1 condition. Will sell almost half price. Apply to Hbv. W, O. Bvrtvh, Charterls. Que. Phone, Shawvllle 90*17.
Phone 43
-21.
Ste the Prize Winning Exhibits Fruits. Vegetables and Kitchen Exhibits
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Food Exhibits

-
Prize Winning Horses. Cattle, Sheep. Swine and Poultry
Big Stock Show Grand Stand
Performance
MEN ! Here Is good paying work with ia large manufacturing concern of 900 dally necessities used in every home; Sure and quick repeaters. No experience needed. Good pay every day If active, and permanent business certain if persevering. Investigate our plan at once without obligation. Catalogue Free. FA MI LEX CO. 670 St. Clement, Montreal. '	a,
journalists to give a little of that sort of stuff ? If we must talk of foreiguei let's get them on
Tubman — In loving memory of our i Fourth Concession Like this : dear brother, Lome E. Tubman, who "Mr. Adolf Hitler is putting a new entered into rest September 8, 1937. tin roof on his house at Herr be*.
gttden, need it
In Memoriams
See Harry Lajoie’s dare devil 60 foot plunge on a high powered motor cycle. Vanity Girls Revue and Big Musical Programme.
g
Well done, A If, you'll Or this :	leDooce Mus-
solini, of Appian Way Cornera, lias stocked in a new gent s shirting, done in a heavy black mater: ill. and well suited for chores and
Dooce'a slogan is
A lot of
la our hearts your memory lingers, Always tender, fond and true, There’s not a day dear brother,
That we do not think of you.
To think we could not say goodbye Will always bring regrets ;
But the hearts that love you dearly Are the hearts that don’t forget.
Your end was sudden, brother dear.
You made us weep and cry,
But oh, the saddest part of all,
You never said goodbye.
Ever remembered by loving Sisters and Brothers
Are Yon The Mau 7
Watkins dealer (between £5 to 50 years); with car needed Immediately to* hand out Frkk Extracts. In nearby rural route and snpply cataUllahod demand for Everyday Nece**itiea. including Spices, Baking Powder. Cleansers, Soaps; Medicines. Fly Spray. Mineralized Stock and Poultry Tonies 70 year reputation. 10UOO dealers. Must be satisfied with $30.00 weekly at start. Selling experience unnecessary. Farm experience helpful. Credit furnished right parties. Write immediately The J. R. Watkins Com pany, Montreal. Que. Dept. Q- 3 -11
dirty work i‘You can change later.’ boy9 are b<tying.” — Stephen Leacock in “Mole! Memoirs."
Flowers, Fancy Work and Hobbies
Other Exhibits
!
Voting C	Bachelors
Can Choose Wives Here
“Object: Matr rneny Bign wh;ch m.ght well be hung over
and September 7th, 1937, respectively, Monday> usuaüy ln May. and its at Haley s Station, Ont.	feme has spread far from the lit-
Besting where no shadows tall	lle village, which lies about 25 miles
ln perfect peace they await ns all EOuth of Brussels. Marriageable Loved dearly in life and living yet, gentlemen come from far and near ln the hearts of those who will never ^	the hospitality of the maid-
forget.	ens. and during the course of the fes-
Ever rembered by	tivai are eXFected to study their
Sons and Daughters hofte$ses carefully with a view to
what kind of wives they would
Oar Draws at 9.00 p.m., Sept. 13, 14, 15
That is the
Prices As Usual
Cemetery
Donations
Prex iouüly acknowledged | 77 10
Farm Buildings For Sale
Farm building», consisting of a Frame Barn, Stables and Small Sheds. Attractive price for quick cash sale.
Apply to
MRS. JOHN BRADLEY,
Beecbgrove, Que.
Steamer Travel Was Big Adventure in Old Days
Among the objects seen by visitors to the Maritime museum of Gothenburg, Sweden, is a steamship ticket issued in 1858. It contains these regulations:
“Each passenger will be furnished the following rations weekly: Seven pounds of ship's bread, two pounds of salt pork, two and one-quarter pounds of flour, one pound of salt herring, and a daily ration of one can of water for drinking and washing purposes. These rations are furnished from the ship's supplies, but each passenger must furnish his own butter, sugar, mustard, syrup, pepper, and vinegar. Each passenger is responsible for bringing his own bed clothing and tin dishes for eating, drinking, and washing purposes. The ship's master has the fight to withhold water rations until the promenade deck has keen swept and cleaned each day by the passengers.M
u
Alf. Armstrong.........
Mrs. VV. J. Dagg :.....
Andrew Sly.............
Xi0H. Corrigan ........
Melbourne Dale,» Haley’s
Station, Got.........
Mrs Hudson. Chelsea ...
E. T. Hodgins .........
Fred Thomas............
Wesley Hodgins.........
Mrs. James D. Hodgins..
Thomas Hades ..........
Ed. Ccwan..............
Arthur Somerville .....
John Caldwell, Caldwell
John L. Hodgins........
Dwight McDowell .......
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins
Harold Hodgins.......
Chris Caldwell ........
U. A. L. Tucker........
Clarence Brownlee......
Miss Clara Strutt......
G. A. Howard ..........
B.	F. Smith............
C,	W. Hodgins, Timmins,.
OUI »p*âàs»l» iOv»
One of the striking anomalies in geography, says the National Geographic society, is that a small portion of Spain is entirely surrounded by France. To put it another way, there is a Spanish town (Llivin) in France It happened this way: When the present boundary between the two countries was established nearly 300 years ago, it was provided that France should have the “villages" of the old Pyrenees province of Cerdogne. Llivia, the capital of Cerdagne, was no village, however, but a “town" by charter. So Spain, under the letter of the treaty, retained it, together with a fringe of land, with the understanding that it should never be fortified by the Spaniards. Today a mile-long neutral road, cutting across the intervening French territory, ties Llivia to the rest of Spain.
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
1 00
2 00
Tubman —lu loving memory of our make dear son, Lome E Tubman, who passed away September 8, 1937.
When the evening shades are drawn,
And we are sitting ill alone.
In our hearts there comes a longing,
If lie only could come home.
Oft and oft our thoughts do wandtr,
To a grave not far away,
Where we laid our dear Lome,
Just two years ag > to-day.
Sadly missed by Parents.
1 00
If the food is to a man's liking, nnd the young lady who cooked it sufficienty affable and pretty, the chances are that a marriage will follow shortly. Of course, she too must be willing, but since all the girls who take part in the fete are anxious to settle down and raise a family, they are not inclined to be
They entertain their
guests in various ways with dancing, conversation, and general merriment, but making the most of their ability to keep the masculine palate satisfied with good things to eat.
The food served at the dinner is prepared with all the skill of the finest Belgian cookery. It has been said of the culinary art in Belgium that it is "like the best French cooking. only more of it." Thackeray, writing nearly a century ago, tells of an ordinary Belgian hotel meal which included: “Pea soup, melon, boiled salmon, carp stewed in mushrooms, roast turkey, buttered cauliflower, fillets of venison, roast veal, roast lamb, rice pudding, Gryere cheese» and about 24 kinds of cake." Menus are equally elaborate today, with the addition of dozens of “hors d’oeuvres" to be sampled before the meal proper; and whether or not the bachelors who go to Ecaussines all get wives, they are all sure of a repast fit for royalty.
1 00
2 00
2 00
Canada Reports Eskimos Are Moving Northward
Canada's eastern Arctic Eskimos are moving northward, according to statistics compiled by the department of mines and resources at Ottawa, which reveal that approximately 100 natives have migrated north from Southern Baffin island during the past five years.
The opening of a trading post at Dundas Harbour on Devon island by the Hudson's Bay company marked the first group movement of the Eskimos to the northern Arctic. Attracted by the possibilities of better hunting, 11 families of Eskimos from Baffin island volunteered to settle on Devon island and hunt in part of the Arctic island preserve created for them by the government in 1926. The transfer of these natives was completed in 1934 when the eastern Arctic patrol made its annual cruise’aboard the .Nascopie. After a two years' trial the trading post on Devon island was closed and at their own request arrangements were made to return the Eskimos to Baffin island.
In September, 1936, the 11 families —56 homesick men, women and children—with 183 dogs, boats, kayaks, tents and other belongings were moved to Arctic bay on Baffin island, from which point they were to be returned to their homes in Dorset, Pangnirtung and Pond inlet. However, large herds of seals sighted during the voyage down Admiralty inlet made the Eskimos forget their loneliness and they asked to be left at Arctic Bay where a plentiful supply of game was evident _
Success crowned the efforts of the natives to establish themselves in the vicinity of Arctic Bay, with the result that during the winter the wireless operator at Arctic Bay sent a message on behalf of two of the Eskimos inviting their relatives at Cape Dorset and Lake Harbour on
6 00
2 00
2 00 2 00 t> 00 1 00 2 60 2 00
5	00 2 00 1 00 » 00 2 00 1 00
6	00
Jno. J. Caldwell, Sbawville 5 00 Claude E. Shaw, Ottawa..
Mr. and Mrs J. H. Green-i shields, Serna ns, Smsk...
. Dr. W. C. McGuire, Cornwall, Ont.................
J. M. Argue...............
Mrs. A. E. Posselwhite ...
Mrs. 0 eorge T. Horner....
Charlotte Connelly Dr. Ed. Taggart.......
Mrs, Andrew Hodgins .
over-finicky
Still Time to Donate To Special Prize List
That Traveling Pink Bollworm
The pink bollworm, described by U. S. cotton producers as a worse pest than the boll weevil, is a globetrotting insect. Recognized as a cotton enemy in the East nearly 100 years ago, its original home is believed to be India and possibly southern Asia in general. Around
Already we have a good )i<t of donors of ^wcial prizes ready for printing, but delayed for the decision of committees to arrange time and place of judging certain shecials. Consequently any donors advising the committee, the President, directors C. H. McLean, J. XV. Horner. A G. Brough, or the Secretary of their decision to donate, may have their donation printed in the list providing it is received not later than Thursday night, this week. We trust that the friends of the Society may understand that it is not possible for a member of the Committee to call on all possible donors. Please accept this intimation of our wish.
Special grants of $500 00 each, from the Federal Government, Ottawa, and the Provincial Government, for the Fair, causes us to desire as large a list of donors as possible for 1939.
liORXE ARMSTRONG, PrCS.
R. W. Hodgins, Sec ty
Country Type Paper Praised by Well known Author
Take if you will, the terrible hange that has come over journal-The old-time newspaper— I'm thinking of the country type-told the best of everything. The huge city papers that we read now tell the worst of everything -a daily scare of apprehension of approaching war, of imminent die* aster, of deepening depression. We get to expect it, to ask for it, like martyrs asking for suffering.
fashioned
5 00
6 00
London Plans ‘Youth City*
For Visiting Young People
“Youth movements" are playing
. .	, .. _	_ a steadily growing part in the lives
the beginning of the Twentieth cen- . of	countries, but in none
tury, it was brought to Egypt from ^ grcat a part as in the English-India in large seed-cotton imports, gpeaking nations. Keen interest is and has since spread widely. Its now being shown in an ambitious present known range includes much project recently launched to create of Africa, Siam, the Straits Settle- # «'city of youth" in London which menu, China, Korea, the Philip- *would foryn the focal point of all pines, Hawaii, the West Indies, and	organizations in the British
Australia. Brazil and Mexico are Empire.
recent fields for the worm’s depre- Eventually it is hoped that other dations. In the United States Texas, countries, particularly the United Arizona, and New Mexico play un- State8 will be drawn into this
willing hosts to the insect, with Flor- foundation.
ida s wild cotton lately added to its «j*he plan jg build a “city" at victims.	' a total cost of about $5,000,000, with
its own theater, library, dining and
rooms and with various
The foundation
3 00
3 00
3 00
1 00
Mrs
1 00
3 00
2 00
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, Pres. k v. A. F. Fox eh, Sec ty
Used Cars
Streamlining Furnishes
Strength Without Weight
Everything is being "streamlined" nowadays, and the automobile uas
süü wsÈsm
gvs&K rrs »	%-g sssz i = —»
H? 55 SJKr5	gBgggE
igil	FSSFnll “““
that Mr Lem Crowder and hi- ing objective.	seen with the naked eye at eight vl81tlPng Etudent8 from foreign cernn-
daughter Fosiv are back from a On the other hand it would take from a desert camp only 35 miles ,Eies The impression of London trip to the old country They hundreds of pounds of added re- from Cairo. Camping m the desert that these young people would take spent a week going over England inforcement to make a square-bu* t popular arx. a hole dug m the back to their own homes would and Scotland and report the old vehicle as strong and rattleproof as 8and is a ‘fc(d warmer than the probably mean much in the sphere country a great place, right up the modem car. Keeping the weight , blanketed cots provided for those international relations in years to ; KXS to the modern standard !"	down makes the car more efficient ^ who seek the thrills of a primitive
why cant we train our and economical at all speeds.	desert camping experience
1985—Chevrolet Sedan 1931—Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Pontiac Conch
1938—	Willy» Pick up . 1988—Ford Tndor Deluxe 1920—Plymouth Coupe 1937— Dodge Coach • -1931 —Buick
1931—Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 1990-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable price?.
one
(
mm.
Dodge And De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
country new**
new?
The old	MBWI
paper tried to find pleasant
such as :
FOR SALE
J. P. Wilson
10,000 Sheets “TITB LAP” Galvanized Roofing. SurMuflh and Council
Write for list.
KRN BTEELB PRODUCTS Ltd.
imier Avenue Montreal. Quebec
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40

ari) brand*
13
come
Now,
