###PAGE###1###
: t


¦K:
R. C.,

H . t 10/4°
^^KËË!Êffî%'
1* Fi,
VT yi'f
I

###


Wa
5
mV#

No. V. 58tu Yeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15. 1940
$1.50 per annum In Advance
2.00 vo the Un
1
A special work meeting is called for Thursday, Aug. 15th, at 2 00 p. m. for Pontiac Ladies* Auxiliary to get hospital linens .ready for immediate use. All interested per sons are urgently requested to attend.'. Come and bring a friend.
PERSONAL MENTION
GOWLINO
BUSINESS
ENGAGEMENT
Miss Katie Klliott is spending a week’s vacation with friends in Montreal.
Shawville Hardware
Smith—Knipb
Mr. H I. Smith announces the ...	. • n	i. , engagement of his youngest sister,
HtfAN SVPPRR-St. George'S W. | ambmJhownrd!ThU weik
COLLEGE
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with
reputation. Open all year.
of
an established
A. at Ladysmith, will hold a Hean ¦	I
Slipper in the Ladysmith Hall on I Spr. Keith Corrigan and Mrs Saturday evening, August 17th. Corrigan, of Toronto,' spent the Supper to commence at 5.00o'clock | week-end with their relatives here. Admission, 15 and 25 cents.
MARRIED
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Lake—Swartz
A quiet wedding was solemnized
not enjoyed by our grandmothers. week'	*on. of	Mr" ^'''S01 Jîrn£?
lfltb, at 3 00 o clock. Program— I k	med with blue, and with white
Paper by Mi«s Jessie Macfarlane. I Mrs. Thos. Shore, who is spend- picture hat and accessories, was Each member la requested to bring ing the Summer months’ at wearing a shoulder knot of Tabs a friend.	| Manotiek, was in town for the I man roses. She was attended by
Miss Etta R Loken, of Campbell’s ..	.	...	, Hay, whose diess was of heaven
Messrs. Clifford and Arthur I blue sheer, and who wore a leg* „	-,	.	Strutt, of Uuparquet, Que., are I horn hat and a bouquet of tea
For the registration on August spending a vacation with relatives mse8. The best man was Mr. 19, 20 and 21, some change in poll* m this district.	Ernest uiinam, of Campbell’s Bay.
ing places have been raade. In Mr. Jim Johnson, of Montreal I After the ceremony a buffet Shawville West all tho*e eligible I aceompaniea by his mother, are lunch was served to about forty for registration will answer que* guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs friends at the home of the bride’s
United Church. STSSlA »m “	1 """"
East end will go to the High Miss Margaret Caldwell, of Nor*
School. No. 1 Poll, Zion section, nnda, Que,, is spending a vacation
Clarendon, will register in the at the home of her parents, Mr.
basement of Zion United Church, and Mrs. Jas. Caldwell.
Slmwville Women’s
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing, Sheeting Papers, Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
weekend.
Some Changes in Polling Places
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgms Building Main Street, Shaw ville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
lions in
Advocate. Barrister," Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Littlk—Palmer
A wedding of much interest was solemnized on Friday, August 7th, on the lawn of Mr. and Mrs. Geo Palmer, of Clarendon Front, when
Mr. Harold Jackes and daughter,
Miss Jessie, of Merrick ville, Ont.., ...	.	, . v ,	,
spent the weekend at the home uf ^eir only daughter, Evelyn DONAT Le GUERRIER While riding a bicycle on No. 8 Mr. and Mrs. W. J Hayes.	Muriel, became the bride of George
mm# sisidesss
the ground rolling into the ditch. Mr. H. R Stark and son, Billy, 'Ye,re received by Mrs. Harry She was later found lying uncon of Oliawa, Out., spent a few day s ? alme,‘ 0,1 the grounds which had scions by Mayor Goldwyn Me- of the past week at the home of been prettily decorated with pink Doxvell, who was passing and was his parents, Mr. and Mia. \V. C. !Rnt* >v*lltel streamer®, bells and taken into the near by home of Stal k.	Summer blouius.
Mut J. unaniUHii. Dr. S. E. Me- ..	...	...	.	The bride entered on the arm of
Doxvell, of Shawville, was called, Mr and Mrs. Win. Hobbs, have her father to the strains of Lohen-niid it was found she was suffering returned home to Walkervjlle, and gin's wedding march, played by considerably from shock. Her were accompanied by his mother, body was badly scratched and j v S‘ .Ve, , Hobb- and niece. Miss bruised, but there were no bones JVt4 “Quo?, broken.
Injured Near Murrells
Harvest Specials
L.L.B..
B. A
• •
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by-correspondence
Plymouth Binder Twine,
Forks, Handles,
Horse Nose-Guards Straw Hats
R. MILLER WALLACE
, AVOCAT - BARRISTER 189 MAIN STREET
Mrs. Cecil Little, was dressed in i dunk rose crepe goxvn with brown accessories and brown hat, and wore a shoulder knot of orchids, roses and maiden hair fein.
The bridesmaid, Miss Ruby Carson, of Stark’s Coiners, wore a goxvn of navy blue crepe, with tile hat and accessories and a
....	- ----------. corsage of yellow roses.
children, of I bettoid Mine-, Que , I Mr. Cecil Little, of Pembroke,
a vacation at the, brother of the bridegroom, was
Mr. best man.
During the signing of the register Mrs F. W. Taylor sang Beca use”.
After the ceremony, dinner was
M K. McGuire' nnd "other se,'vfd the guest- on the Uwu,
and in the evening a reception in
their honor was given by Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard Armstrong Mrs. Newton Lewis at their home who have been visiting relatives j «t Austin. The young couple will in this district for the past two take up residence at Clarendon weeks, have returned to their Front, home in Vancouver, B C
PHONE, 2-2219 HULL, QUEBEC
1 At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell eBay j every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.in.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every | Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
Mr. R. J. Connolly and family, of South Porcupine, Out., returned home oil Sunday after spending a vacation with relatives in this district.
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Hodge and c<
Test Grain Plots At L A. Smarts
A large gathering of farmers of the district visited the farm of L A. Smart on Thursday evening.
August 8th to view the plots of grain put in for testing purposes by the Dominion Department of Agriculture of Ottawa Growing side by side, were to bo seen many different types of oats, barley, wheat and flax ; a study of which is being made to find the most suitable varieties for this district
Talks on the various types were given by C. Fraser, cereal is t at the Experimental Farm.
At a meeting held on the lawn later addresses were given on agricultural themes by A. Peterson
îf,,,tod"r.r?hj I	! ™" «¦ “* p~-
Farm, Rev. A. b. Poke*, L. A. I Hospital, is spending a threel After LengthjrIllness Smart and A O. Eudes, ot the weeks vacation at the home of her Fades Milling Company.	| parents, Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard
Hcdgins.
D. J. CAMBPELL
are spending i home of Mrs. Hodge’s parents, and Mrs. Langford Strutt.
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Men’s Harvest Mitts
Phone 3 I.
Mrs. Bob. Glasper and infant son, of Ottawa, are visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
friends in this district.
4 »
Horsehide Gloves, Long Cuffs 75c One Finger Mitts Mule Gloves or Mitts
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
I
6 4
66
75c
609 Drummond Medical Building
35c
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 638 8

1
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Men’s Work Pants
Heavy Cottonade Pants,
Strong and well-made $1.85 and $2.35
1 «
Following a lengthy illness the death occurred on Wednesday afternoon, Aug. 7th. at her home,
Wyman Women s Institute	». , M T, ,, ,
A meeting of the Wyman Wo*	*nd Mrs. Clinton Palmer' and	King	Street,	Shawville, of	Mrs.
men s Institute was held at the	family and Mr. Thos. Horner re-	John Fades, in her	«3rd year
home of Mrs. Bronson on Thurs-	turned home on Tuesday after	Mrs	Hades,	was	formerly	Miss
day, August 8th. There was a visiting friends at Sudbury. War- Margaret Anne Armstrong, and good attendance of visitors and ren and North Bay.	was born in Shawville, the daugh
members. A successful food sale	ter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Alex
was reported and donations were Aftei spending the past two ander Armstrong. About 52years taken for the Ambulance Fund. weeks visiting at the home of Mrs. ago she married Mr. Fades, who The programme consisted of the Giles’ brother, Mr. Lewis A Hark predeceased her by 44 years. They singing of a verse of Annie Laurie, ness, Maple Ridge Farm, and other resided on their farm in Litchfield followed by the story of “The friends, Mr. and Mrs. George E. township, and some years follow Romance ot Annie Laurie.” Read Giles and son, John, left Saturday ing the death of lier husband she ings were given entitled “The for their home in Wartime, Sask. moved to Campbell’s Bay, where Pa tell work Quilt’ “Beautifying	she resided for a few years. In
the Home Grounds” and “1m	Mr, and	Mrs.	Ivan Horner, Mrs.	1927 she built	a home on King
pmvement of your home by the	'/VJ*011	ri- FI119 Hllf* children.	Street, Shawville, where she had
re arrangement of the furniture.” Mel bourn, Hilda and Raeburn, of since resided.
A word contest was held for which South Porcupine. Ont., returned Surviving are one daughter, Mrs
a prize was given, and a solo, home Saturday after spending a Archibald Mac Lean, 39 Lowell	_	.	. .
“There II Always be an England	vacation at the home Avenue, St. Catherines, Ont.; two 462 BfOfiSOn Av0,, Cor. Gladstone,
was rendered by a visitor from	ot Mrs. Geo. G.	Horner and other	brothers, John	B. Armstrong, of
the Arnprior Branch ot the W. I.	relatives.	On	their return they	Shawville, and	Rubt. Aimstrung.
After the National Anthem had ^*11 visit their sister, Mrs. Herbert of Ottawa, been sung, refreshments were Sparling at North May. served and a social time followed.
BELAIR 3 267
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Overalls
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
Overall Pants (without bibb) Snag Prof Special Overall Best made overall today
Boy’s Overalls ...............
$1.15
ONT.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 2-7961
$1.85
$1.00
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
4/
y
OTTAWA. ONTARIO

'
Work Shirts
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Tho funeral, attended by many relatives and friends, was held on Friday afternoon from the late home to St. Pa til's Anglican Church I r T Rgattie where service was conducted by1 1 1	}
Mrs. Ross Swartz and the Mi*aeeIRrctoi, Rev. 1. E, R Nm-c. tribute to the memory of Mrs. Idena Brownlee. Barbara Wood- Interment was made in the par-Howard R Hurd man at her fun- ley and Jean Elliott, were joint cemetery, the pa 11-bearers, all end held Saturday afternoon from hostesses at a miscellaneous show nephews, were : - Messrs. R. P the chapel of Hulse & Playfair, Lr at the home of the frfiuer on	h rank Corrigan, Harry
Ltd , 315 McLeod Street, Ottawa.	Thursday evening in honor	Lorrigan, R. C.	Morrison,	ilnlbert
Rev. J. Richmond Craig conduct.	Miss	Victoria Swartz, whose mar	Armstrong, and	Geo. W.	Hades, of
ed the service. Interment was in Huge to Pte Geo W. Lake, took ^%'^^n Place.
Conroy cemetery, Aylmer road. place on Saturday.	Many beautiful floral tributes
Chief mourners and survivais The rooms were decorated with ‘ve,e *^('tdved including the fol-
were, one daughter, Miss Ruth	pink	and white streamers, sweet	[oV"* :7\f ,	Xl ,	Xl
Hiinlmaii ; two sisters, Mis L, K. !	peas	and gladioli.	Mr and Mrs. A.	Mac Lean ;	Mr-dhos.
Wright and Miss Mabel O. lia mil-1 Master Hobby Spence presented G idea and fa mi I v ton, all o! Ottawa, three brothers, the gifts in a prettily decorated J* red, of \ ancon\ er, M t ; \\ el I | waggon, and t lie bride expressed ^1 ington, of Strasbourg, Sask., and liei thank* in lx fitting terms	Mi
Noble Hamilton, of Quyon.	' Daintv rafresl
h ti
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
t
For Miss Swartz
W. A’s Special, Cadet Blue or Navy. Best Shirt value on the market ......................
Mrs. H R. Hurdman
Reg. Optometrist
Many relatives and friends paid

75c
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
REPRESENTING CO M PA NI ES
Strong
Experienced
D v p c i) cl a b 1 e Throne h
Gencrati
shawville”
I
W. R, Hodgins, i t’d
Mr. and .Mrs. ltobt
X riant rung Mr. W J
XrH
~ I t

Shawvi
nd M rs
11
Mr
ml
Quebe

i
»

t n
M
W I
i ;
ii

Mi
.
•II ts \wi
served

ini
il floral
tribut
QUE.

XI


Mi

1“
« »
I
ul at
I
\\ e re i ct
Miss \
Mi iin
###PAGE###2###
I

British Prefer
Canada’s Cheese
college to Montreal Slav reporters.
While In Regina he formed the Argonaut Boys' Club and after the Archbishop’s death, decided to
found the college.
It took shape in 1030. Buildings
worth thousands of dollars were p'ckcd up for a mere song, and former bank buildings were requisitioned.	*
Today the school has 200 students. 75 of them being girls.
BOYS DO ROUGH WORK
The boys do all the rough work around the school, including the heavy household chores, and they have just completed a $4,000 bungalow for the Arts girls.
The boys live in bunkhousee, once used by wheat threshing gangs.
He considers sport as important academic training, and in hockey baseball the college has an enviable record. Last year the hockey team travelled 30,000 miles and it has already given 11 players to the National Hockey League.
• Prince Bernhard Engaged In London
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
Determination One of Britain’s Greatest Weapons: Canada’s Training Plan

E*£

They're Crazy About Our
Cheddar — auction tor Export la Looked
For Here

K*
Increased Pro-


»

>/



t

two

ê
mm
«
The beleaguered United Kingdom will take all the cheese Can-supply, Government dairy
WS.X




a tin can
officials say.	, , .	..
Cheese it is explained, is in its
, valuable for fighting A man can survive on
to report when their classes arc called. The first class is to report about October 1st.
RECRUITING FOR OVERSEAS SUSPENDED: Mr. Ralston indicated that during the period when Canada was mobolizing a
for defense, recruit-

mm
GREAT BRITAIN: The German offensive against Britain became somewhat stronger last week and bombing in streets and congested resulted in many casualties
r *
m
L
way just ns
as guns, w-chvvse for a long time. The United Kingdom wants it in quantity because of its high nutritive value, because it is comparatively to ship and will keep and ’>e-the British like Canadian

areas
In the south of England. Reports -- that the Nazi have cleared tones across the channel along the coast of France as military operations extend some hundred miles inland. This zone of activity extends from Dunkirk to Brest, opposite Plymouth, and the southeast corner of England. In spite of heavy bombing raids Britains prepared to deal with the and anti-aircraft batteries and the R.A.F. have been in constant combat with effectiveness, downing satisfactory percentages in every encounter.



•ay
new army ing for overseas service would be stopped. "It must be remembered,'” he said, "that there is at the present moment no shortage of manpower in England; the real demand is for equipment.”
POLICY TO CAUSE THE MINIMUM DISLOCATION TO INDUSTRY: There are difficulties in withdrawing so many men from the normal life of the community even for the comparatively short period of thirty day's training, but difficulties cannot be allowed to obscure the goal to be reached. The plan has been worked out so that it can be speeded up or slowed down as events require.
NO DISTINCTION TO BE MADE BETWEEN NEW RECRUITS AND REST OF MILITIA: It is important that from the outset of this training plan these men drafted be regarded as members of the Canadian army. As recruits they will pass directly into the militia regiments. No distinctions shall be made except than the men called under this plan will not be available for duty outside of Canada unless .they volunteer for such service. As part of a mighty Canadian which will be available to
6

easy
as

cause Cheddar cheese.
Production is believed to lxs
little in Canadi,
and
¦


stepping up a but it is still far below what it was 35 years ago. In 1940 Canada shipped 234.000,000 pcunda of cheese to the United Kingdom. In contrast to this figure the whole production of the Dominion in 1939 was not more than 122
772,000 pounds.
Early in the year the dairy products board made a deal with the British food ministry tc ship 1,500 long tons in May and 3.000 long tons in June, but upon representations from the ministry moved June shipments toward the 6,000-ton mark.

are
enemy
VOICE
mm.
mm

TO
THE
O F
—¦** i

PRESS
m
I	NAZI UNEASY
Britain's blunt rejection of Hitler’s "peace” advances were followed by the preparation of an • "eight-point peace program” by i Hitler and would indicate that : Nazidom is more anxious to end hostilities than it cares to admit. The best offer Hitler can make -therefore, is a return to the pre-September status quo, perhâps : with some concessions to the K Czechs. This, though a far cry •ifrom the eight points which would leave his boundaries as they are 'jat present, would assure Herr Hit-;ler of continuing as Fuehrer. It is not rash to assume that he is ready, if not eager, to strike a bargain with Britain somewhere between those extremes.
However, the determination of ¦ Britains to rid Europe of the Nazi power will not tolerate such ideas.
$ $ *
j THE BALKANS—The German ;j warning to King Carol of Ru' mania leads us to wonder whether ; he is or is not King. He has been *• playing both ends against the j! middle for so long that there is H little left for him to attempt further. He must settle differences ! wih Hungary and Bulgaria before : September 15th, so say the Axis ! Powers. Failure to meet this dead-• line, authoritative quarters say, may result in intervention by these powers to impose their own settlement.
Reports of the German warning were circulated as Juliu Maniu, leader of Rumania’s powerful peasant party, arrived at Bucharest from his home in Transylvania to oppose any concessions to Hungary or Bulgaria. Sources close to the government had indicated that Rumania might try a compromise solution of Hungary’s claims to Transylvania by offering to cede the three border cities of Satu-Mare, Grade* and Arad and arranging an exchange of populations in other districts. Maniu pointed out that Rumania’s chief strength in opposing Hungarian and Bulgarian demands lay in Germany’s desire
to maintain peace in the Balkans.
# # #
THE MEDITERRANEAN—The hard-handed briskness with which Hitler and Mussolini are extending their domination down the Balkan peninsula increases the threat to Britain’s great interests in the Near East and makes it more than ever imperative that she should maintain her control of the Mediterranean which Italy is challenging. Bombs over England tend to obscure the fact that the Battle of Britain reaches far beyond the British shore. Gibraltar (gateway to the Atlantic), Malta and the Suez Canal arg, vital to the existance of the British Empire.
The British are guarding the Suez canal as zealously as they are their own home shores. Indeed, if it weren’t for the necessity of maintaining such strong naval and air forces in Egypt, Gibraltar and Malta, the home defenses would be much mightier
than they are now.
# # *
CANADIAN ' DRAFT FOR » HOME DEFENSE: The details of Canada's Home Defense Policy were outlined in the House of Commons on Monday, July 29th by the Hon. J. L. Ralston. One of the most important of our war efforts is rapidly taking shape and the present plan is to train 300,000 men for home defense yearly at the rate of about 30,000 a month Mr. Ralston explained. These men will be trained in thirty or more training centres across Canada, each of which will handle about 1,000 men each month. The 300,000 figure for a year set by Mr. Ralston is apparently predicted on doubt whether training can be carried on during the two midwinter months. "It is unlikely that married men will be called during the first year,” he stated. There are to be no exemptions from service. Physically fit men, regardless of their occupation, arc



' -
WHERE'S THAT SUGAR
In all conscience, what happened
which was hoard-
w
to aJl that augnr ed in the first week or two of last
(St. Catharines


;
siSlillBSiiBl
resentatives of the Dutch government.


September?
Standard.

SAID ENOUGH
Wants Bridges With “Oomph”
columnists any,
radio commentators say, experts *ay. No wonder Confucius quit saying. — (Brandon Sun).
Politicians say,
Woman Expert Claims Spans Should Have More Beauty
ly valuable help in the matter of the choosing of the most suitable fertilizers.
provinces and also British Burma, French Indo-China and Thailand (Siam), in which China and Ja-would share economic op-
FAIRS MUST CHANGE OR DIE
There is no good reason yet for cancelling a fair, but there are plenty of reasons why the small township fairs should be reorganized. rejuvenated and made to reflect the agricultural activities of their constituencies. Times have changed tremendously. The township fairs must change or die. — (Farmer's Advocate).
It’s accepted in the bent engineering circle* that bridge building us a job for men but:
Sarah Ruth Watson, 50, and pretty and a bridge expert with a Ph D., is out to make some changea.
Cantilevers and trusses, suspension* and bascule* — they all need "oomph". She's confident that she can give it to them.
Dr. Watson has taken her ideas bridges and beauty before engineering groups over the entire V. S. and is a convention speaker much in demand. Appetite figure, wide blue eyes and long Alice in Wonderland bob don't make her task any harder.
In between times she does historical research at Western Reserve University and writes poetry. Next fall she will teach "the history of structural engineering College, tho first courre of Its kind.
Daughter of a prominent engiti-she wants to "bring aesthetics into bridge building and make* It integral factor; to make the big spans of tho future as much a mutter of beauty as of stress and of strain." Her self-appointed task is to induce engineers to give up the "standard practice of calling in the architects for adornment purposes after the plans are all drawn.
pan portunities.
3. The status of Manchukuo would be left in abeyance in-
Potato-Tomato Plant Discovered
army
defend the county, they will share it* traditions and be the custodians of its honor.
definitely.
U.S. Grafting Expert Gets A Single Vine to Bear Double
JAPAN: In the meantime some dozen British subjects were arrested in Tokio by Japanese police and are being held in connection with Japanese military secrets. The reply to Sir Robert Craigie’s protest said the arrests were "the first step” against a British espionage network covering the entire country. Authoritative sources said they understood that Craigie in protesting against the arrests had touched "on. the fact” that a strong German Nazi party organization exists in "well instructed” in propaganda and political activities.
Indignation is being expressed in London and demands are being made for the re-opening of the Burma Road whereby China received many of her materials for carrying on her war against Ta-
rn me
THE AMERICAS TO PREVENT AXIS POWERS FROM CON- I TROL IN COLONIES
Students of history will now I have another date to memorize I in the future. The plan to pro- I tect territory in the Western I Hemisphere now belonging to I European powers, was embodied I in a draft resolution last week, I called "The Act of Havana” and I provides that The American Re- I publics may establish "regions of I provisional administration” in any -now held by non-American nations which are in danger of becoming the subject-matter of exchange of territories or sovereignity. Thus the 21 American Republics have prepared to back up the Monroe Doctrine with whatever force is necessary to prevent American territory ruled by European powers falling into the hands of Germany or her
A single fruit tree, and a scrawny at that, becomes a veritable or-
on©___
chard when Thomas Glover, o. Stonington, Conn., a gardener for 30 years, gets his hands on it.
HE PERFORMS MIRACLES
Glover, who has conducted many experiments in grafting and budding, has for example, taken one tree and caused it to produce 20 different kinds of apples, as well as a quantity of Bartlett pairs.
Back in 1925 he began notching stocks of various other trees on the trunk of a Baldwin apple. Today the tree produces Baldwins, Greenings, Gravensteins, McIntosh, Golden Sweetings, Denison Reddings, Gillyflowers, Kings, Russets and no less than eleven other popoular
on
farm labor shortage
One of the pressing problem* at the present time is a shortage of farm labor throughout Ontario. According to an official of the Ontario Department of Agriculture, many hired men have enlisted in the army thus leaving their employers without adequate manpower at a very inopportune time, have also deserted the farm for the Array. The department is endeavoring to meet the situation by rushing school boys, registered with tho detriment as available for farm work, to the localities most in the need of help. All along it has been contended that it takes longer to train a man for farm work than for • soldiering, so that the seriousness of the situation facing the farmer should not be minized. — fSimcoe Reformer).
i
Japan,
Farmers' sons
at Fen n
areas
eer
ill!
kinds.
THEY’RE OF SAME FAMILY The basic principle of grafting, Glover explains, is to keep the different fruits of a family together. A pear might do satisfactorily on an apple tree for a few years, while peach or a plum is not likely to do well. In other words, fruits of seed are of one family and should be kept together, while those with stones are of another family and should not he crossed with a seed species.
Potatoes and tomatoes are of the same family and Glover has gone nature one better by having a and the acid fruit above the ground, single vine produce "spuds" below
pan.
“The most effective reprisals,” suggested the Daily Express, owned by Lord Beàverbrook, Min-
Aircraft Production, "would be the arrest of fourteen Japanese citizens in ban on trade with Japan would be
effective and the Jap-
ister for
friends.
Its implications mean that for the first time in history the armed forces of the United States can be used to protect any part of the hemisphere without incurring any liability "or charges of imperialism, since the United States Government would be acting on behalf of all other republics. Since the United States is the only Republic in this hemisphere with a navy strong enough to prevent an invasion or to prevent any power from taking over the French and Dutch possessions, the resolution considered to nominate the
Britain. A
a
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
even more anese deserve it.”



/
Farm Notes . .
8
e
SHOULD CHOOSE BEST FERTILIZER

best" fertilizer for Fall
The
Wheat is not tho same for all the soils and conditions, writes Prof. Henry G. Bell, of the O.A.C., Guelph. The most suitable fertilizer is determined from modern Rapid Soil Tests supplemented with a record of previous cropping and manuring.
All Ontario Agricultural Representatives are equipped with instruction sheets as to How To Take Soil Samples. These may be obtained either from the local Agricultural Representative, or from j the Division of Soils, O.A.C., on re-

9
/
College Is Opened For "Ghost” Town


was
United States as the hemisphere’s
r Q
(

defender.

Big Educational Achievement In Western Area South of Regina
THE FAR EAST
CHINA: Foreign quarters close to the Chungkin government asserted a few days ago that China had rejected unconditionally recent Japanese overtures to halt hostilities and conclude an embracing settlement between the two nations pense of third powers’ interest in Eastern Asia. These informants said the Japanese proposals included the following:
1.	Outright cession by China to Japan of five provinces, Hopei, Charhar, Shantung, Shansi and Suiyuan.
2.	Recognition of Wang Ching-Wei, Japanese sponsored puppet, as president of a Chinese republic made up of the remaining

vs-

-i.1
In a derelict ghost town of the west, once a historic centre of a wealthy wheat-growing area until drought and the depression wrecked havoc, there has sprung up a college which is the envy of the educationalists from coast to coast.
The town is Wilcox. 28 miles south of Regina in Saskatchewan, and the school is Notre Dame College with a Catholic padre as its dean, but with a non-sectarion outlook.	.	'
IN DEPRESSION DISTRICT The dean, short, twinkling-eyed Father Athol Murray, recently told the story of the founding of the
Ai
%
all-
Hr


quest.
largely at the ex-
TAKE SOIL SAMPLES
Z
Soil samples should be taken as summer work will permit.
Jm R-
soon as
These may be forwarded to O.A.C., or to any of the other testing stations. The test will show the level of phosphoric acid, potash, nitrogen and whether or not the soil is in need of lime. With the aid of brief notes as to previous cropping (which are called for on the soil sheets) soil-chemists can give high-
I
U
i
I
Q
I

SB

i
"Oh, plearr, I’m havin’ company this afternoon ! I”
10-6
(Copyright, 1*3#. by fr»d H«hf )
'1
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-Traffic Problem Solved
J
i •Siva*
F-—— -v : „

THIS IS LIKE ELIZA CROSSIN' "V THE ICE /
EVEN WHEN THE UC,HT CHANGES IT NEVER GETS CLEAR/ WELL f NEVER GET ACROSS U THE STREET/ IM \ COIN" TO TRT SUMPTHIN*
. NEW/ CMON, JIMMIE />
J 1
GOSH, I NEVER SAW TRAFFIC SO HEAVY / IT STRETCHES FROM rA CURB TO CURB f

. .
1
l
w
“ 'MW*
1:
t
l!:
MM*
Xn a


w *

Ti
• •




#
0
y
$


#



a
0




Ü
MS
\



'm
u, i r.t c
Ml
kll righ

###PAGE###3###
>
ENJOY ITS PENNINE
Children of Poor Need A Holiday
T
T
Black And Brown For Autumn Wear
HILLS of DESTINY
A
MINT
A
L
FLAVON
B
As
Neighborhood Workers’ sociation of Toronto Strives to Provide Outings in Country For Thousands of Child-
Wine, Green, Blue and Beige Will Also Be Popular
by Agnes Louise Provost
K
L
S
E
Every year about this time, the fashion industry goes into a huddle to decide what colors shall be good
for fall.
•High-powered executives meet, look at swatches'; argue, make big speeches, call in artists and dye experts.
Finally, they make a solemn announcement. Black and Brown will be good for fall. Wine and green and blue and beige will be good, too.
The U. S. National Retail Dry Goods Association has just made
announcement at New
then p^g'-U over to the cashier, confiding something of interest.
“You might have thought we handled those plasters in carload lots,” lie finished. “Wonder what he wants it for?"	*
“He’s probably going to grease some body."
ren
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood, is troubled by signs of neglect. Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee's foster father and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged by lean times, and the ranch is going to ruin. Vir-Matt's daughter, is visiting
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
%
In addition to the children and mothers sent each summer to Camp Bolton, the Neighborhood Workers’ Association of Toronto, strives to provide holidays for some 1,200 children who for various reasons cannot be sent to camp.
Through the country home department these children are sent to homes within, a radius of 150 miles from Toronto. The Neighborhood Workers’ Association pays all transportation costs but no board is paid. Persons living in the country who have room in their home for one or two children generously co-operate with the N.W.A. by taking city children for a two weeks' vacation period free of charge. N.W.A. PAYS TRANSPORTATION It is not expected that the hostess will lay out any elaborate plan of entertainment for the child. Any home that tan offer a garden — or nearby green field (practically known to many children who live in the factory areas); three plain, nourishing meals a day, and a comfortable bed, can be a happy holiday spot.
FOR TWO WEEKS’ VACATION Letters of Invitation should be addressed to.the Neighborhood Yorkers’ Association,'country home dt>
partiront, 22 Wellesley Street, Toronto. They should state clearly as to how many children are invited; the age and sex preferred, and give details of the best transportation route, and where the children will be met; also a letter of reference from the minister of their church.
All children are medically examined before leaving Toronto.
29».
# Every day millions And real enjoyment in the cooling, long-lasting flavor of WRIGLEY S SPEARMINT ÇUM — blended from fresh garden mint.
It’s good for you, too-r helps keep teeth bright and attractive. Dentist» recommend it. .
“FOOD FOR HEALTH”
Last week I spoke of the merit of the publication, • Food For Health, published by the Canadian Medical Association. Continuing with the advice written therein I believe it is timely to mention this week, the “Shop-Hints” and “Cooking Hints,”
THERE'S A FIRE It had been a dry summer. Grazing land was parched ; water; hoi os dried up. Streams were now stone-cluttered bëds of dried, seamed and
cricking in the sun.
One morning Virginia awoke with acrid smell in her nostrils. She dressed and went outside, td find Stanley already out and Joey regarding him with frosty hostljiEy. "Oh, Joey, isn’t there a, fire
somewhere “Shore they’s a fire, Honey,* but it's thirty mile north and it ain’t headin’ this way.” Joey’s tone w^s hing, but he was la inly con-pctnied. “Lee just come in, fin’ he says it’s wiped out four, five ran Hi-( s «1 ready, an' three mile of ^Landin' timber in the hills. He’s been doin’ fire patrol duty ’round here for iho past week, eighteen hours a day.”
“Oh — is there that much danger. Joey?”	• i
Virginia's anxious question th n brought a reassuring answer. .
“I jes’ told ye they wasn’t any danger.” said Joey obstinately.-1 jes thought I’d come up an’ tell ye all about the fire, that's all.”
Ho slumped off, grumbling to himself and cross to the depths of his loyal soul because Lee wouldn't let him tell Virginia from whom the reassuring message had come.
But Virginia knew. In favor or disgrace. Lee was watching and guarding her.

girua
the Archers, her aunt and uncle in New York. Her uncle wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradish, old associate of Matt’s. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley thinks he may be able to discredit Lee in Virginia's eyes, and encourages Josefa Rain her liking for Lee.
pm*
two topics which are of present day value to every thrifty hou e-wife who is interested in , the health and economy of her fan-
such an
York, endorsing these very colors for next fall. It took a committee of
16 to select them.
To a woman who has nothing to
do with fashions except as a shop-it all looks pretty silly. Black, Brown, of course. What

an
ily
5%
Those of you who are filing the writings of this column will have from last summer, my article “Hints on vegetable cook-Some is a repetition, but I wish to give the information exactly as printed ill.
“Food For Health”
52
%
per

9"

of course else would they pick for fall?
The reason for the fuss is that there are so many shades of each color — even of black. From many browns the committee this year has selected two of the best — a nutria shade and a mink shade. So with other colors. Precise shades are selected, then the committee issue* color cards to retailers, manufar t-and designers, for their guid-In assembling your fall ward-


3%

G+
n irez
ing

the book
y
CHAPTER XIV
The ride from (he ridge to the ranch house took less than half an hour, but it was the longest half hour that Virginia could remember. She didn’t want Stanley looking at her. she didn't want anybody to are how blazingly angry she warn, and how ridiculously that * scene back there had shaken her.
Stanley had tactfully, and wisely, refrained from comment. That had been decent of him. but of course lie had seen it. Virginia had caught the turn of Ills head, the cynical grin, politely suppressed.
Hurt pride stung like an angry burn. She turned toward Stanley with an indifferent shrug, dismissing something which really didn't ma:ter, and began to talk of something else. Virginia was unusually nice to Stanley all the way home.
When they arrived she went right ght to her room, locked the door, and dropped on the bed with a strangled sound in her throat.
"Lee!"
One dry sob came, but no more. She lay there with her face hidden in her arm. tg?v shining hair tumbled ami one fist clenched.
Minutes ticked by unheeded.

\

un
\v
a
m
SHOPPING HINTS
1.	Use foods “in season” when
the price is lowest.
2.	When fresh vegetables are high in price, buy canned vegetables, particularly tomatoes os they retain their total food value in canning.
3.	Cheese may replace some of the milk or meat in ones diet. An ounce of Canadian cheese
be used in place of a glass
.1
GET SOME TODAY !
urers
anco
robe.
Designed For Home Harmony
DIFFERENCES IN SHADE To you as a shopper, this careful attention to color means that if you buy a teal blue coat, you'll be able to find a teal blue hat to match it. It means that if you want bright brown accessories to go well with your green wool frock, you’ll be able to find gloves, shoes, hat and bag in approximately the same shade of brown.
Curtains and Draperies Both Should Relate to Room’s Cob our Scheme
may of milk.
4. In buying the cheaper cuts of meat, select those with little
bone or waste.
5.	Foods .in bulk usually are cheaper than those in packages.
6.	When possible buy foods in large quantities to get price reductions.
7.	Familiarize yourself with the of “government grades”
Windows should not? only be decorative and attractive by themselves, but should also harmonize with the entire room.
Curtains and draperies serve a variety of purposes; they may also temper the light, soften the glass and woodwork, bring color and soft-to the room and windows, and
Ottawa Says “No”
In Wordy Fashion
Housekeeping
Is A Business
*
SÎ
As the day wove on the acrid odor of smoke was less noticeable— or perhaps they were more accustomed to it — but there was a sa/-
meaning for food
It took 33 pages of paper and much searching of records to enable the government to answer “no” to a recent question asked in the House of Commons by J. S. Roy, Liberal Gaspé.
Mr. Roy asked if Gordon Ross of Quebec was employed by the government, if so at what remun-and allowances for ex-
ness
frame interesting views, give a feeling of privacy, and shut out unattractive views.
Colored curtains and draperie» should relate to the color of tiie wall; patterned curtains and draperies should contain something of the wall colof. A pattern that ha* from four to six colors may be repeated elsewhere in the room and it may establish a color scheme.
For a room without much pattern on the wall paper, or in books and hanging pictures, patterned curtains or draperies give friendliness and interest.
TWO ROOMS MATCHING
Plain-colored curtains or draperies may match the coloç of plain walls, may harmonize with them, or may repeat some important colour in a figured wall and at the same time harmonize with the rug and other furnishings.
Two rooms may be in harmony if the curtains are the same general color in both rooms though patterned in one room and plain in the other.
COOKING HINTS
1.	Use little water for cooking, except for strongly flavored vegetables.
2.	Save cooking water from vegetables, or liquid from canned vegetables and use as stock in
soups.	e
3.	Cook vegetables with skins if possible. Otherwise scrape
or pare thinly.
4.	Don’t overcook vegetables. Such vegetables as green cabbage and spinach need only 8 to 10 minutes cooking. Red cabbage, potatoes, and root vegetables need 20 to 40 minutes.
WEEKLY FOOD BUDGET To Insure Good Health
It Needn’t Be Hard If You Go About It Properly
fron haze in the air.
Night brought darkness, but little sleep. A little after midnight Virginia slipped out to saddle Black Lightning.
Here are some hints for the inexperienced housewife. First of all, don’t have anything in your house that is neither useful nor pleasing to your artistic sense. Don't buy furniture at the beginning than you really need. The more you have the more work to be done. You can always add later. Another thing, don’t choose furniture that is only raised about half an inch from the ground — this will mean you’ll have to shift it every time you clean, or grovel on your hands and knees.
ON TURNING OUT A ROOM Now for the job of turning out room. Sounds simple — but how
housewives know just
SHE WOULD PUNISH HIM When she sat up ther* were tear stains on her face, but the line of her lips had hardened. She could
Hollister almost as
(To Be Continued)
Varied Autumn Hat Silhouettes
era non
more
on,
punish Lea cruelly as he had hurt her. There one door that she could close
penses.
The answer was “no” and con «.isted of reports from 30 differ departments bronches of the government sev-each stating either that Mr.
was
in his face forever, and then she need never see him again — or his
boards and
en
Off-the-Face and Forward Tilted Models Are Being Now Shown
dingy loves She went to her desk, pulled pa* p4«r toward her and began to write.
That night Stanley again asked her to many him. She listened restlessly.
vice
Ross was not employed by that branch or that the branch had no information on him.
Helen Liebert, one of the most retiring and most original of Am-hat designers, has been
For 2 Adults 1 Child. (Age 1 to
10 years).
encan
long established in the wholesale millinery business in New York. She is known primarily for her large-brimmed summer hats. She designs for the woman of taste and elegance, yet her name is unknown to many women who her hats. This fall she shows wide variety of silhouettes, including off-the-face and forward tilted hats.
&1MONA SLEEVE DRESS
For Dog Days
• »	• -*X3
2769
SIZES 16 -50
IIis voice was
“Come on. Vee gay and caressing, with a reckless note of adventure first train out and let the cows go hang. Well be married in Saunders, or Yuma, or New York, get the parental blessing and be off a glorious honeymoon."
“It sounds — exciting." She was laughing a little, but the laugh died quickly. She added slowly after that. Stan?”
•After that ?" Stanley looked sui
a
Amt. Per Week
Food Milk . Cheese Butter
many new how to set about it. First brush thoroughly all small upholstered chairs and put them and other easily carried things out of the room. Then thoroughly brush all the larger upholstered furniture and cover with dust sheets. After that sweep the floor. If you have a large carpet which cannot be taken up ily, sweep the carpet first. Then leave the room for a while to allow the dust to settle. Return and dust article in the room, clean the
We’ll catch the
8 qts
1 lb

2 lbs
Approximate cost $1.75
10 lbs 13 lbs
even
on
fl
Potatoes ........
Fresh vegetables Dried vegetables Fresh fruit .....
wear

1 lb
a
5 lbs 2 lbs
\nd
eas

British Women Doing Without
Dried fruit
Approximate cost $1.35
Meat or fish


CLEAN-CUT LINE Miss Liebert is the only designer known who has already begun to search in out of the way places for hand loomed American mater-

(V:iV
4 lbs 1 doz
prised and puzzled.
She felt his suddenly gripping hands, and slipped away from them with a shiver.
Eggs
every
window ledges, top of the door and skirtings, also picture rails. Take down the pictures, dust and replace. Polish floor surrounds.
Use furniture polish twice a year after washing off the old polish with vinegar and water. Floors, of need polishing more often—
,a
Approximate cost 90c
\v,
7 loaves
Give Up Luxuries As Result of New War Budget — “Just Make Do” Slogan As Regards Clothes and Cosmetics
Bread ............
Flour and cereals
Approximate cost 80c.
Other foods and flavorings cost about 50c.
Daily cost per person 25 cts.
I thought I just could, but I can’t. It might he all right, for a while, just to play all around and amuse ourselves, but there’s more to it than that. May-I’m old-fashioned, but when 1 1 don’t want*to just experl-
ial?
3 lbs
No—picas»
Sally Victor at the moment is as busy with her Red Cross work for child refugees as with her fall collection. She showed last with contagious enthusiasm
i
m
.*	• o o .V
British women must "make do.”
Cosmetics, silk stockings, household goods, kettles, clothes — all the things women in pre-war days thought essential — have been all ruthlessly çut for the duration of the war in Britain. And no hoarding either. Each must do her fair share of going without.
PRODUCE FEW NONESSENTIALS
The object of the new order is to make more goods available for the building up of export trade, to release workers and new materials for more important war work.
Thousands of men and women engaged on the production of non-essentials and they will be all switched over as rapidly as possible to war work.
In consequence the humble articles of household ware that have been treated roughly when plenty were available will be respect-
week
the thousand dresses she had cut on her premises—no small feat for a milliner. As for her hats, Miss Victor, who designs for debutantes and Hollywood, too, emphasizes the clean cut pompadour line and her beautiful beaver felts in unusual shades will h something to own.
course,
a lot depends upon the kind of floor and the amount of traffic over it. Finally replace small furniture.
READERS WRITE IN!
Mis» Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested
mtrvy
ment. 1 want it to stick. It's no use
» •
Vv
i>"
[iv.
I • • <
E .
l#
6
v •
°.»
> a °m t
Stan. I can’t do it.
His face darkened. For a mom-ont all his debonair good looks vanished in sullen resentment, a swift, ilhig glimpse of what Stanley -might be if he let himself go.
“Well, that’s definite." His laugh brief and brittle.
Stanley recovered himself very quickly. "I'll give up everything but he added, caught her hand in a quick squeeze and was gone.
Loitering glumly outside, his under lip took on a sullen thrust. So he was thrown over for a flannel* * hi r ted cow hand! That was a pleasant thought. Why hadn’t he worked something stronger?
GOING TO UREASE SOMEBODY The next day found Stanley in Saunders. The young paying teller of the First National shot an inter-
readers. She is pleased to receive
on topics for her

suggestions column, and is even ready to lis*
"pet peeves Rerecipes or special order. Address your

/
Salvage Old Wool To Make Blankets
e *
revt
**w
ten to your quests for menus are in letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham-73 West Adelaide Street, Send stamped, seif-
s' e
>ÔÜJVV,
» ô
wa
Passes
Women's Institute Along Thrifty Idea to Others
am
0.*
Five “Don’ts” For Children
ers
Toronto." addressed envelope if you wish

8 4

hO]H

am
# ••
There's another bit of economy that can be added to the salvaging nearly every one is doing these

a reply

!
Mayor LaGuardia. of New York Gives Advice on How to Hold Vacation Accident Toll to Minimum
are
Tests
days
Rather than discard old socks, sweaters, bathing suits and underin fact anything that has a
This struggle, not the first, is not the last.
Hitler and Attila are only tests.
If we are sound our constitution rests
Unshaken. Only those whose time is past.
Like dead oaks waiting for the autumn’s blast,
Ever cbey a conqueror's behests.
All down the seas the strong waves’ whitening crests
Seek the small crevice rotten in the mast.
We are not destined for disaster
wear
particle of wool in it, save the garment for making blankets. Scarborough Junction (Ont.) Wo Institute passes along the
Mayor F. H. Latiusrdia, of Now Yoik City, appealed last week to parents to co-operate with the Police Department in a special drive to reduce traffic accidents to child-to an all-time low. He said parents could help by supervising the play time of their children and seeing that they used the city’s parks, pdaygrounds, swimming pools, areas and play streets.
ADULTS SHOULD SUPERVISE
PLAY
“in addition 1 hope they will impress upon their children the five vacation ‘don’ts’ listed by the Police Department on the basis of Its study of the common causes of accidents,” said the Mayor.
The “doiVls" follow;
“1. Don’t play game» in the road-
By LOUISE LENNOX
As refreshing as iced tea is th s mint-cool frock with its becomingly soft kimona top. The uplift waist subtracts apparent p:un .a from your midriff and makes for a long, smooth line through the hips. The pattern is easy enough for a beginner, and should take but a few hours of your spare time to sew. Soft voile or cool dimity takes nicely to this design. A rever collar version is included in the pattern.
Style No. 2769 is designed for sizes 1C, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50. Size 36 requires 3** yards of 39-inch material.
Send Twenty Cents (coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly, your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sut require.
more
ed now that they cannot be replaced. Women will have to economize on their cosmetics, and coats and dresses will have to be "made over”
men s
idea to other clubs who want to have warm blankets made at a re-
ested look from the check to tb* bored looking young man on the
other side of the window, and then went back to the vault.
Tile young man oil a bank clerk’s salary watched the son of unlimited wealth go i
veil
duced price.
FOR REFUGEE CHILDREN By sending twelve pounds of the
to the Northern
and do for another season
woollen scraps Textiles Company at Cliealey, On I-aria, a bed cover can be made for $3.00, a saving of $1.25, suggests the Scarborough Junction branch president, Mrs. A. C. Redpath. Special comforters in wlltte, cream or pastel shades require the same ount of remnants, twelve pounds, and are woven for $4 instead of the usual $5.50.
As a beginning in having blankets made, the group has had three completed. One was sent overseas for British evacuee children and the remaining two are being kept for wherever they will do the most for refuaoc children or fa
In bis car hml he
middle-age;
WOMEN
TIRED FEET
yet
>
With all his engines Hitler wa is
am
HEED I HIS ADVICES!
thousands of women gosmUlng thru 'trying times'* with Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound—famous for over 60 years In relieving female functional troubles. Try it!


in vain
To bring the long, dark ages back again,
Which only come to peoples who forget
Just causes, such as those to which we turn
And such as Corn any may never learn.	;
i
t
way
A
‘2. Don’t hitch on trucks, cars or other vehicles.
•*3. Don’t weave In and out of traffic while riding your bicycle.
”4. Don't ride on the handlebars. “5. Don’t pass red lights."
ISSUE 32— 40
i
good mill» » m need.
Lord Dunsany lu the Sunday Times, London
e you
B
tm m
LinimenT


V*

.4
'
•V
*
###PAGE###4###
/
Hurst Hodgins, 22 posta to the
High School...........-
Emmerson Cotie, 13j cords of wood to No. 5	... •
Motion by Comr Hotbs that these
bills be paid—Carried.	.
Motion by Comr Walsh, that the
Schools open on September 3rd, 1940.
Motion by Cvmr Hobbs, that the
Auditor’s report now read and discussed be accepted.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Walsh, that the Secretary be given a holiday to August
19th.—Carried.
Meeting then adjourned.
Hodgins Garage
$25 00
:
X
X
feeds
3 20
X
S
t
X
X
9 90
Shawvllle Council
37 12
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
$1.20 per cwt.
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council to be held on Monday the 5th of August, 1940, was adjourned by Us.
Cotie and Strutt for lack of a quorum to Wednesday evening, the 7th of
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council, which was adjourned from the 5th instant, was held at Hynes' HaU on the above date. Present: His Worship, Mayor Q. 0. McDowell, in the chair, and Councillors Howard, Prender-
gaat, Strutt and Cotie.
The minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Crs.
Howard and Cotie,
The following bills were presented to
the Council for approval :
George Prendergast....
W. J. 0 Gibson .......
J. P. Wilson..........
Gatineau Power Co-----
w	W	**
Canadian Pacific Railway,
J. W. Elliott ........
Building and Jury Fund.
Harold Beckett Mrs. L. Ef Thomson. ...
O. A. Dagg............
G. A. Howard .............. 7 65	Cow's Social Security
George B. Tucker .	.. ....	» °0	Migs Idah M. W. Van Housen’s
Motion by Crs Strutt-Prendergast, Holstein cow> Victoria, is 29 years that the foregoing bills be paid — old but bas no cause for concern
Carried.	...	. about old-age security. Miss Van
Councillor Co tie gave notice that at Housen ot Bath, N. Y., who be-the next meeting.of Council he would ljeves victoria has set a record for propose certain amendments to By-Law bovine longevity, made the cow’s No. lit, giving the Mayor authority nt birth anniversary the occa-
and power, to, on behalf and in the giQn ^ announce that she has pro- Cemetery Donations
of the Corpoation of the Village	de(j for the animal in her will.	_____
of Shawville, and without having 10 “Should Victoria outlive me,” she | ACKIlOWlGClgeCl secure any other authorization by reso- ga-d „my executors are instructed
lution of this Council, retain the ^ if|sure her a home and the same previously acknowledged ------
services of any practising lawyer to take care wbich she has been accus- Mrs. Samuel Sinclair .....
legal proceedings, prosecute and a,le homed on my farm.”	Cecil Sinclair, ...........
firms who may |	I Mrs. James Wilson,.......
C W. Hodgins, Timmins....
Dr. Alf. McRae, Ottawa.....
_	,	«	, W. Caldwell, Ottawa.......
Burns for 200 Years I Mrs. E. J. Titus, Lake Wood,
N. J.................
9
Ajax Moulee Shorts Middlings Feed Flour Pig Starter Hog Grower Hog Concentrate
«
1.60
«
\
a
185
a
\

t
a
1.90
<<
n
2.25
«
J. A Dmh, Sec.-Trems
i
Cars
and Trucks
Lot to Choose From
Used
it
it
200
NOTICE
4t
a
3.50
a
who has claims
All and everyone
Dame Margaret Armstrong,

against _	_____
widow of the late John Eades, previous
to the time of her death, that is to say
August 7th, 1940, are requested to
produce the same within ten days from
^âStaSnu. m .clean,
Curatrix Shawville,

$36 50 6 50 96 44 62 38 32 25
A Choice

We are prepared to give substantial discounts in costs of half-ton lots or-over on any of the above feeds.
<

V
1 17
22 30 12 00 26 00
One—1938 —Chevrolet Coach
Two—1938—Chevrolet Sedans One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One-1936-Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934-Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Quebec
August 15, 1940
5 00
16 35
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O-
NOTICE
J. L,. HODGINS
name
Province of Quebec \ Municipality of Clarendon/
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes, established by the Municipal Council of Clarendon, has been made and completed, that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the third day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of 1.30 p.m , but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days'' without further notice.
Given atShawville, this 7th day of August, 1940.	1	^
| 32 00
Phone 64 J.
1 00
1 00
2 00
/ /,/ / / / / /V /!/'/¦/'/ / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / /'/ /
anyone or persons wor contravene to the provisions of the sani
said By-law No, 122, by 6xing an exact
and definite penalty of twenty dollars i	oldest continuous flame to
($20.00) for each infringement instead burn ^ the western hemisphere is Clarendon W. I....
of a penalty not exceeding twenty that m the votive Lamp of Made- Jas. J. Graham, Wyman
dollars ($20.00) as it is at the present iejne de Repentigny which hangs be- R. A. Hodgins ..
time; and also an amendment to jore the g^^ue of the Madonna in Mrs. C. H. MacLean Paragraph 9 of the said By-law No. 122 lhe chapel of the Monastery of tlie Mrs. Reg Hodgins in order to make the tax fur each year yrsulines in Quebec. The flame was Mrs T. A Eades, Ottawa
payable during the month of January in ^ ^ 1719 an(j has since burned con- Mrs. Ed Smiley.
the case of persons, firms or corporations tinuously.	James Dale...........................
actually doing business, and in all other ^he story surrounding the lamp is R- C. Morrison.
3SSE# EEssk:S5 pH; ^
bell’s Bay, is authorized to prosecute daughter of the noble family of Mrs. Rug Elliott .
and sue Dame Lea Dupuis, wife ^ Gardetir de Repentigny who, like A. 0. Brough
SKÏÏ&&ET3£ SS5 yM5°wTK’cL,
Renfrew, Ont, and her said husband 'vised education for which she Lawson Corrigan ..
Charles Stinson, for the recovery ol journeyed to Quebec. On her re- Austin McDowell.
$80.00, namely, four contraventions, ^ to her home in Montreal she Wesley Hodgins .
during the months of June andl July, I ag sought in marriage and was Alf. Armstrong.
1940, to the provisions of the By-lay betrothed to a young man of excel- Andrew Sly.....
No. 122.—Carried.	.ent family.	Mrs. J D. Hodgins.
¦ÉH m
Montreal the sum of $2000.00 to meet	Plate collection at Memorial
the unforaeen and immediate needs of However, the «eyer.W of the mo;	Service........
tween Victoria Avenue and the East In gratitude for the change in cr wall of the United Church of Canada, spirit she erected the Votive Lamp and on the Went side of Centre Street, in 1719 before the statue of Our
between Lang Street and the junction Lady of Great Power whose aid she
of King and James Streets except in had invoked. Mother St. Agathe died designated zones such as before private in 1739.
roadways, gas stations .and areas pro- But more than a century and a hibited by “No Parking” signs, and half later a young woman visited secondly, that such amendment shall the little chapel and saw the trem-not apply to trucks which shall be for bling light of the little lamp. She bidden to park in the prohibited areas identified herself as a descendant of during the hours mentioned in the said the de Repentigny family, and she,
By-law.	too, abandoned the worldly life to
A petition signed by several citizens find peace and solace in the garanti ratepayers of the Town requesting dens of St. Ursula where she took the Council to take steps to keep down the name of Mary Magdalene, dust, was presented and read, and after discussion, was deferred until the question of paving the Main Street by the Provincial Government has been finally dieposed of.
Motion by Crs Howard-Cotie, to adjourn.
1/l/t/iZl/l
5 00
5 00
as
2 00
i
ESTABLISHED 1883
5 00
10 00
2 00
INVALID
2 00
2 00
1 00
GEORGE HYNES 58 SON
5 00
1 00
1 00
Directors of Funeral Service
2 00
1 00
2 00
2 00
Shawville, Que.
2 00
10 00
Phone 83
2 00
2 00
f, 2 00
NOTICE
NOTICE
2 00
2 00
I hereby give notice that I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name without my written order.
JOS. H. BROWN,
R 2, Shawville, Que
2 00
Province of Quebec School Muncipality
of Clarendon
Public Notick is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householder of this municipality, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will bo taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Commissioners to take place on the Ith day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of Eight o’clock in the evening ; persons interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of Ins taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within (he twenty days'following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 7th day of August, «940.
i
2 00
JOHN A. DEAN, Sec. Trees. Municipal Council of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
5 00
2 00
2 00
Aug 0. 1940
5 00
2 00
2 00
1 00
JaofOarsl
KNOW , YOUR COUNTRY
45 62 5 00 2 00
0
2 00
2 00
any
a
2 00
2 00
1 00
Q\v
Mr, J. R, McDowell, Secretary of the
Committee,
bbU)
Maple Grove Cemetery acknowledges with thanks the following
donation :
auction in
228,000 ; S&
(pro
19^3
$2 00
Mrs. lU-ggie Hodgins
1929
i93i - ;
V alky
fgiitif
Minutes of Council Onslow North
1939
n<>
August 5th, 1840
(It
rati»0
of the Municipal
Presen r,
Regular session Council held on above date Councillor J as. S. Young.
The perscribed term having elapsed
and not any quorum.
JOHN A DEAN, Sec.-Treas. School Municipality of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
to be «° gcbcco®/•
Andrew Farrell,
SecTreas
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company
Many Potato Varieties
Are Studied by Botanist
To the housewife and the restaurant patron the world of the potato may be divided into five parts— baked, boiled, French fried, mashed
and hashed brown.
But E. K. Balls, an English botanist, estimates that there are at least 600 varieties of potato. An account of his expedition in the highlands of western South America has recently been published.
In one single cultivated field in Peru, Mr. Balls found 15 different kinds. Wild types were found from
Mexico to Argentina.
By hybridization the botanists seek to develop a potato resistant to both disease and cold. In Bolivia Mr. Ball saw a potato that could withstand a nightly temperature of 22 degree Fahrenheit without wilting;.	,
In addition to collecting potato
specimens, Mr. Ball made many photographs in the Andes. Among them was a series showing the use of the ancient Peruvian footplow.
# REAL SAVINGS are’the excess of earnings over expenditures.
BY SAVING NOW you build present security and make provision for future needs when your earnings may be lower.
THRIFT is a symbol of responsibility.
For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in Canada.
Know Your Bonk—it can be helpful to you.
August 9, 1940
A meeting of the Directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Company* Ltd., was held in the Telephone Office at four o’clock.
Those present were :—Thomas Es den, president ; R. J. Tracy, vice-president, and Directors Robert Sneppard, lf* Hanna, T 0. Elliott and Andrew Sly.
The minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of R Tracy and T. C. Elliott.
A petition was received from tne Operators, requesting higher wages. After due consideration it was moved i>y T. C. Elliott and seconded by Robert Sheppard, that this Company increase the Operators’ wages by 10 per cent.
The bills for May, June and July were read. Motion by A. Sly and If* Hanna, that the bills as road be passei.
—Carried.	*
Motion by A. Sly, to adjourn-
Carried.
South Onslow Council
August 5, 1940
H A RL A ND C. ROWAT
Sec.-Treas
A regular meeting of the Municipal
Council held on above date at the usual
All members of
place of meeting.
Council being present • On motion of Crs. Clarke-Fraser, the
minutes of last meeting were adopted as
^Motion of Crs Clarke-MacKechnie, that this Council grant the Agiiculture Society, Division A, $200 00—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young Clarke, that James Kilroy be granted $100.00 to be spent on the new road, and the Sec.-Treas. procure the necessary pipe 12 inches for gulley—Carried.
On motion of Crs. Fraser-Westbrook, the following bills were ordered paid :
road list ...... $ 17 30
228 00
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
August 7th, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on above date. Present, Chairman H. Hodgins and Commissioners Hobbs and Walsh Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comr Walsh.
Tenders for caretaking were opened and discussed and the following were awarded on motion of Comr Hobbs. School	No.	1,	Graham Thompson
44	44	3,	Clarence Carson
44	7,	Mrs. Thomas Wall
*'	14	8,	Emmerson Horner
"	14	11	George Claike
44	44 1 2 a, Lawrence Hodgins
44	44 1 2 b, Henderson Harris
The following bills were presented for
Ihe BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
A. Inglee,
H. Cochrane, "	"
Garvin Steele, 41
On motion of Cr. Young, the meeting
then adjourned.
EST. 11*2 — OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
H. E. Elliott,
Secretary

Jos. A. Stkklr, Sec. Treas



###PAGE###5###

/
hauling facilities, including the boring of cylinders, the fitting of pistons, valve
Vtded in
Workshop Vehicle to Service Canadian Army Vehicles
S civics Announcement
9fl AW VILi.il ÜNITRD CHURCH
Rrv A. F Forks B. A., B.D. Pa,Wr
Sunday, August 18
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville 7.45 p m. Service at Stark’s Corners 7.45 p.m. —Service at Zion The evening service is withdrawn at Shawville
The Equity
grinding and welding afe wo this modern garage on wheels.
All tools required, specially designed by the Department’s technical experts with a view to portability, are part of each lorry unit.
According to the Department of National Defence, Canada’s is the first army to adapt such units to.regular Army divisions.	...
August Specials
Mechanization is the keynote of modern warfare. Wars of movement fought on heavy rubbei tires and steel caterpillar threads. Fighting vehicles and mechanized transport must be kept in readiness at all times to speed troops across all types of terrain, ranging from smooth consawte highways to brush country and ploughed fields.
Armies and army divisions cannot count on wayside garages and service stations to do their I repair and re fuelling jobs. To meet these needs the Department of National Defence has introduced specialized units and equipment as part of its Army Field Workshops.
Each army division in the field is accompanied by two eomplete motor transport lorries. Each is the equivalent of a modern city garage. Designed by the Department’s technical staff, each unit has a special steel body i mounted on six wheels with four wheel drive and heavy duty chassis.
rkshop lorry is equipped with its own electrical plant, to operate electrical grinders, drills, refacers, lathes, brake servicing equipment and other tools.
Lubrication, battery service and over-
Bstebllsbed 1*83
P*#wmaaD svsrt Thursday at SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
'annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada T* United States..
we
$1.50
• »
2.00
Men’s and Boys’ Straw Hats
To Clear at...
All this means service
Cards of Thanks
I desire to express my sincere thanks to neighbours and friends for their kindness and expressions of sympathy during the illness and death of my beloved sister," Mrs. John Eades. Special thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Herb. Sperberg and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. J. Black.
John B Armstrong.
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
15c
Bristol United Church
RKV. C. ARMSTRONG SALES, B. D
w. G.COWAN, PUBLISHER
Sunday, August 18
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School 10.00
11 00
Men’s Light Summer Caps
Blue and White and Fancy Checked
Pulpwood Wanted
2$c
Service at Sunday School 2.00 Service at Sunday School 10.30 Service at
Knox,
I am prepared to purchase green of Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, care on C. N. or C. P. railways, delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
j.;m. a roue,
Shawville, Que.
3.00
!?
pooled
F\0,B
Austin,
8.00
Instal Positive Fencing
Hen’s White Trousers
Good Quality
or
Tbs Minister will preach at all services
/'
Why not install an electric fence ? It is the most positive and economical fence yet devised. For further particulars apply to
$1.75
Each wo
ANGLICAN Sunday, August 18
St. Paul’s < .
11.00 a m —Holy Communion - 7 30 p oa.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
• 1.30 p m—Sunday School
2.00	p.m—Evening Prayey
Holy Trinity
3.00	p.m.—Sunday School 3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, August 18
Charteris, Holy Communion 10.30 Greermount, Evening Prayer Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 7 30
Phone 76
*

»
HOWARD BROWN. R R No. 2, Shawville, Que,
Farm For Sale
Fifty acres on Lot No. 6 c, Range 9, and 100 acres on Lot No. 6 a, Range ‘ “ in thp Township of Clarendon. Fa weH improved with buildings.
Apply to
MRS. WM. E HODGINS,
Yarm, Quebec.
Phone, 9-25
10,
airly
:
Men’s Gabardine Trousers
Sizes 34, 36, 38, 40
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
$2.25
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
$1.00
0
Girls' Slacks, Blue and Fawn
IN
2 30
69c
Polo Shirts, Green, Red or Blue

Look Here
75c
Men’s Sweat Shirts, White only
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost ole
BOOT AND SHOE DEPARTMENT
All White Shoes, Oxfords, Straps and Gores
$1.49 and $1.95
\

Phone 27
O

ROOMS TO RENT—Rooms suitable
Apply to Mrs Rak

for school girls.
McTiernan, Shawville, Que
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
To Clear at
FOR S 1LE—About sixty Red Hampshire Pullets, ready to lay. Apply to Jas. Tracy, Caldwell, P.O. Phone 11- 29.
minai
Quebec
Shawville,
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT
NEW UNPAINTED FURNITURE
Drop Leaf Tables Kidney Dresser .
Kidney Bench .
Night Table .
LOST—Between Brule Hill and Walter Moffat ta, 7th Line, young pigs in bag. Finder kindly notify Adam Elliott, Yarm. Que.
FOR SALE-One 1929 Plymouth Sedan in good condition, with license. Will sell cheap for cash. Apply to Bert Stanley, Shawv.lle. Phone 14 -23.
$5.95
DALE’S TINSHOP
$4.25
$1.50
LOST—Placed in a car by mistake ou Tuesday, July 30th, parcel containing one pair worn trousers, tan shirt and a pair of new green serge trousers, size 34. E'inder kindly call Edward Dago, R.R. No. 2, Shawville. Phone 22 -7.
i
**"»«*.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
$1.95
FOR SALE—Pair of well - matched Percheron Colts, one and two years old, mare and gelding. Will take cattle in exchange. Apply t) Wm Howard, Yarm. Que. Phone, 14-3.
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
P-U-M-P-S
So
Clark’s Pork and Beans, ind
tails, 3 for
27c
44
44
4.
44
FOR SALE-One Decring Binder with sheaf carrier in good condition. Will sell cheap. Apply to M. B. Drummond. R R. No. 3. Shawville.
WM
“ jumbo 2 for
Golden Bantam Corn, 2 cans for.....
Gold Medal Tea and Measuring Glass "Hero Wax" Liquid Floor Wax
10 Bars Castile Soap...............
25c
44
44
44
21c
of Beatty
We are carrying a large Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you.
m
75c
THRESHING SEPARATOR FOR SALE — Used International Harvester Grain Separator, 22 inch cylinder, 33 inch body, high bagger, strong blower, com par it i v e I y new self feeder. Price $300 (JO half cash, half term*. Apply to Ottawa Valley Grain Products. Renfrew, Ont.
25c
V
I
Call in and see
. 25c
I
this stock and save money.

Get Your Picking Supplies Early
>
Heinz and XXX Vinegar, Spices of all kinds Sealers, Rubber and Zinc Rings
LESLIE DALE
Chemical Fertilizer Is Born
Just 100 years ago a young and ambitious British scientist stood in an old barn at Rothamsted, England, treating old animal bones with sulphuric acid chemical fertilizer industry was born and a new age of agriculture had begun.
Many of the important contributions to modern industry have had humble beginnings and that is true of soil chemistry	¦¦¦
was the Rothamsted barn and its first test case was a tiny turnip crop. Those British turnips planted in a small plot of ground proved what today the whole world knows. They demonstrated that the science of man could help things grow and that chemistry can provide better aids to plant growth than those supplied by nature in his barn had, by treating bones with acid, created superphosphate, produce which is now produced, for fertilizer purposes, at a rate approximating 20,000,000 tons a year.
7
»
(h
Quebec
FKK.
k
1	Shawville,
M5MSM5J5j'SJSfSM@J5J5J5JS;r9/5J91BI5M5iaiaJ5/SjBJ&

At that hour the
/kme
MaeLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
Its laboratory
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
f PT * # f (T f

I •
Repairing Warped Doors
Warped doors are not only unsightly, but can be a great annoyance, either because they stick oi fail to close properly. A dooi which is swung properly on its hinges, so that it opens freely with out sticking against the door jamb or tread, will rarely warp. To prevent doors from warping, see that they have proper clearance. When ever they show signs of sticking the points at which they bind should be planed immediately. Doors often warp when they are stored foi a season, if they are not properly put away. Never place a door îr a slanting position against the wall The best way to store doors is t< suspend them from three or foil) hangers made of stock one inch bj two inches
Call your nearest grocer
CARLING BNIWERItS LIMITED
MONTREAL
SPECIALS
The scientist
JULES LAVERDURE
AGENT
HULL, QUEBEC
A.Gr.F. A.
a
Coffee, London House, glato jar 570
Salad Dressing. utarMez. 40c
Libby’s Porl^& Beans 3 oam 27c K l^ovalt Jelly Haker p* i*«- 15c Certo, per bottle Parawax, 2 I be...
Serviettes, *wt» * ***** 15e Wax Paper, per pkg
Coffee, fresh ground, per ». No
FILMS
Unluckily Coat rkted
Although he’s rather dapper, George Allyn Spinks of the St. Louis Spinks wishes his overcoat wasn’t such a perfect fit.
. He was picked up by Detectives Neil Rourke and Roy Carrier as a •holdup man who weaved into a Chicago tavern, flashed a .38 revolver Bartender Howard Lederer and reeled out with $4.
Spotting a lone drinker of Spinks' description in another tavern* the detectives asked him if an overcoat hanging on the wall was his.
r**Nops	ZHpHjlMkËp
^ Try it on,” ordered Rourke.
,, The coal fitted as though it were nade to ordei A .38 revolver was pocket So the trio returned o the first tavern where the bartender said Spinks was the man.
Wilson’s Garage
No
ie "
30c
The Same Reliable Service
ALL SIZES
17c
26c
i "
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Wheat Midlings p* W $1.78 Now lee Provender,
5 bag lots......
guaranteed
ISo
• $1.35
on
Ford Service
$1.25
Confidence Is Right!
Elliott Wisbrod of Los Angele thinks he has something really goo in the way of a bullet-proof ves * and he backs up his confidence 1
Before an audience <
Shell Sealed Gas A Oils
J.P.'Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
phone 40
THE CORNER STORE

said Spinks
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
a b g way policemen, he allowed a 38-calib;
revolver to be fired at him tin
and again from a distance of tv.
feet.
Main and Centre#!*
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
n a

###PAGE###6###


Ottawa Registers
Population Gain
the Humber and the rivers farther east. About 1870 the last sakitone .disappeared frcmr Lake Ohtario. I anf » fishery biolbgist yet I have never preserved specimen of this lake. They are gone, victims uncontrolled exploitation.
Paper Company Donates Plane
Saving Ontario’s j
Natural
Resources I
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
SSE

Official estimate of Ottawa's present population, according to the new city directory is 139,264, a net increase of 13,129 over last
year.	•
c
\ V,
seen even a of the salmon
9



y
s

$
U
The suburban population shows an increase of 1,243, and its total of 22,242 brings the population figure for Greater Ottawa id 181,506.


New York City headed the American.	.	_
with 291, Chicago had 239. Bos-
at the foot, of 'the list



t
By G. C. TONER
(No. 2) -	-
“murder list" last y-oar
N
s
LESSON VI
THE WORKS AND THE WORD OF GOD—Psalm 19 Golden Text — “Let the words of " my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable In thy sight, O Jehovah, my rock, and my redeemer." Pe. 19:14.
$

?
About 150 years ago the, first settlement of this country began.
that time the primeval
undisturbed, except

ton was with six only.
r

<
r
1 ,
i
n
«
*


Before
forests were NN by the wandering tribes of native, Indians. Even to a modern observer the land would have jSeçmçd inexhaustibly rich in its natural ' resources.*;*We know, ironi . vaily I hooks and documents that game,
I furbearers, -birds and fish swarni-I ml in countless, numbers. Yet, six I generation* only have looted and I spoilt a heritage that should hav%
I been* continually sèlfcreplentfhJ?.
By William
Ferguson
j This Curious World

v -r ^ * ¦*'" \

• *
In

2h
4.
?>

THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Probably written early • - in David’s life, possibly 1050 B.C. Place — This psalm cannot be identified with any particular location.
(

&
<

Time
• %

+ *
vs
$». ;	f..
- X
it
fW


*
m
•«
This .psalm consists of two dis- J tlnct parts, in which are contrasted God’s revelation of himself in j nature, and his revelation of himself In his word. It speaks first of hie glory as seen in the heavens, I and then of his glory as manifested J
in hie law. -	I
.WITNESS OF CREATED	I
UNIVERSE	I
Of the witness of the heavens j
tell of God’s will, grace, mercy, or | ' ' love;, they decide, instead G is w^- | dom, power, glory and goodness, t 2. The witness Is also Incessant — in the heavens, the firmament, the days, the nights. 3. The witness if inaudible — the testimony breathed out and poured forth is inarticulate.
4. The witness is universal — it is through all the earth, and to the end of the world. 5. The witness is glorious — the sun is represented bridegroom, full of Joy; and runner full of strength.
Psalm 19:	,
1.	The heavens declare the glory
of God;
And the firmament showet-h his handiwork.
2.	Day unto day uttereth speech,
And night unto night showeth knowledge.
3.	There is no speech nor lang-
V


i'Vi
<
ing.
6

I I
S.
Uncontrolled Exploitation ,
Let us look at-.'the'- recordV
native to all the
O
i

X
t ;
M
Sturgeon were
Great Lakes and to many of the inland waters. In the early days of the fisheries they were re glided as a nuisance, the fisher men had no market for them Later, by 1870, they became sale able and in 1885, Lake Erie pro .jtluced . 4,500,POO pounds X»
1 gteori for the markets. H. elsewhere, over-exploitatiOn took place so that between the years 1930 and 1934 the average production for this lake was 15,000 pounds. There was a decrease in • the catch of 99.2% in 45 years.
commercially, ex-
m
zZSs/Ss*' «
:
m

*
1
z
«4
4
"4%
3
55

•l • #
Siebs ruffle. their coats Ip
sSE-sRESi”
IS A POOR- CONDUCTOR. OF heat, these: AIR.-filled
___ HELP* THB BIRD TO
Kn rrs BOO'S HEAT.
V
•V
i*
c*b1Eî$£EHEHmS|
i  	onrt manager of t*@ v
K
ft
MEL


I
f stur-ère, as




• m
- . ..t When a new
produced in Canada, was .—-----	*
"fo the St Catharines Flying dub^ it train student pilots for accepted by M
Clubs’ association,	- - - - r	. ..	¦
company, CENTRE ABOVÉ. young air force student pilots.
<
%
V.
VICE INC
COPS* 1936 BY NEA St
SKUNKS
PREFELR,
>-• TO DWELL
JHEA/Z MAM/
<
Sturgeon . are tinct and it will take many years tp restore the fishery if it can be done at all.
Salmon Spawned In Lake Ont.
Along the north shore of Lake
number of small,
*
watched jby J
The presentation
was
•4:
as a

as a

IS SO-CAU-ED FROM THE
£&&& ' *
because: vou can see a SMALL miniature of VOU*
SELF WHEN VOU LOOK IN
F
' m
>:
Ontario are a rapid rivers. Ninety years ago the Atlantic salmon, at certain times of the year, ran into these'creeks and spawned on the gravel bars. Farmers and townspeople caught them by the wagon
they were grounds. Farms were paid for and got rich from the salmon of
RADIO REPORTER


* #»
u

V
By DAVE ROBBINS



A NOTH ERS EVES.
f
CHEER AND COMEDY GOOD
TONIC
load while
PATRIOTIC MUSIC EVIDENT
Dresses and hats are red, white and blue — men sport their veterans’ buttons proudly in their lapels, and concert orchestras insert patriotic tunes in their programs — which invariably close with the National Anthem that is played around the world.
been
r
the spawning
vüsr	a
withstand bitter cold weather.
on
One of the finest choral groups
the NBC Mast-heard from
uage ;
Their voice is not heard.
4.	Their line la gone out through
all the earth, ^
• And their words to the end of
the world.
In them has he set a tabernacle for the sun,
5.	Which 1s as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber; •*
And rejolceth as a strong man to run his course.
6.	His going forth L6 from the end of the heavens. And hie circuit unto the ends of it; And there is nothing hid from the heat thereof. The psalmist knew nothing about solar spectra or stellar distances, but he heard a voice from out of the else waste heavens which had sounded to him as if it named God.
GOD’S WORD WITNESSED
The sinner now turns from God's revelation of himself in nature to his revelation of himself in his written word. What the sun is in the world of nature, that the law is in the spiritual world: the one quickens and cherishes the animal life — nothing being hid from its heat; the other quickens and cherishes the life of the soul.
7.	The law of Jehovah is perfect,
restoring the so ill : -	'
The testimony of Jehovah is making wise the simple.
8.	The precepts of Jehovah are ' right, rejoicing the heart.
The commandment of Jehovah is pure, enlightening the eyes.
9.	The fear of Jehovah is clean,
enduring forever:
The ordinances of Jehovah are true, and righteous altogether. Some notes of the preceding three "Law” tells of the divine
I
on the air lanes
men
er Singers	J _ ..
CKOC each Tuesday and Friday morning at 11.30. This choir with its rousing songs puts a bit of cheer into your daily task. You’ll enjoy them.
are
y
¦
do caterpillars breathe?
NEXT: How
hand-picked radio bright
SPOTS
International Re-
1

FRENCH LANDMARK
I
Sunday
view by Prof. E. T. Salmon from CHOC at Six . . . Carry On Canada via CBC at nine . . . Album of Familiar Music from NBC — Red at 9.30 . . . Tuesday —Time and Tempo from Hollywood on the NBC-Blue chain at 7.30 . . . Make Mine Music at CHOC at 11.30 . . . Thursday Gould’s orchestra on the Canadian chain at 9.30 . . . Ted Lewis’ Chez Paree Show on the NBC-Red Chain at 11.30 . . . Satur-Club 1120 from CHOC at . . Your Hit Parade on

noticing the
We’ve	j	.
growth of this feeling, and it
set us to thinking, just what it meant. It is" quite apparent that
of waving the — deeper in-
NBC-Red network still
I
form
everywhere to see it.
18	Ovule.
19	It was the loftiest known.
22 Pray thee. I 24 Scepters.
26 Pierces with a knife.
28	Anger.
29	Frosty.
32 Heavenly
body.
38 Uncommon.
41	Punitive.
42	Unit.
43	Giant king.
44	Inflexible.
45	To perplex.
46	Russian rulers.
48 Handy.
50	Wood demon.
51	Merriment.
53 Deity of war. 56 Obtained.
58	Common verb.
59	Therefore.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
The
makes Thursday night one of its best program nights. At 7.30 on the red chain it’s “The Summer-
Then “The Aid-
Bing and
horizontal
1 Famous tower in Paris.
6 This
50 years old.
12	Duet.
13	Saline solution.
15 Native metal.
1G Earth.
17	Being.
18	Thick slices.
20	Sun deity.
21	Tent.
23 Street (abbr.)
25 Ringlet.
27 By way of.
30	Idant.
31	Greek letter.
33	Sea eagle.
34	Folding bed.
35	Pressed . grape skins.
36	Conducted.
37	Hour (abbr.) 55 Bird of prey.
39	Flying	57	Brother,
mammal. 58 Morsels.
40	Track of a 60 Hind, wild animal. 61 Stopped.
45 Throbs.
47 Ror.d (abbr.)

EM
DO I

is
it isn’t just a case flag, it went deeper to the character of all Canadians. Day by day, week by week, without our really realizing it, into the every-day life of Canada has crept a spontaneous expression of how sincere Canadians feel in this struggle for Christianity and
freedom.
It’s a sound consciousness in times like these.
1B1
time Revue”
rich Family” at 8.30 -Crosby’s program at nine Rudy Vallee at ten. '
barrell-full of entertainment!
E

M
Morton
IN | ¦ JUKE
il WILLIAM
Quite a

I
N-
DOUGLAS
"The Merry-Macs”, top-notch entertainers who used to be featured on Fred Allen’s Town HaU
starring with A1 heard on Friday
9
M
N
>

A
0
day —
Seven .
the Columbia network at nine . . Larry Clinton’s L_
Mutual at 11.30.
Is
IS
A
r
Show are now Pearce and his gang — the Columbia chain on nights at 7.30.

NQIM 1
Hand on WOR-
VERTICAL
2	Mental notion.
3	Ermine.
49 It is named after its
And speaking of things patri-don’fc miss the CBC pro-
heard
designer (Pi)
51	Grain (abbr.) 4 Because.
52	River in Fiance.
54 Fuel.
Registration Machinery Under Way
otic
"Britain Speaks,”
gram
each night at 11.16. In this voice of Empire features, J. B. Priestley and other outstanding men in our commonwealth of nations
5	Pound.
6	Money factory.
7	Assault.
8	Northeast.
9	Mounds.
10	Epoch.
11	Tips.
14 Second note.
great	.
report on the day’s activities
it is something everyone i_'
/
should

sure,
* 4
hear
"Bri-
In this part of Ontario tem Speaks’’ can be heard from CBL, CKOC, CBO or CKY.

? X
62 Toasting device.

16
come
a
»
*
m
j
7
5
4
2

Let them not have dominion over me:
Then shall I be upright,
And I shall be clear from great transgression.
"Presumptuous”
pom mit in spite of their consciences, perhaps at the height of emotional experience.
14. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart
Be acceptable in thy sight,
O Jehovah, my rock, and my

u
I
F
4



6
7
6
verses:
instruction relative to character and conduct. "Testimony” tells of the divine witness to what God is, and should be. "Statute” tells of divine directions designed to secure obedience, or check disobedience. "Commandment” tells of the divine decrees, authoritative and imper-"Fear” tells of the settled habit of the soul which is informed by the Law. "Judgments” tell of the judicial decisions and sentences of Jehovah.
10. More to be desired are they than gold, yea, than much fine gold. Bible truth is enriching to the soul in the highest degree. Sweeter also than honey and the droppings of the honeycomb. The allusion is to honey that drops from the Comb, which is therefore the purest.* And
by them Is thy servant


I
3
22
sins are sms
:o

¦
t

v

men
2b
25
24

4
some

I

30
jL
4- •
*
27
*
#
ious.

m
31
7
redeemer.
He best loves the law of Jehovah who lets it teach him his sin, and send him to his knees: he best appreciates the glories of the silent heavens who knows that their wit-to God is but the prelude of the
*ih
46
5

3 M4
0
I
«
7
as*




6m
ness
deeper music of the Scriptures’ declaration of the hear and will of Jehovah, and who grasps him as his strength and his redeemer from all whether evil of sin or evil of
§mmmmm
loading a truck.
7
62
I

evil, sorrow.
moreover warned. Through God’s word man’s duty la made plain and the consequences plain. In keeping them there is great reward.
A PRAYER
Through the first eleven verses of this chapter, God has been speaking to the psalmist; it is perfectly natural, then, tHat after God has thus gractoûslÿ spoken to men. man should in return address God. The
God's word to us: word to God.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Pop Has His Gas Bill in Mind
:
OH ! WHAT A CHARGE-, THEY MADE- i
r?
Q
L J J
HONOR
TME-
liomt
BRISADG:
%
•it
i
• •
u
c
;

j

Scriptures are
our
psalmist's heart here goes out in petition and thanksgiving to God.
12. Who can discern his errors? And clear thou me from hidden faults. I The psalmist frequently acknowledges bis known sins to God, and is cleansed of them by God s giace, I hut here he asks that he might also cleansed and cleared from the
l
&.1

The
A

a
i
/
m

m
GAS
D
4
f


r cl P
ill!
)
5
i
CO.

¦J
tO-25
be
a
Rutted by Tke B*ll SyvdUate. lu
In

from presumptuous sins;




###PAGE###7###
Official Donation of Canadian Red Cross Hospital
I”
AVE
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!
HANDY SEAL-T1GHT POUCH . 1#
yrLB. "LOK-TOP” TIN also packed in Rocket Tins
l
• 11

YOU HEARD?!
?
a

6%


•X<r
¦ jmr fjtf
H> tA f -*i

m
SW


il
and her
K«:4t
Grandma Jackson young grandson were riding on a
train. Grandma bad dozed and
“What was


I
D


k*
t


• V;
I suddenly she sat up.
the station the'conducfor called?”
| she asked the boy.	v* "
I	"He didn’t aanounce any sta-
I tion; he just put his head in the
I door, and sneezed.”
I	"Get the bundles together
I quickly,” said Grandma.
I Oshkosh.”—Christian Herald.
\
»
f
1.1
tV

J-
4
iirii#


4#
•I#


%
V




'‘This is

A


All Highway Jobs In Ontario Cease


What Science j Is Doing i
\
— 0
local
The editor of a
asked his readers
newspaper to send in remarks on the
“Books that have
subject, helped me." One of the replies war: "My mother’s cook book and my father’s check
Construction Work Stops For The Duration
ELECTROCUTE ATHLETES
FOOT
Successful electrocution of ath-
described last



a
book.”


all
All highway construction throughout the province of Ontario has ceased, carrying out Premier Hepburn’s direction that all government spending during the war must be cut to a minimum. No more contracts for highway construction are to be let for the war’s duration, the Minister of Highways, Hon. T. B. McQuesten, said last week due to the policy of cutting all government spending to a minimum.
Contracts were terminated July 31, including work on the Queen Elizabeth Way between Burlington and Niagara Falls. Between 1,400 and 1,500 men had been employed , this work, while near North Bay and Sudbury a further 700 employed on smaller contracts have also ceased work.



foot was
The much preoccupied customer walked into the barber shop and sat in a chair next to a wo-who was having her hair
lete’s week.
Particles of copper atoms can be driven deep into the body tissues with weak electric currents to destroy the fungus growth that athletes’ foot and other
ii
4


1
/
%


man bobbed.
"Haircut, pease,” ordered the
arg
»

cause skin infections.
customer.
"Certainly,” said the barber. "But would you mind talking off
your hat first?”
The man hurriedly removed his hat. “I'm sorry,” he apologized he looked around; I didn’t realize there was a lady present!”
an
was
Part of the static heard in radio receivers has been traced to the Milky Way, where the broadcasting is done by electrons and hydrogen atoms. This conclusion has been reached by University of Chicago scientists.
I Q. Would a tailored suit be suit-I able for a woman to wear to a I luncheon party in a hotel?
Income Taxe* Yielding More


HEALTH
TOPICS
A. Yes.
Q. Should a young girl be cautious in the selection of her associate*?
A. Yes. She should follow the advice of Bishop Coleridge, ' Be cautious with whom you associate, and give your company or your
of whose
Income tax collections for April, May and June totalled $117,891,133, Increase of $24.070,090 compared to the same period in 1939, the national revenue department announced
Hostess (gushing!*) "You know, I’ve heard a great deal about you."
Politician (absently)* "Possibly, but you prove anything."
on
REMEDY FOR HAY FEVER
New hope for hay fever victims held out last week by an Emory (Atlanta, Ga.) University physician’s report that potassium gluconate tablets had given relief to seven of every ten patient* in tests at the school hospital.
Experiments
than 100 patients over an

& V
SUN STROKE VICTIMS
During very hot weather, most of to keep out of the sun bc-wish to avoid sunstroke, should try to remember also
I
never
was
at Ottawa.
Total collections for June were $5,699,963, an Increase of $1,639,082. Collections by districts for three months with 1939 figures in brackets included:
Montreal, $32,706,728 ($25,897,452) Ottawa, $5,902,755 ($4,724,132); Toronto, $40,328,918 ($33,339,740); Hamilton, $8,019,516 ($5,904,967); London $9,165,724 ($8,683,573).
Winnipeg, $3,591,235 ($2,754,769) $1,435,266	($1,270,720);
confidence to persons good principles you are not certain. This applies to young men as well
aa girls.
Q. Should a
referring to friends ci her
FIX HIGHWAY NO. 3 TURN
"It's the worst highway corner in Western Ontario,” declared Mr. McQuesten in answering the protest of a group of Delhi citizens, against cost and necessity of widening a turn south of Delhi on Highway No. 3. While those protesting the work contended the coet is $190,000, Mr. McQuesten explained the actual cost is $10,000.
Mr. McQuesten said the work would be proceeded with and the widened to remove a dang-right angle. It is a danger to
us try
cause we
but we _
that heat exhaustion or heat pros- - in the home,
shielded from the
"What's the matter ?” asked the employer as the sentimental young
into the office looking
woman of thirty,
tration may occur
where we are l rays of the sun. Sun stroke and heat
exhaustion are two different ail-and require somewhat dit-
with
when	_	,,
own age, call them girls, ladlee, or
women?
conducted
man came rather dejected.
"I hardly know how to tell
you,” replied the young man steadily. "I—I—have proposed at and have been turned
more
18-month period indicated potassium gluconate is a “good form of relief” although it is "unfortunately not a cure.”
The tablets served to correct “a
which
A. Women.
Q. Should one throw down a lighted cigarette on a beach?
A. Not unices he immediately soit well with sand.
un-
men is ferent treatment.
In sunstroke you may feel tired and dizzy before the regular symptôme occur. These are headache, a feeling of oppression, sometimes a tightness in the chest, great thirst, restlessness, frequent desire to pass urine, hot skin, a “slcky” feeling. • flushed face and high temperature, finally unconsciousness.*
Treatment In sunstroke is to lay the patient in a cool, shady place, off the ground If possible or on the grouna on newspapers or clothing tf no bench or table is available. Cold clothe are then applied to the hack of neck, face, and chest, clothing removed, body sprinkled with water. The head should be kept up high and patient fanned with a towel or piece of clothing. When the patient is able to swallow, some cool water containing a pinch of salt, should be given.	•
last
down.”
"Oh, that will turn out all right,” replied the employer cheerfully. "A woman's ‘no’ often means 'yes’.”
"Perhaps it does,” was the sorrowful reply, "but this woman didn’t say no; she just laughed.”
Calgary,
Vancouver, $8,651,575 ($5,754,610). Customs and excise revenue for $34,130,130, an increase of
verre
deficiency of potassium” had been noted in the tissues of allergic persons.
corner eroua :
traffic, he explained, and has caused may accidents. Mr. McQuesten felt that the protest came from residents who did not want their properties purchased by the department of highways for use in widen-
Predict Rise In Fertilizer
June was .
$10,170,804, and revenue for the months was $92.681,235, in-
Check Soil Drift
By Strip Farming
three
crease of $29,881,667.
Twenty Per Cent. Price Gain Is Seen As Result of Present
War
The tenant of the new house was complaining to his landlord about its condition.
disgraceful!” stormed. "Why, there’s grass
through the floor
It’s Being Done In Many Different Provinces
ing.
Modern
Etiquette
Parts of the Prairie
III
The possibility of an increase of at least 20 per cent, in the prices of fertilizer in Canada was recently by G. E. Peart, plant prodivision, Dominion Department of Agriculture.
POTASH CAME FROM EUROPE
Addressing a Dominion-provincial agricultural conference at its concluding session Mr. Peart said the expected price rise might start this month and was caused by the war.
About one half of the potash used In Canada for fertilizer came from Europe prior to the war and now Canada is almost totally dependent the United States for this material. The discount on Canadian exchange together with the 10 per
exchange tax will tend
he
“It’s
the
Considerable progress in drive against soil drifting was reported last week to the national advisory committee on agricultural services by its section on soil
drifting.
The report said strip farming,
which checks the loss of top-soil,
had been reported in many parts
of the Prairie Provinces.
MOSTLY IN SOUTHERN ALTA.
small
SAFES
seen
coming up	_	^
boards in the drawing room !”
"Oh, we’ll fix that,” said the landlord. "I’ll send a man round with a lawn mower.”
'¦".T.:;,: is r.’.rV..
Dept. W.
BY ROBERTA LEE
ducts
wit
who
Q. Isn't It illbred for one is travelling to praise his home constantly, describing how
UB,
• ••
J ôfj TAYLOR LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS
town
superior it is to the town he is visiting?
A. Yes. A person of good breeding will never do this.
Q. What hours are really meant
by a wedding breakfast?
A. Many people interpret this to mean if the ceremony takes place before 4 p.m. This is an old English applied to any daytime wed-
Ontario Winter Wheat Prices Are Unchanged
143 Front St. E., Toronto Estnlillwheil
| How Con I? |
*	BY ANNE ASHLEY *
In 1935 only a very area in the Monarch district of Southern Alberta was following this practice but by 1940 it is estimated that approximately 80 to 90 per cent of the farmers in Southern Alberta are following this practice while perhaps GO per cent of the farmers in South Western Saskatchewan have ad-
The Canadian Wheat Board has fixed the initial price of No. I grade Ontario winter wheat, basis Montreal export freight rates, for the crop year starting Aug. 1 at 70 cents a bushel, Trade
MacKinnon announced.
i
Relieve
/teh fast
•orMcnf/fljck
For quick relief from itching of ecaenm, pimples, athlete's foot, scales, scabies, rashes and other externally caused akin troubles, use world-famous, cooling, antiseptic, liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Greaseless, stainless. Boothes irritation and quickly stops intense itching. 35c trial bottle proves it, or money back. Ask your (buggist today for O. D. O. PRESCRIPTION.
^Scratching
on
i
Q. How can I prevent my glasses from mack ing when pouring
hot jelly into them?
A. Put the glasses into a pan of hot water to prevent their cracking. The pan should be a shallow one, and the water sut-
the lower third
cent, war to boost pricc-s. he said.
term ding feast.
Minister
This is the same price as that
which existed during the current
ending in July.
opted it.
crop year
I
I
in
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
ficient to cover
of the glass.
Q. How can I treat ivy poison-
• • •
»
t
*
in?
A. A good remedy, and one that is easy to apply, is a solution of sodium bicarbonate and ice water. Apply freely and often to the poisoned skin. Ask your druggist how to prepare the solution.
belting bargains
relting for .	. ti
Endless rubber thresher belts, suction hose, feeder canvas, pulleys, hangers, ahnfting. motor, at very
VOorkPBTni£eC0,.O88DYork8irIe«<; Toronto.	----

AGENTS WANTED
THRESH ERMEN.

day necessities at present on the cut. Montreal.______________________
A
per
$8.9f». Leghorn Three week old add three cents,
EKKiEFLS
Baden. Ontario.	__
the inne.most the sensational
Gear Grip Tread, this smart,
From
I remove peach
PHOTO FINISHING
fibre to
Q. How can stains from linen? .
A. Saak the spots in a solution of chloride of lime. Apply cream of tartar and plat’e in ?he sun to dry. Then launder.
Q. How can I relieve excessive
perspiration?
A. Sponge the affected area with one teaspoon of powdered alum to a quart of water. Allow to dry, afterward rinsing and
dusting with talcum.
Q. How can I prevent the juice of berry pies from leaking out?
A. When making berry pies, cut the lower crust half an inch larger than the top crust and fold it over like a hem. This prevents the juice from leaking out.
new
everything in crcr.mlined Fire stone Champion tire is and different. It sets up
standards
IIAKEHV RHUII’MRKI
U e ry!'a isoïètmHt equipment always
FREE! You Can Now Own
weak
farm for sale
and machin-
complcte set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You mav have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 26c, plus your choice of a free enlarge» ment In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station Toronto.
FARM.
Bruce
ACRE
SALE—97
vie.ii trv*. good buildings.
Mines. 9 miles. 93.000.0u. C. Broad, Plummer. Ontario.________
s
FOR cleared.

m
new
;V
62
Toronto
entirely
vf safety and long mile-because it is the re-
new
DOGS FOR SALK



BAKERY FOR SALK_______
IN KAVVARHA
..... Price fur quick
S. Gill. Bobcaygeon, Ont.
MAHV CHICKS
CROSS BETWEEN and setter.
HUNTERS
bacco Road P’arm. R.R. No. 1. Harrow. Ontario._______________
1
age
GOOD BAKERY Lakes district, sale. H.
suit of Firestone’s quarter-century of experience in building tires for race track speeds.
I
TO GET
OPPORTUNITY High Quality started chicks from bloodtested breeders and at rock
horn „	¦
old add three cents Quality add one cent. Four to five
Range Pullets. Top Notch Crockeries, Guelph. Ontario.
y our

of the
Here are some things you get in Fife-stone Champion tires — new Safety-Lock cords treated with a new and advanced G u m-Dipping process; 27% stronger bond between tread and body; 35% greater heat protection against blowouts; an amazing new tread with thousands of sharp-edged angles fv r
— a tread 11% more and
R L ECT ROLYSIS_____
experience. Anne <tiaham I^offan. 140 Carlton Street, Suite Two. Toronto. Branches In Hamilton London. Sudbury, Timmins, St. Catharines. ______.
"FlrstTlas# wool rabbits
ANGORAS.
first class wool producers $5.00, Bucks $3.00 each. R. Faber, R.R. 1, Hensall, Ont.
" PEKHONAL
SALE OF PACIFIC SEAL COATS
SPECIAL VALUE IN PACIFIC SEAL coats; full swagger style; black only; coat and lining guaranteed two years: sizes 12 to 42; 110 coats only; while they last only 139.50. 10 per cent, reduction for relatives of ex-service and service men: will send for examination on receipt of $5.00. Many other bargains. Munro Fur Store, Vancouver, B.C.______

pullets $14.90. Three week
Large Egg
Canadian National Railways Revenues
6»
'Bsr
QUALITY. Does
CHICKS — Tl'WKEVS____
TWO WEEK AND THREE WEEK
FINEST
WATCH REPAIRS
$I.2& REPAIRS YOUR WATCH, NO matter how badly broken. One year guarantee. Watch Repair Co., 84 Lippincott St.. Toronto.
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways
21, 1940 were .. as compared with for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of ..........
(iuick stops that gives non-skid mileage at no extra cost! See tho nearest Firestone Dealer today.
MBS»
ed, Fergus, Ontario.
SNUFF. EASILY
remedy
for the week ending July
$4,907,208 3,536,880
QUIT TOBACCO WJ I
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Used — New
Leghorn
***********
*****•••
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
Ontario.
4
y
... 1,370,322
or 38.7%



TOR#.
H o I • I e , Starter», Radiator*
2
H
to fill summer orders. Immediate delivery «tarted chicks, Pu,,ei** Turkeys. Bray Hatchery, 130 John
N., Hamilton.
1 r
Carburetor»,
Only a wasteful housewife throw s
tin of pottsh
G lama — Satlafaetl Levy Auto Parle, Dept. !.. Teroate.
away a screw-top ¦ without opening It with a tin opener hooavse there's always Another day's supply clinging to tho nmlde.
I
ISSUE 32—*40
•]i
4
###PAGE###8###
<


su
m
m

%
Production of Quinine
Meets Repeated Failure
Efforts were made in California more than 50 years ago to grow the cinchona tree, from the bark of which quinine is obtained; but experiments failed, just as did those made later in California, in Louisiana and Florida, according to the National Geographic society.
Now Uncle Sam is trying to produce the drug in Puerto Rico. Some of the 50 varieties of the tree introduced into the island have suffered heavily from insect pests; others have fared better. .
Last year government chemists began experimental work on the production of synthetic quinine. This has been tried by chemists at various times, without success haps the most notable failure was that of Sir William Henry Perkin, English chemist.
Prompted by large demand for quinine during the Crimean war, Perkin, then an 18-year-old student of the Royal Academy of Chemistry, London, undertook to extract quinine from coal tar in 1856. He accidentally hit upon the first coal tar dye, mauve. The next year he set up the first coal tar dye factory of this now large industry, producing mauve.
Quinine was first used by the natives of Peru, who called it “quin; aquina.” It came to the attention of Europeans when the wife of the count of Chinchon, Spanish viceroy to Peru, was cured of malaria
Cemetery Memorials
Warm Weather Features
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
UCH k
JJUTTA
TWE STmB
Sport Shirts—White, blue, fawn .......

$1.00
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
I

i
For Topmost Tiro Value,
i
X
¦
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
See
Summer Ties, Braces, Shirts and Shorts 50) each
z

i

J. L. Hodgins
I
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Anklets—White and Fancy Stripes, 25 to 59 cts.
Hi

Shawville, Que,
ill;
Per
I
V-

«
y in


In Memoriam

7ood Nutr'tsomil Values
Are to Dc ‘Stzppccl-Up1
$1.95
Outing Trousers—Preshrunk, light colors,

Corrigan—In loving memory of a dear eister, Mrs. J. B. Corrigan, who passed away August 11, 1938.
Her smiling face and pleasant way, are a pleasure to recall,
She had a kindly word for each,
And died beloved by all Someday we hope to meet her, Someday, we know not when,
To clasp her hand in the better land, Never to part again.
à


With the second unit of the now edcral nutritions laboratory at Cor* ell university at Ithaca, N. Y . now indcr construction, one cf the most omprehensive research projects (estined to step up the nutritional /alues of foodstuffs and improve vell-bcing will be started within a hort time.
A federal appropriai on has been nadc available for throe labors-ories and greenhouses on the Cor îell camous. In these experimental ;uild:ngs thg United States depart-nent of-agriculture will center investigations extending throughout the nation.
Prof. L. A. Maynard, head of the department of animal nutrition at Cornell and long recognized as one of the outstanding authorities in the research fields, has been appointed director of the laboratory. He will work in conjunction with Dr. E. C. Auchtcr, chief of the federal bureau of plant industry.
The research program will attempt to inject a new note into the production of foodstuffs for animals and man. One of the early steps will be a survey of mineral rathe soils of the United
V
Z

Bathing Trunks—Royal, maroon and black Sizes 30 to 40, high quality...
i
¦-

$1.50
74
• •






Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43


Mrs. R. R. Corrigan



>
r
ES

No Trespassing*
Any person or persons found hunting, fishing, trapping or trespassing in any manner on the following Lots of land situated on Grand Calumet Island in the County of Pontiac :—
Nos. 20, Range 5 ; part 4 and 6, Range 7 ; 30, .31, .32, Range 8; half 16, Range 9, and 2f> ami 26 North Range.
Parties found doing so will be dealth with as the law directs.
Ry order,
JAS. A. CARSWELL & SON,
Owners.
>



Card of Thanks


X.Ï

IlSËIéf f islilii EEpSff
and Mrs. Allan Sutherland, Miss Mrs. John Eades,	Great Britain, in the early days
Doris Sutherland, Mr. Sturgeon	^|rs \ MacLean °* cultivation, made experiments in
Sutherland, Noyau, Que ; Mr and j	"2-, growing the cinchona tree in India,
Mrs. Klapp, of Boston, Mass.; Mr.	j Burma, Ceylon, and other of its
and Mrs. Reilly Hodgins, Corn	Teacher Wanted	possessions. India today produces
wall ; Mr. and Mrs. J. J. McCann,	---- only a third of her own require-
Ottawa, and Rev. Father A i chain Protestant teacher wanted for No. 2 ; ments, less than 5 per cent of the banlt, of Fortage du Fort.	I School, Masha m, Que. Elementary) world supply.
Diploma. Salary $500.00 per annum
Apply to
JOS. NESBITT,
Secretary-Treasurer,
Rupert, Quebec,
married

Beattie—McCleary At Bristol Ridge Pentecostal Mission on Wednesday afternoon, August 7th, the marriage was quietly solemnized of Kathleen Sarah, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. McCleary, and Mr. Clifford Ivan Beattie, son of Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Beattie, all of Bristol Ridge, Que, Mr. A. Downing, ot Stark’s Corners Pentecostal Church officiated and Mrs. Hilton played the wedding music.
The bride, who was given in marriage by Mr. Samuel McCleary, was becomingly gowned in a floor length white satin dress, with veil. She|cavried a bouquet of gladioli, bridal roses, and maiden hair fern.
Miss Sarah
About the same time, experiments were begun in the Netherlands Indies with much success, and today Java is the source of more than 90 per cent of the world supply, a virtual monopoly.
It has been estimated that 800, 000.000 persons suffer from malaria annually and that the death toll is
2.000,COO a year prevalent in hot climates arc about 100.000 cases in the United States annually and mest of these are in the southern stales
Bristol School Board
«
Teachers Wanted
(
sources in States—not the minerals that are used as precious metals or industrial materials—but the vital elements that human beings must get from foods, which in turn obtain them from the soil.
August 5, 1940
.
Regular session of the Municipal Council held un abo>o date Mayor Me Lei lan and < 'ouncillors Duff.
Fitzsimmons and McNeil.	I Protestant Teacher holding a Quebec
The minutes of last regular meeting Elementary Diploma, to teacher in were read and adopted on motion of Crs Davidson School, term 1940—1941. Duff-Fitzsimmons.	For further particulars apply to,
A letter was read from P. J. Nolan	JOHN C HOWARD
objecting to a pump ami tank being	Secretary Treasurer,
'"galled on the road allowance in front	Davidson, P.O, Que
of his property at Norway Bay. Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons-Duff, that the Imperial Oil Company be notified that the present pump and tank opposite Lot 10-50, Range 1, is on the road allowance and that they be instructed to remove this pump and tank—Carried.
Councillor Beattie took his seat.
A pretty wedding was solemniz- Letters were read from J. M. Jackson,
ed on Wednesday afternoon. July D. Robillard and Mrs. O. F. Hodgins
31st, at three o'clock in the Lady- Motion Crs Beattie-Duff, that W. L.
smith Lutheran Church, when Cassells be employed to retiace Ross
Selina Amelia Augusta, daughter Street on Lot 9, and John Street on
of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Milkie, of Jj0t 10, at Norway Bay—Carried.
Schwartz, Que., became the bride Motion by Crs. Duff-McNeill, that a
of Verner Ronald, son of Mr. and special meeting of this Council be held
Mrs. Herman rin nn of Ladysmith, Qn Tfmmky evening of this week at
Qw^V	& Sobbie officiated. g.OO o'clock for general business.—
The bride was dressed in a floor L,.irrjed
She was attended by two brides- that the following bills be approved and maids, her sister, Miss Olga Milkie, Pai,J who was dressed in pink taffeta, and Miss Ola Bretzlnff, who was dressed in blue radium lace, and each carried bouquets of roses.
The best men were the bride’s brother, Mr. Fred Milkie, and Mr.
Clemmens Miller.
After the ceremony a supper was served to immediate friends at the bride’s home, and in the evening a reception was held.
After a brief wedding trip, they will reside at Ladysmith.
A qualified Protestant Teacher, holding Elementary Diploma for School district, No. 2, Township of Thorne. Salary $50. per month. Applicants please state experience. Apply to
THEO. BRETZLAFF,
Secretary-Treasurer Ladysmith. Que.
Present,
Teacher Wanted
Malaria is most
There
The bridesmaid,
Beattie, was dressed in pink with white accessories and Summer flowers.
The groom was supported by Mr. Wilson McCleary, brother ot the bride.
Following the ceremony a wedding supper was served to the immediate relatives at the home ot the bride's parents.
One of the objectives of the program is to determine the exact amount of the mineral necessary for the improvement cf the plant | life and consequently the animal.




V
t
Thrun- Milkie
REGISTRATION STARTS
\
?
>
?
i
i

A

i

It. Emmerson, cedar squares J. P. Elliott,
Austin Dagg Henry Smiley, services re dog
taxes....... ...........
H. Campbell, hauling gravel. . T. J. Kearns, M “
F. Murray, checking gravel. ..
P. Moyle, gravel.............
J oh n Dods .................
A. Gibbons, gravel...........
Mrs. F. Kelly, gravel........
P. Welsh, gravel.............
T. Gallagher, gravel.........
$ 18 50 167 55 115 61
u
20 00 48 00 54 00
(
>
fully. Every question must be answered truthfully and without evasion. It is imperative that every one 16 years of age and over register. You will make the whole task easier for yourself and the Government by registering early. Registration will last for three days only.
Commencing Monday, August 19th, Canada calls on her citizens, 16 years of age and over,
. .. ^
regardless of nationality, to register. Because of the magnitude of this task the Government asks those who must register to study the questionnaire care-
6 00
10 80 12 20

1 00
5 00
3 00
2 30
'	road contract
s-. k§, sbsir
Thursday morning, August 8th, K. W. Lmnierson, valuemg
when Miss Virginia Sutherland,	sheep ...
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Allan W. A. McQuaig labor on street
Sutherland, of Noyau, Que., be. U. T Hedging, tile . ..
came the bride of Mr. Stephen j Provincial Treasurer, iury fund Smith, son of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Labor on Bristol-South Onslow (Murray) Smith, of Maryland.	town line .
Kev. John Sullivan officiated. S. Smith, spikes ..
The church was beautifully tie- L K. Keon. spikes. .
corated with Summer blooms Also that bills from S. Smith and Est
Miss Louis* Dumas presided at c. J. Caldwell be held over, the organ and Mr*, J. J MO inn and the Misses Mary and Marion Smith sang (Rosewig) “Ave Maria" and “On This Day Oh! Beautiful
MTheebride was given in marriage °n »<*«;" of Cr. Fitzsimmons the by lier father and was attended "uetmg adjourned, by her sister. Miss Doris Sut her land, as bridesmaid, Mr. Merlin Smith, brother of the bridegroom, acted as best man, while Messrs, j Reilly Hodgins and John McCann were the ushers.
miiiiits
Smith-Svtherland
70 73 27 33
1 50
5 53
1 00
15 80 7 50 12 00
REGISTRATION DATES
August 19th, 20th, 21st
62 25 2 22 <) 08
A letter was read from South Onslow
The Secretary o answer this
re division of townline. Treasurer was instructed t letter.
at a minimum
EVERYONE CAN HELP—To keep the cost of this registration
the Government is asking the co-operation of all public-minded citizens in the work of regis-
You can help by getting in touch with your local registration officials and offering your
H. I. Smith,
Sec.-Treas
tration.
services
Your Registration Certificate u
To every person answering the questionnaire fully and satisfactorily a certificate of registration will be issued by the local deputy registrar. This is a small card which must be carried on the person at all
STRAYED
WHERE TO REGISTER
Registration offices are being set up by electoral districts m the same manner as in the last Dominion election.
Registrants are required to register in the regular polling subdivisions of their own constituencies. But should a registrant be in some other province or district out of the regular polling subdivision on Registration Days, he or she may register at any registration office
upon satisfactory explanation to the local deputy registrar.
t
ly
times
coinage
81 The bridesmaid chose a street by length frock of navy blue sheer
She
f roses and
convenient
IRVIN ARMITAGI
which he shall continue to bv umegistered.
with white a maorie* wore a should
( >
H
t
»
4 h
I
o. 1
sweet Following akfast \ relatives oi
burnt

mon y «
Published under the authority of HON# JAMSS 0# GARDINER
Minister of National War Services
11
!
t 1
Order Your Check Boo
vounte;


!


I
L
i


o
i «
- 111.
utl
1
