###PAGE###1###

No 32, 56th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1939
p annum In Advance the United etatee
$1.50
I

2.00

PERSONAL mention
BORN
NOTICE
Shawville Intermediates went down to defeat at Bristol on Thursday night, when Qi by a wore of 2 to 1 T was clean and closely contested, am the score indicates. Murphy
and Knox scored for Quyon, while I Mr. Douglas McDowell, of Ot* Bruce Elliott scored Siiawvilles tawa, spent the week-end with his lone counter.	parent'*, Mr. and Mrs. Austin Mc»
Dowell,
Russell—At Shawville Commun ity Hospital, on Sunday, Jan y 129th. IW9U, to Mr. and \lr* Andrew Russell, ot Bristol, a son.
Shawville Hardware
All person* are asked not to telephone the Shawville Com* mjinity Hospital» Inquiring for patients between the hour* of 10 p m. and 7 30a m , a# in this period nurse* on duty find
i, -Your consideration in this respect will be greatly appreciated
Mrs. A. WiLflON,
. M	Matron.
uyon won be game
Mii* Nell Imison has been visiting at the home of her mister, Mi* Jim Johnson, in Montreal.

Bush Supplies
calls very bothersome
MARRIED
Miss Gwen Williams, of Cardinal, Ont., has been a guest at the home
Education Week In Shawville
Smith -Chamberlain
On Friday, January 20th, 1039, at Chalmers United Church, Ottawa, by the Rev. Dr. Wood side, Blanche Mary, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Chamberlain, of Ottawa, to Mr. Fred Smith, second son of Mr. and Mrs. George M. Smith, of Cair.pbed*s Bay.
Hie High School mid Stuff with <>r her sister Mr*. Am Smart, for the co-operation of the churches, the past week.
is sponsoring a religious service, Miss Ethel Smart, who is teach-interdenominational in character, ing at Dunraven. Calumet Island, as Shawville s part in the célébra- spent the week-end at the home of lion of “Education Week*', on her parents, Mr. and Mrs Welling-Monday evening, February 6th, at ton Smart.
8.00 o’clock, in the Uniced Church. » nf	„ . .	.	.
Brief addresses will be given by . Mr. Glenn Hodgin* who 1* at the principal of the High School, tending an Ottawa Business Col-
Mr. 0, 8 Douglas, Rev. T. E R. \***> «pent the week end at the Sturgeon-Daoenais !
Clarendon Women's Institute Nurse, Rev. A. F. Pokes. Assist-	Mr*ftnd Mr,e A quiet but pretty wedding
will meet at the home	or	Mrs.	mg in the service will be James	non gins.	was solemnized at the reetory of
Wilbur Homer on	Wednesday	Gordon. Jack Tolhmst and other M|.„ c N. Woodley,	Mrs.	Alt'.	St. John the Evangelist Church, !
SSS3 EFBSBS
offer new sett lei s.	community service all are invited	H, of the Women's	Missionary	daughter of Mr. ami Mrs. Daniel
,,	- , n	to corne, including all scholar*,	Society.	IDagenais, became the bride of Mr.
Hox Social and PROGRAM--At teacher*, trustees parents and	J	lira Stugeon, eldest son of Mr. and
Austin Community Hall, Friday others interested in education.	Mr. and Mrs. Fred Smith, accom PMrs. John Sturgeon, all of Camp-
night, February 3rd, 1939. at eight	-?---- panied by the former'* sister*,jbell’s Bay
o clock, an old-time box socialI anJ	a.a«vuiM	the Misses Florence and LanriT
program will be held in aid of the	Discuss	Activities	Smith, spent the week end at the
Church repair fund Admission-	Junior Agriculture	home of their parents. Mr. and
20 and 10 cents. Ladies bringing	--- Mrs. Geo. M. Smith, Campbell’s A very pretty but quiet wed-
boxes admitted free.	Plans for this year's junior agii- Bay.	ding was solemnized at the home
culture activities at the Central	________ of the bride's parents, on Wednes-
Canada Exhibition were reviewed _ . .	#	***''**y 2otb. when
at a round table conference in the Celebrate» 6181 Binuday	Edith Emily, daughter ot Mr. and
Exhibition Offices, The Journal	--- Mrs. Nathan Dagg. of Charter!#,
Building. Friday; January 20th,	Mr*. A. S. Smart, of Shawville,	Qu%. became the bride	of Mr.
1999. Rules and regulations class!	received the best wishes and con	Clifford Harrison Sharpe,	son of
float ions and prizes were discussed g ra tula lions of many friends on Mr. *nd Mr*. Han y Sharpe, of The annual meeting of Pontiac and successful deliberation mu Sunday last, the occasion being Caldwell. Que. Rev. R G.-New Agricultural Society, No. 1, was non need, It was the lltli confer- the 81» t anniversary of her birth. raau» °5 XHrm officiated, held in the agricultural hall on ence of this kind. It is planned to Dinner was served to a number The bnde wore a becoming dress Tuesday last with a large number again have a camp on the grounds of relatives and friends^ including ot coronation blue with silver of members present. The presi* to accommodate boys competing in Mrs. Smart's only brother, Mr. accessories ¦
dent, A G. Brough was in the the Calf Club Classes.	John A Dean, and a sister. Mrs «Following the ceremony a dinner
c hair, and It. W. Hudgins, as store The conference was attended by Margaret Wilson.	served to the immediate rela
ta ry	R. 8. Duncan, Toi onto, director of	Mrs. Smart was born at Stark’s	lives by the bride’s sister, Mrs.
Prior to the general meeting the the Agricultural Representatives	Corners in 1858. and returned to	Gerald Lang
directors met to formulate plans Branch and his assistant, A. H. this her native district three years and review the financial statement Martin and the following Agricul- ago after residing m Edmonton, prepared by Sidney B. Hodgins. titrai Representatives:	W. M. Alta , for thirty years. "
chartered accountant, of Montreal. Croskery, Ottawa ; W. A. David Mr*. Smart, we are pleased to T	.	.	.	„
It was shown that finances were son, Perth ; F. La rose, Plantage- report, h enjoying good health. 31 , ,v„i ^ \t 1£ n°me*. , V
üwrai assta	°2i$,!ssrrl",iAw:	--------- 0,& limits \
'"rSSSÜl ”'„m	fm M C0"l0jü?	F;;»-' ™ Wf -,
SSSSI • tstSseva ^
gtveh. nud tbe paying off 11000. on girls club work <vhs present.	arena on Wednesday night by a
the ground mortgage. .	Among others in attendance SCOre of 3 to 2
The total assets of the associa were : M C. McFhall principal of shawville opened the score near tiori are estimated at $lo,o<d. Dur- Kemptville Agricultural School ; middle of the first period
ing the year, improvements were E. Bomdreau, Western Quebec when H |>A|e took fl pass from Renfrew Curlers Lift made to the buildings and grounds junior agricu.tore representative ; L l,)Srforj who shot through a National Grocers Oup
of about $900.	J* W, MavKay, district superviser, 9WArm of players, giving Shea no
The chief speaker at the general production service. Department of chance to save. The period end- A honspiel between four teams meeting in the afternoon was N. Agriculture Ottawa ; Bryan L etj j_q.	from Renfrew and an equal mini-
A. Drummond, county agronome, White, and Dr. W. A. Armstrong, The second period. Langford of her of Shawville curlers was play who expressed his satisfaction tor vice-chairman of the junior «gri- Shawville scored from close in. ed on the local ice on Friday night the successful year of the society culture committee. Other mem- ^evil'e of Contango, scored their with Renfrew winning three and his appreciation of the work bars of this committee were also g^st goal when he banged in a games out of four. The first series of tho officers mid othin ill Sd* present *nd H. H wcR|roy, Mhh rebound thst Hfive^ Imd noehmice wns between rinks of firsts find vaucing the events of the society, ager & Secretary of the Exhibition. to 8:l ve limkjng t|îe scoi e 2—1. seconds in n friendly contest, both
He mentioned advantage* avail-	-------- The third period opened fast games being won by Renfrew with
ab|e this year to members requin g||ftWv||ie United W.M.S	with both goal keepers making sedre* of 18-10 and 10 7. The rinks
ing fertiliser. He mil mated that	-- some brilliant saves. Keon Hink-
¦**i
vSH gT bk	-------- J nr
N D. Kilgour, J. R. McDowell, Dr. week weie appointed, these being Maqnerade Party	The second series was a contest
DJ. Campbell; secretary tvesurer JJrs. V. IV. Woodley, Mrs. Austin Wej| attended	for the National Grocers Cup won
R. W. Hudgins ; auditor, Sydney McDowell and Mrs. Alf Drape!	_	from Pembroke some weeks ago.
“	°A • Mon,r“'-	-isrofS- BartJtis a.rs ps	tr.
mmntt ¥	"'
in a sing song.	Skip ....
Music during the evening was Dr McDowell provided by Messrs. Harvey Me s cuntt Arthur, Ted and George Reid,
Louis and Lindsay Judd.
I	The judging of costumes was in
cently as directors of Clarendon charge of Mrs. L. Caldwell. Mrs.
Farmers’ Club: Rexford Wilson. E G. Coyell and Mr. A. Flood. The
Hurst Hodgins, Harry Belsher, R. following were awarded the prize*:	iMkinff
Js. I. “oSfe N°rT-1 k;. LStssi &SZS& ' »s—
President, Hurst Hodgins ; vice- Margaret Hanna, won the prize for At a	rL,
president, Rexford Wilson : secre* the youngest girl in costume. Pembroke Town Council on lliur.
tary treasurer, Claude Elliott 2 while Miss Lucille Brough carried day afternoon, January JGth, a auditors, Rexford Wilson and off the prize for the queen of the motion was passed to seek co oper-Lorne Armstrong.	masquerade. Mrs. A. Flood of atkm of the two local>
A progressive scheme of opera- Campbell’s Bay received the prize I arllament and igielature. In an
lions was drawn up Among the for the oldest lady in costume. e(ld?AiXi0r
?rPŒ	.T;Xrnr:.
ao5?iA.,tA2r,kiss KSnSfi M0v..“.-&Jü?lssi.a	^
isSt.2:i!‘£!S$i7,orb°r,be Sirs,.-., ,h«r SiS^IUo-ch p,,d np
The F'armerj Club also plans to	with Misses Melba Hodgins and	Junior Boanl	<>t 11 ol<v	ton.iig ^
provide at a minimum cost a	Amy Corrigan in charge of the	and a motion w^ paiw ^d endoi ng
don Richardson, R. 0. Hodgins, R. A. | poultry tattooing service to supper committee.	1 l-riM A	1 ^ tV,	*
Hodgie», R W. Hodgins,	W. E.	Shaw,	poultry breeders of the district.	The singing o' the National	Board	h8“,f5^e‘
fl. E McDowell. M N.	McLeliao,	R	H.1	Those interested should apply to	Anthem brought a very enjoyable	Mqe tbmt a darn	might >«
tbe club secretary for particulars. young people# gathering to a close, connection with tne bridge.
Axes
Community Dance — a mixed da live will be held in the Theatre Hall on Friday evening, February 10til. The Herb, Lindsay, Harvey combination will furnish music with assisting artists. Admission, single, 35. Refreshments
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooks
i
Sharpe—Dago
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Annual Meeting of Pontiao Agricultural Society, No. 1

I
New Prints For Spring*
I
DIED
The first Shipment of New Spring Prints have just arrived, georgous new patterns and designs.
on
Wabasso Quality
1939 Patterns
was conducted by Rev. E. G. Warren. I liter men t was made at Bryson, Que.
Colours Fast
Three price ranges
19c per yd., 25c per yd., 29c per yd.
%
Wabasso Sheetings
This is the time of year to make up your bed linens and quilts etc.
Special Unbleached Sheeting, 81 inch
Width, extra quality, per yard 43 cts
were
Shawville G. Lindsay R. Smith W, A. Hodgins A. Pequegnault
Skip ....
J. Dean N. Drummond Jar Gordon G. MacDougall Skip........
13
10
7
10
72 inch Unbleached Sheeting
Clear and Strong, per yard
Hoard of Directors
39 cts $
. South Onelow—8. W. MacKecbnie.
Bristol—Johu Caldwell, Sam McNeil, Dalton Russell, Nelson McLellan, Martin Stanton.
Clarendon— Hurst Hodgins, N. D. Kilgour, Lloyd Elliott, J. R. McDowell, L Armstrong, Chester Walsh, Gordon Richardson, Claude Elliott, Harold Hodgins, J, W. Horner, Verte! Smiley, E H. Armstrong, A. H. Horner, Arthur Dagg, W. Moflatt. Earl Fulford, Thoe. Eades
Shawville—Dr. D. J. Campbell, H. E. Elliott, G. L Hynes, R H. Cochrane, B. C. Horner, J. E. Cowan, Lep Hod-fins, A. G. Brough, J. M. Argue, G. A. Howard, Emerson Cotie, J. L Hodgins, Hodgins, Harold Hayes, Dr. 8. E McDowell, H. H. Rennick, C. H. MacLean, N. A. Drummond, Q. A. . MacDougall.
Portage du Fort — Thomas Whelen, Gordon Gibbons.
Litchfield—James Petver, Joseph Be nger, W. D. Hodgins, M. J Stanton. Thorne—W. McCleary, Percy Dab ms.
W. BMtbeHL# O.
Shawville j B. Foreman L R. Wilson H. C. Rowat A. G. Brough Skip
G. G. McDowell Bert Horner
G. T Paul A. D. McCredie Skip
an
84 inch Extra Heavy Sheeting
Unbleached, per yard
5
14
59 cts
1
Clarendon Farmers' Club To Tattoo Poultry
T Barr F. Denely,
Special Bleached Sheeting (Hospital)
The following were elected re
11
Skip
7
per yard 65 cts
Lem
Comforter Batts
Pillow Cottons

See the remnant table
la
N
Campbell’s Bay —
La flam in °
Calumet Island—Andrew Murray, Ed. McGee, Frank Korean, M. J. Griffin. Bryson—Clarence Wall.
Lady directors—Mesdames John A. Armstrong, D J. Campbell, W. H. Corrigan, W. V. L Corrigan, J. C Caldwell, P. Dab ms, Percy Eadee, Qor-
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Quebec
Shawville
Armstrong, C. T. Wilson.
###PAGE###2###
would be appropriate for a dance j to help him make friends, only she
didn’t see why he placed much Importance on these people. The subject made her uncomfortable. She switched the conversation.
"1 saw a horrible, accident on the way home," she told him. “A car struck a woman and child—" Larry interrupted roughly. "Now for heaven’s sake, Pat, let’* not talk traffic. You get it all day, and I should think you’d want to forget it once in a while."
She sank back in the seat at a loss. "I’m sorry, Larry. I didn’t mean to. Tell me—did you have a busy clay? Where all did you go?’’ The Other Side of Town "It was busy enough. Went to High Hill about 5. That held me up and I went straight home from there. Didn’t even go back to the office.’’
High Hill—far out north, Pat thought mechanically. High Hill and then straight home. Why he couldn’t have been on Fourth then at 5.45 if he were on the other side of town. She laughed at her own silliness.
"I guess I have you on my mind,” she said, moving closer. "On the bus going home I thought I saw you drive by. It was raining and the traffic was heavy, but I thought I saw you. It just goes to show how one’s imagination can
play tricks."
He answered calmly enough. "Yes, your imagination dicl that time. I was on the other sicle of town and you didn’t sec me."
Green Tea At Its Best
at the club was another worry
• SERIAL STORY
Her fears disappeared when she went to the phone to answer a call from Larry.
"I'll be a little late," him drawling voice came to her. "Delayed at the office a bit, but we’ll get there in plenty of time. Pick you up around 9.30.”
She felt the exhilarating thrill that always came when she heard his voice. "Of course, darling. I was late getting home myself. Don’t hurry. Just take your time —and be careful."
She had meant to tell him that he had narrowly avoided being held up by an accident that afternoon. If anything ever happened to him she didn’t know what life would hold for her. She meant to tell him later just how fortunate he had been to be ahead of that crash.
The time slipped by magically while she busied herselLwith a shower, brushing her dark hair into a soft, curling silken halo, smoothing the lace frock around her slim hips, dancing a few steps in the new satin sandals.
"Don't Talk Traffic"
HIT-RUN LOVE
COPYRIGHT. I#*# NEA SERVICE. INC.

FF
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN

A
A
even as much as she had been for those few tense moments.
The bright lights of home welcomed her through the door, and the odor of food made her realize just how hungry she was after lunching on nothing but an orange. The familiar setting was dear to her. Though throw rugs were necessary to cover the worn places on the living-room carpet, though antimacassars were used to cover threadbare places on chairs and sofa, there was the warmth of a home about the
CAST OF CHARACTERS
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law
and love
•a

He faced
Larry Kent—hero
an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney—prosecutor. He
awaited the processes ot the law.
# # * $


The action: En route home, Pat t Larry's coupe speed past her bus, dart into traffic. The bus slops abruptly. A woman has been killed, a child injured by a hit-run
vanilla and beat until thick etnugh to spread.
Household
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS
Bittersweet Coating
1	square unsweetened chocolate
2	teaspoons butter
Melt chocolate and butter over hot water and blend. Cool slightly and pour as coating over rake, letting chocolate cover top entirely and run down on sides.
rooms.
Hats tossed heedlessly on the chair nearest the door testified to the presence of the boys. The radio blared to a dance band. Bill sat sprawled in a big chair reading the sport pages while Joe twisted the radio dial over to police calls.
"Hi, handsome," their young
voices, deep bass now, greeted .	. , , ,,	.
“Shnl vour coat, sis, we’re ! Larry armed looking smart and ready to eat*"	blase in his tuxedo, his blond hair
Her mother va me in from the shining. She knew he anticipated
the party, but she hadn't expected him to show quite such concern.
"A lot of important people go to these parties,” he said, helping her into the car. "People that count. It can help me if I really get in with the right crowd. They spend money for cars all right. No cheap jobs for them. Why I just heard that Dottie Barnes is in the market for another model.
CHAPTER 1IÎ
The accident broke down barriers between strangers. Passengers in the bus were all discussing the tragedy. The woman next to Pat was voluble.
"Of course l can't be positive, but 1 think it was the coupe," she declared angrily. "The window was misted, 1 admit, but I saw it rut across in front of the bus just as we stopped. Oughtn t to be hard to catch the driver. It was sheer murder, that's what. 1 have a sister-in-law who was hit by n car last year. She was in the hospital for months, and her leg still bothers her. The police ought to do something to drivers who go like mad. It's terrible, awful—”
By Katharine Baker
Here is something a little different and fancy In the way of home-made cakes,
Sponge Roll. It's very good looking—Chocolate cake with a Huffy white filling rolled up inside just like a jelly roll. But the grand part about it is that it isn’t difficult to make. For jelly rolls and chocolate rolls a variation of the regular sponge cake recipe is used. It contains baking powder and is easier and move economical to make. And the addition of double-acting baking powder makes sure of a light, tender cake which relis with no difficulty.
Chocolate
Widow Gets Millions
And then it was time to go
her
w
A
kitchen. "Yes, they've been ready for an hour. You’d think they’d been on a diet for a month to hear nil this talk about ‘hurry up dinner*.” She smiled and put her soft cheek against Pat's. "Have a hard day. darling? I thought you’d be home earlier.”
A Police Call
Trite, comfortable talk that pushed the outside world far away.
Pat hung up her wraps, deposited her bundles in her room, brushed her rain-damp hair into waves. Downstairs the police call broke into a monotonous stream of announcements.
"Attention all cars, attention all cars. He on the lookout for a blue coupe that struck and seriously injured a woman and child at 5.45 this afternoon. The accident occurred at Hazelwood and Fourth. The driver is wanted on a hit-run charge. No other identification yet. Attention all cars while we repeat—”
Pat stood staling into the mirror, seeing her own eyes widen at the memory of the scene that flashed before her again. A blue coupe: thousands of them in the city of course. No other identification as yet. A little stab of fear thrust at her heart, but she pushed it away. Thousands of such cars. Too traffic-conscious. That was all.
Voices from downstairs broke the spell. She gave her nose a final dab of powder and went down to the security of the fam-



(CONTINUED NEXT ISSUE)
Tragedy Too Close
The rest of the ride home was uncom fortable
i
Spring Colors:
Y ellows, Blues
Chocolate Sponge Roll
fi tablespoons cake flour lit teaspoon doublv-a ting baking powder
U teaspoon salt cup sifted sugar 4 egg whites, stiffly beaten 4 egg yolks, beaten until thick and lemon-colored ! teaspoon vanilla 2 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift together three times. Fold sugar gradually into egg whites. Fold in egg yolks and vanilla. Fold In flour gradually. Then beat in chocolate, gently but thoroughly. Turn into 15 x 10-inch pan which has been greased, lined with paper to within !y inch of edge, and again greased. Hake in hot oven (400 deg. F. ) 13 minutes. Quickly cut off crisp edges of cake and turn out on cloth covered with powdered sugar. Remove paper. Spread Seven Minute Frosting over cake and roll. Wrap in cloth and cool on rack. Cover with Bittersweet Coating.
that tragedy had come so close made Pat nervous, depressed. Her imagination could all too clearly picture the grief in some home where a family waited unsuspectingly for a mother and child. ~ It was a relief to get off at her stop, to breathe in the cool, wet air, to be free of the talk, to turn her thought*, to her own affairs, to the date with Larry. Of course >t was fortunate Larry had not

\
1
She’s the one 1 told you about last winter, 'member
Remember—of course she did. Pat felt the lace of her frock, looked clown at the new sandals, wondered in a moment of panic just how she would compare with the other girls. Dottle Barnes with her cars, horses, servants, Paris gowns. She did want to help Larry, wanted him to be proud of her,
L-.t
ou
Flying On the Fashion Front Is A Wide Range of Yellow and Greenish and Parrot Blues
;
v#
. f
l
Colors arc still flying on the fashion front.
They were among "firsts” in the collections recently shown in Paris. NJcny designers regard the importance given the colors in latest showings as an indication that they may hold n prominent place in spring styles.
Yellows are outstanding news. They appear in a wide range, running from pale greenish tints to warm golden, amber and orange tones, and stylists fore ast them as smart colors for midseason frocks, particularly when worn with brown. . v
Violet, Mauve Tone» Too
Blues are in the forefront, too. Greenish and parrot blues, mauve-tinged periwinkle and hyacinth tones, vivid cornflowers, medium navy blues and deep midnight blues are all displayed.
Violet and mauve tones, enlivened beiges, pinks (some almost as intense as geranium and others sh ding toward cyclamen) and a few unusual greens such as a bluish vitro I are also included in the new color card.
Mrs. Daniel Dodge, former freephone operator of Gore Bay, Ont., and widow of the youthful motor heir who lost his life in an he i-dent Inst summer, will receive* an amount reported from $2.00(1,030 to $8,000,000 from his estate, according to the terms of a settlement announced at Pontiac. Mich.
been taught in the traffic muddle. Had he been there he might have seen the accident, might even have been called as a witness. And Larry hated such messes—pain, death, the detail of trying to identify anyone. She was glad been ahead of it all: not involved
1
he had
x.r


The Secrets J
I

Sf
Your
Child

Young Butcher Type
Pajamas—Or “Tuck-In”
Good Looks
3
3
i
h

"Th

i

«
l^(vUrcVvû. ^
HW
IWt lei coostipetioo dell ih»t Wpf •mile. Give Sieedman s Powder». <fio mild, geode latente specially made for babies and growing children. For more than 100 year» Mothers everywhere Have trusted Steedman s to keep children licatrb-fully regular from infancy to early
FREE Sample and Booklet
•flltile m Mother»" on Write John Stecttmnn A Co., I>ept. IS, 442 St. tinhrlel SI roof. Montrent.	67 N
ily
GIVE YOURSELF A BEAUTY STOCKTAKING!
The New Year is a good time to undergo a Beauty Stocktaking. Consider yourself from bead to toe; weigh up your good points and those that are not so rood. Resolve to make the most of your appearance during the coming months.
And break all your other New Year resolutions, if you must, but persevere with this one!
Is your skin clear and smooth? I am a firm believer in the habit of taking a dash of fruit salt 1» & glass of water every morning on arising. It helps internal cleanliness and keeps spots and pimples gway from the skin.
Have you any "aging” lines or wrinkles? Look especially around the eyes, mouth, chin and forehead.
If the signs are only faint, get to work on them. It will save lots of trouble later on. Deep furrows require constant end patient care to eradicate. Uus cleansing cream during the day and. at night, massage with a rich tissue cream. Leave this cream on overnight unless you have an oily skin.
What kind of face powder do you use? Are you using a coarse powder that tarnishes the skin, or do you wisely use the delightfully smooth airspun powder that warms the skin and gives it a youthful appearance?
Do you bite your lips, or do they chap easily? The biting cold of our winters plays havoc with our lips, but a lypsyl salve will smooth them and keep them lovely.
Next week's article will continue this Beauty Stocktaking. In the meantime, write me about your personal beauty problems. You can obtain any of the following Interest-
lng leaflets by sending 3c stamp | J THEIR
for each one: Facial Care. Bust Development, Underweight, Superfluous Hair, Hand Beauty, Glamorous Hair, Slimming. Feet Care, Fascinating Eyes and Reducing in Spots.
Please address your letter to:
Barbara Lynn. Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Ontario.
Seven Minute Frosting
2 egg whites, unbeaten 1 % cups sugar.
5 tablespoons water 1 teaspoons light corn syrup
1 teaspoon vanilla
Combine egg whites, sugar, water, and corn syrup in top of double boiler, beating with rotary ^ egg beater until thoroughly mixed. Place over rapidly boiling water, beat constantly with rotary egg beater, and cook 7 minutes, or until frosting will stand in peaks. Remove from boiling water; add
"Listen, handsome,” Bill interrupted his attack on a well-filled plate to turn to her. "About those jobs Larry promised me and Joe this summer ear to get to work, and we found
wm.
Well we’ll need a
9^§TE|DMAN’S
POWDERS
tb* dombh EE symbol m
a swell bargain today; just a roadster, a 1930 model, that we
?
Belated Brides
Annoy Pastor
van get for practically nothing. Artie Davis wants to get rid of it. He’s going to camp this summer as a counselor, and he’ll let us have it for just about nothing. If we can make a little down payment we can pay the rest when we get working. We thought maybe you’d help us out on the first payment, and we’ll nay you back pronto. How’s about it?”
Pat hesitated. They were big boys now. Old enough to have jobs, nearly through high school, old enough to get driver’s licenses, and yet to her they seemed so young.
m
V
m
ACTS FAST
TO BRING RELIEF FROM COLDS
English Vicar Protests Because They’re Not On Time at Weddings
z
After Motherhood
Annoyed at being kept waiting at church weddings fully robed, with the bridegroom looking worried and the guests beginning to fidget, the Rev. R. N. Pyke, vicar of Southwold, England, criticized unpunctual brides in his parish magazine.
"Is it,” the vicar asked, "courteous to keep the bridegroom wait-inging with increasing discomfort as the minutes pass by for the bride—who has arranged the hour of her wedding entirely at her own convenience?"
"Merely Rude"
He said that recently one bride was 17 minutes late.	'
"What sort of public advertisement is it for a bride to be late for the most important occasion of her life?" Mr. Pyke asked.
"Some brides think it fashionable to be late. That is quite a mistake. It is merely rude.”
A
TF you are weak, ! nervous, or have | backache, sidearhe or headaches due lo • organic disturbance*, you will find Dr. Pierre’s Favorite Prescription beneficial. It tones the female organs, calms the nerves,
Mr.. Maurice Tobin. 41

xfM
This Simple Way Eues Pain and Diseemlert and Sere Threat Accemyaaying Gelds with Amazing Speed
3126
Accidents Happen
She turned uncertainly to her mother. "It’s not just buying a car,” she said slowly. "There’s insurance. You’d simply have to have that, and sometimes I think a car’s a terrible worry. So many accidents happen—” her voice trailed off as the boys overwhelmed her.
"My gosh, Pat, we khow how to drive. Haven’t we been driving Artie’s car for two years? It isn’t as though we were beginners. You got a complex from that old traffic court,” Joe said impatiently. “It’s a wonder you don’t try to make Larry stop selling cars.”
Her mother looked at him re-
SIZES 12 - 20
1
improve, nutrition Frank St., Petcrboro, Ont., uy.l "Fel loving mother boo.! I developed inward we.lnesi that pulled me completely down In health. I was weak, had pain, in my .Idea, my back ached and I was very nervoue. After taking five bottle# of Dr. Pierre'# Favorite Preemption my nerves were in good condition and I had fully regained my health and strength." Ask your druggiet today for It in liquid or tablet#.

<

u

\
Sv4£


By LOUISE LENNOX
»
V
Here’s the new butcher type pajamas that all the smart young things are wearing. The loose coat-like top buttons up to a becoming club collar. It is optional whether you have the two huge patch pockets. See the minor view! The trousers are fitted with darts at the back below the waistline. They’re very cuddly and warm made of bright colored flannel as powder-blue, French blue, aquamarine, blue-violet, etc. The "tuck-in ” version is irresistibly feminine in crinkly cotton in dusty-pink, baby-blue, ice-green, tea-rose, etc. And let me tell you a secret
Iron them after they are tubbed unless you wish to.
Style No. 3126 is designed for aizee 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 30, 82, 34, 36 and 38 inches bust. 8»e 16 requires 4 6-8 yards of 88 inch material.
Send fifteen cents (15c), (coin la preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St, Toronto. Write plainly year name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
T3§»

/m
!
!

%
provingly. "Pat’s thinking of your good, young man. Boys are apt to be heedless. You’ll probably speed, and get in accidents. It’s always happening. I don’t know what to say,” she concluded lame-
I


FIGHT COLDS
dii ^
4m rmw
ieremfort mad re-
duce fever lake 2 dlewlve S ' A##ia" "* Aaalria” Tablets — Tablets in •, tf an» of drink a glams of water, water . . . gzwdU. Repeal In 2 hears.

f

SOURCE

Just Be Sure You Use
“Aspirin”— Do it the Moment
You Feel i Cold Coining
The simple way pictured a ho often brings amazingly fast rel from discomfort and s accompanying colds.
Try it. Then — see your doctm He probably will tell you to coatinue with “Aspirin" because it acts so relieve discomforts of a cold.
iy
"Well, it doesn’t have to be decided tonight anyway," Pat said finally. “1 just want you to realize though, that there is a responsibility in owning a car." » New Dreaa to Wear
, The boys forgot the matter while they concentrated on ice cream made in the new electric refrigerator, and after the dishes had been done Pat thought of her date that evening. They were to go to a dance at the Country Club—a really smart affair, Lai-ry had explained. She went upstairs to look at her dress — a last summer’s party gown that sb® had freshened and brightened with new touches here and there. After all she hadn’t known Larfy
The dress would to him, but whether or mot

T
I
in
ve
f Once you sweeten your morning cereal *
icf
sore throat
You won’t have to
cm****
IF YOU FEEL SUNK
with IEE HIVE
At the first sign of a cold, treat it in d this end Cheer lip a simple, direct, and time-proven way.
"	«€«7.. fight the lurking germs...
iLydfcTpbShîSli VeewtabU Cow clear your moos and help keep it dear. Let he wkefwoÎM karts sad roots Get a 30 cent tube or jar of Menthols*
today. PjSaufn f to bring fuicM relief or monci back
fast to And to reduce fever.
Syrip you’ll {
know how good cereal can taste. ;
This
simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely supplanted the use of strong medicines 1; vriing cold symptoms. Perha. most effective way yet discovered.
csrti
M IUjRj B° TwZjUtbov*
SSsSSra
Ai
a
“ASPIRIN"
tha

luue No. 4 — '39
w.
*
Winter Fashion Magazine 10c


B

r
/

###PAGE###3###

Good Star*
1 !
In laying more egg#—If# the selsell?# breeding. That Is how the Canadian Government hopes to Increase the egg production In all flocks throughout Canada.
University Preserves Native Canadian Crafts
Canadian Hens Aim T o Produce 144 Eggs Yearly
Mr. George Cawley, tree-feller, Chertsey, England, fell seventy feet from a tree and was unharmed. Twice a truck in which he wae driving overturned and he escaped. Blasting powder exploded prematurely and only his hands ware burned. His house y&ught fire end he and his family escaped through a window.
Sunday School
Lesson
Gold production in Canada during the first ten months of 1988 totalled 8,871,956 ounces eom-pared with 8,880,786 ounces In the corresponding period of 1987.
Head of Poultry Department el Macdonald College Says Average Production Is Now Less Than 100 Annually Per
LESSON V
PETER DECLARES HIS LOVE
John 21s 11-19
Golden Text—If ye love me, ye will keep my commandments. John 14: IS.
Bird.

By William Ferguson
This Curious World
Hens In Germany must do their best for the Nazi regime. Regimented birds are expected to Increase their annual production of eggs from 80 to 90 apiece to 140 apiece a year. That's an order, according to Canadian poultry experts. While It may be quite an order, unregimented Canadian hens are expected to do their full duty. While the average annual production per bird In Canada falls under 100 a year, Canada Is aiming at 144 a year. So says Dr. W. A. Maw, head of the poultry department of Macdonald College.
Can Do 177 In Contests The average production at the Canadian egg-laying contests is 177 eggs. Macdonald College does even better with Its selected birds—186 It was last year. But it took a University of Saskatchewan hen to touch the high spot with 359 eggs In one year.

1
l
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—In the month of April, A.D. 30.
Place—At the Sea of Galilee, probably near Capernaum.
Simon Peter therefore went up, and drew the net to land, full of great fishes, a hundred and fifty and Jhree; and for all there were so many, the net was not rent Peter ever takes the initiative (John 21:3).
"It It The Lord"
No more beautiful portrait in all these exquisite Gospel narratives was ever drawn than this early morning .scene, where the disciples, more or less bewildered by the Lord’s presence, sat down together for a simple breakfast.

Sv
1 #U- HERON H FOLDS UP HIS |j I NECK BETWEEN I
1 his CH^srr bL-,-
ANP HIS BEAfC. I

X
I «
IB * I



v
!
/|/f

| ’ L
r
.

f
#
3 *
: \


\
; i




Ef
k:
A:
A course to stimulate interest in the home and community arts of Canada is being planned at the University of Toronto. In the photo above are seen some fine samples of wood carving executed by Canadian handicraft students. Expert craftsmanship is revealed by the pottery figures and the exquisite pieces of hand-decorated tile pottery.

a

X
*1
Christ Knows Our Needs
John 21: 12-14. 12. Jesus saith unto them, Come and break your fast And none of the disciples durst inquire of him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord. 13. Jesus cometh, and tak-eth the bread, and giveth them, and the fish likewise. The meal proceeded in silence. Jesus himself « passed from one to another, bringing to each the bread and fish. No one dared ask who he was, for all by this time knew him to be the Lord.
14. This is now the third time that Jesus was manifested to the disciples, after that he was risen from the dead. The two previous appearances which arc here referred to were, no doubt, those recorded by John in the preceding chapter, the first, verses 19-23; the second, verses 26-29.
"Lovett Thou Me?”
John 21: 15-17. 15. So when they had Lvken their fast, Jesus saith to oHiion Peter, Simon, son of John. Lovest thou me more than these? Some days before this Peter had insinuated that he more faithful and more de-
Eat More, Lay More The Nazis may the increase in eggs among German hens must be brought about without Increasing the feed. Dr. Maw says the more hens lay the more they eat. But It Is not the eating that Is Important
I
0 t
I
Thirty-one permits involving building operations to the value of $19,130 were issued in Banff townsite in October.
the fact that Peter visited Rome and suffered the martyr’s death there under Nero, probably about 64 A.D.
corn if n er	'«vice. mt.

"Follow Me”
19b. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me. During the Lord’s earthly life following him implied the abandonment of previous occupations (Matt. 9: 9) and duties (Matt. 8: 22), attendance upon him, perhaps in disgrace and danger (Matt. 10: 38). Now to "follow Christ” required coming to him as a sinful creature, and finding one’s whole salvation and hope in humble reliance on the merit of his death. Then we may follow him in obedience and imitation and glad communion.
DEFECTIVE
distance:
possible:
BETWEEN ANY TWO POINTS ON THE' EARTH'S SURFACE, IN A STRAIGHT LINE,
IS APPRCKIMATEL>

Are You Listening?
WALTZIfskS Mice
WAL.TZ/
o
-to
By FREDDIE TEE

x
Italians Love Swing Italians want more American swing music, says Mat Jordan, NBC continental European representative, now in this country. They love swing and enjoy dancing to It,* he said, and to meet this demand the NBC and the Italian Radio Co. have arranged for the re broadcast of two swing programs a month throughout Italy.
GEORGE MURPHY, m.c.
George Murphy, the young actor who rose to his present eminence In the films after sessions at Yale University, a Ford factory, a coal mine, a real estate office and a night club, further demonstrates his versatility as master of ceremonies for the new "Screen Guild Shows”, to be heard over the Columbia network every Sunday night (WABC-CBS, 7.30 to 8.00 p.m. EST.) Murphy has been seen as actor and dancer In the Broadway hits “Good News”, ''Of Thee I Sing”, "Shoot the Works”, “Hold Everything"
and “ Roberta ".
>
_____________ m
THE earth’s greatest diameter is 7926.7 miles, which gives it a circumference of approximately 25,000 miles. Therefore, in order to reach a point at the opposite end of the earth, we would need to travel only 12,500 miles.
NEXT: Is It true that all babies are born with blue eyes?
A/1//.

t-i
High Heels Tire Feet and Body
That’s The Truth Frank Morgan can no longer deny that he’s a prevaricator! He has just received a membership card from the famous Burlington, Wisconsin Liars’ Club reading, "Officers of the Burlington Liars’ Club after due consideration of evidence submitted, do declare that Frank Morgan Is a full-fledged LIAR, entitled to every courtesy from Liars everywhere* and an Honorary Member of our Club for Life."
National Insignia
Watch Out For the Peril of “High-Heel Hobble”, Brti-ish Physician Warns.
was
pendable than any of the other disciples (Mark 14: 29-81. Now our Lord faces him with this penetrating question whether he really loved the Master more than any of the other disciples. "Lovest thou me?” Jesus Christ sues each of us, not for obedience primarily, not for repentance, not for vows, not for conduct, but for a heart; and, that being given, all the rest will follow. That is the distinguishing characteristic of Christian morality, that Jesus seeks first for the surrender of the affections, and believes, and is warranted in the belief, that if these are surrendered, all else will follow; and, love being given, loyalty and service and repentance and hatred of self-will and of selfseeking will follow in her train.
He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. Noman can speak this way to the Lord, whether face to face as Peter was here, or, as we speak to Christ, in prayer, unless he absolutely believes in his own heart that he does love the Lord, and, because he is convinced he does love him, he is also convinced that the Lord knows he loves him. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs. As long as they had Christ’s sheep to care for, Christ would not seem to be quite gone out of the world. And how are we to feed the sheep? By giving them the word of God.
«
16	Important industry In this country.
17	Opposed to
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle 1 Coat of arms

Among the many pictures In which he has had major roles have been “Kid

BCMd ¦ OMIÏ10B ¦ CiniiT ÜHMIIZHM WIlHIiHAra
MUJii :iB ¦ IBM1Î1 I USD 031:1 fltiB
00 DQflGflHWklH
go raroa asm n
(BHHf-1 MflRSC!
a uDïi aosr a :io ann n tin ¦hie MrciDHiiam bh«
HTO4H BU MB I9HQS! 0000011 UEIlUIJIlOHld «IÏÏHBIIHïî
From a study of waitresses, a prominent London, England, doctor has deduced that vanity and too-high heels are ruining the feet and grace of British women.
In a letter to the British Medical Journal Dr. Elwln H. T. Nash declares that so easily do such heels wear down at one side there Is a constant abnormal strain on the feet and body.
Abnormal Strain “The psychological damage, too, Is often considerable,” he mays, "as the victim seems to think that everyone behind her Is looking at her heels.
"She cannot get away from the fact that, to keep her feet decent, •he has to buy many more pairs."
of
pictured here.
6 General Lazaro this country’s president
12	Sea eagle.
13	Gleamed,
15	Moisture.
16	Schemes.
18	Social insect.
19	Tricks.
21 Barks.
23 Decree.
25 Transposed.


fast.
19	Finger ornament
20	Serious.
22 Irish fuel 24 Lady.
26 Branches.
28 A flowing
forth.
30 Largest toad. 32 Sesames.
34 Inlet, its boundaries. 35 God of war.
36 Work of skill 38 Powder ingredient 40 Lava.
42 Feeling concern.
44 Cubic meter.
46	Five and five.
47	Golf professional
49 Half.
51	Deeds.
52	Consumed.
54 Also.
Militons". "Jealousy," “Broadway Melody of 1938”,

is
X
m
THOR
and
Most Popular Radio
The convenience of the famous DeForest Crosley Sloping Tuning Panel which provides "No-Stoop, No-Squint” Tuning, must be responsible for the popularity of the new 1939 DeForest Crosley radio models—as It has been rated, In a magazine survey, the most popular Canadian made radio.
"Hold That Co-Ed”.
The Screen Guild shows each week
_____	present a number
George Murphy of Hollywood’s leading players who are contributing proceeds for the building of a home for the aged and needy In the film colony.

43 Data.
27 Eggs of ashes. 45 iSiuth.
2? Umt.	«7 Point
30	Mormdin dye. pini^
31	Rodent, i |
33 Supplying
heat,
36	Era.
37	To leave out 55 Cutting tooth. 7 Poker stake.
8	Musical note.
9	To evolve.
10 Birds’ home.
River 11 Reverence, flowered shrub forms one of 14 Possesses.
VERTICAL
2	Snaky fish.
3	Roentgen ray.
4	Interior.
5	Bone.
pronoun.
50 Animal or humin being.
53 Encountered. $ To Peruse*
Canadian Roman Catholic Prelates Sail For Rome
%
Nagayo Motoori, a composer of Japan, urges a boycott of foreign music.
I
39	Hair ornament
40	Cuckoopint. 58,59 The
41	Purple
56	Lunar orb.
57	Pedal digit
?
Rabbit Waits Till He Gets Shotgun
4
m
I
They had rabbit pie at the Victor household in Oshawa last week, and thereby hangs the tale of an optimistic hunter, Charles Victor, a motorman of the Oshawa Street Railway on an early run to Oshawa-on-the-Lake, noticed a large jack rabbit sleeping on the side of the road near the Oshawa Creek bridge. Telephoning home, Mr. Victor made arrangements to have his shotgun available at the completion of his run. As soon as he was off duty he returned to the lake to see the jack rabbit still sleeping.
Unwilling to take advantage of the rabbit’s trust in safety, the "hunter” roused him, and as he bounded for safety took aim and fired.


1
I
1


y E4
"Feed My Sheep”
16.	He saith to him again a second time, Simon, son of John, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Tend my sheep. The verb here translated "tend” means "to shepherd.”
17.	He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of John, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third
And he
5 26
3
33
I
32
7
ft

/
I
$
4. tm
X
m
time, Lovest thou me? said I unto
/
These three Canadian digni*-tries of the Roman Catholic church are pictured as they sailed fron New York for Rome. Italy. LEFT to RIGHT they are Bishop Ar ase Forget, of St. Hyacinthe.Quebec: Auxiliary Bishop Alphonse E. Deschamp, of Montreal; and His Excellency Rodrigue Cardinal Villeneuve.
him, Lord, thoa knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.
IS. Verily, verily, 1 say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdedst thyself, . and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shall be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou woulest not. 19a Now this he spa! e, signifying by what mannet of death he should glorify God. Jesus foretells at least that this disciple shall be «{fared to old age, and that then he shall meet with a violent death. We have now no certain knowl-eoge of the time or place or mode of Peter’s death. With the exception of a passing and general allusion to his death in Clement of Rome there is not for a" century after It must have taken place any historical mention of him. From the end of the second century, however, there flows a steady stream of tradition, testifying to
By J. MILLAR WATT
nS AWFUL HAVING TO SAV SOMETHING SILLY, EVERY MORNING/
POP—Jig-Saw Nerves
no!
ARE YOU READY FOR
Your
BATH,
SIR 9
4 HAVEN’T GOT MY CLOTHES ON YET/
A
0

c
• •
X

/

.4


Dd
\
1

d

u



/d/'v
!
!

n

tills by Tbs Bell


###PAGE###4###
—


meeting adjourned
Correspondence
Screech Owls Prowler* »
Devour Insects, Rodents Donations te Bible Society I ^ ^ y,, moa, diligent mouse
_	________ .	AebnewleSeed	hunters la the screech owl. The
Theological College and professor of Mr. John H. Murray,	I 1 All of the owls long have been per-
<* »»• A. r. re.»	=% ? = ? ST&S
The chief hope for saving our demo- Q D. D. Kilpatrick.	Dear Mr. Murray—We thank you for Tribune, because these birds kill
cracy lies in the faith which our youth	%	the contribution from your local branch countless numbers of meadow mu e,
places in it. The totalitarian states of	0f the Bible Society which we have just wood mice an# small insect pests
Germany, Russia, Italy and Japan Hull M L. A Attacks	received.	which Injure farm crops,
realize this and are achieving their Government Relief Measures Tho Bible Society is most grateful For example, the screech owl is aspirations by the capture of the youth.	—	for this gift and for your efforts on its known to consume grasshoppers,
The storm troopers of these lands are Ctiticism of the Federal Government's behalf. Could you, as opportunity may crickets and many other kinds of young fellows, frequently under twenty policy regarding relief was voiced by arise, convey our sincere thanks to all insects, as well as crawfish and an years of age.	Alexander Tache, M.LA-, in addressing branch officers, and workers for their occasional snake. The night hunt-
A recent news film pictures the griev* a rally of the Union Nationale Associa- loyal co-operation, and to the collectors ing screech owl likes insects better
Chinagives the tion of Hull, at the Windsor Hotel, who have again been so faithful in than any other American owl with pathetic plight of Spanish victims, and Hull, on Friday night.	securing this money that God's Word I the exception of the burrowing owl.
reaches the climax with actual pictures The plan to have both Federal and may be spread abroad t	The screech owl usually nests
of the barbarities in Naxi Germany	provincial governments pay 40 per cent.	With	deep appreciation	of your | near farm buildings or in holes in
These show ruffians going about nunv	of relief costs and the municipalities 20	efforts	and kind personal	regards, I j trees, an old orchard with hollow
tneling old men, women and children,	per cent, could not work in many Que-	remain,	limbs in some of the trees providing
making these scrub the open road on bee municipalities as they were unable	Faithfully you vs,	an ideal nesting spot,
their knees for example, while a jeering to pay their share. Entire relief costs	B. V. MauLkan.S Just how good the little screech
crowd looks on. Who are doing these should be borne by the Federal Govern-	owls are as farm citizens is best told
thing ? They are young people. In ment.	—	by scientists who have examined
all the pictures of these bands or ma Mr. Tache reviewed the amount of Co operation for Tourist* Oulde the stomach contents of the birds landing persecuting storm troppers, who work provided by the Union Nationale	Solicited	For example, out of 324 stomachs
are the backbone of Hitler’s strength, Government in the Hull district and	R Q	examined 169 were found to contain
not one seems to be over twenty-five the amount of relief handed out during	T	into	insects, 142 contained small animals
years of age and more of them were last year. He thanked Hull Mayor	«ian. xtm, ivw	(such as field mice, house mice,
much younger. Frustrated youth has Alphonse Mousette for co-operating	>» j 1 f?	etc.), 56 contained birds, and 15
been captured by the promises and de- with him on relief matters.	hhawvme, ytie.	crawfish. Any one who dislikes the
HÜi ÜI
autocratic ideas of government ; between barbaric and the Christian ideals of conduct. The spiritual heritage of society here is going to lie in danger.
Are we preparing youth to face the
Sour dem^raTy ZdnurlitM “ïï , Jera ‘ Unn-eus )'	called ye\ ' ^ ^ co-operation «rd assistance
ESSHiF	i--*- * «. .«»«•. n.
iim*
iWhift Wlnf mptluvls nf C mm base of each leaf-stalk are two leaf	man removes 71 yards of beard
tion should we follow "" How can we «Pondages. The flowers are tulip- Advantage# in Co-operativ# Buying between the ages of twenty and six-
B***
«re being called to a discussion of these «re%ooîh \hioTlLt radish m effect.
problems. By newspaper articles, radio brown	fleure	Cattle, calves, lambs and sheep are
problems of education in a democratic The buds are smooth_ flattened, one- *.«““»• ffr cwt • hogs rail gradcd at country and a Christian nation. During fourth ,0 one.hal( an inch ,ong. e.ghty cents per dressed cat fh.s
tbisweek it is ho,»ed that there may be ^ inted, reddish-brown, and figures out at between fifty-five and
established a strong three-way parner covered with one pair 0, bud-scales. ««'X	**T U\* CWJ' This system
sh'p between the	Home, the School	and	within the buds are small leaves.	T /"ed out for the first time on
the Church.	The wood is soft, not strong, light.	April 30th of las year and has since
¦ L" - l0Clil icorunlumty et Pve7>' white-yellowish to brownish, and >*£me very BnPular; , right-thinking citizen get behind the works easily. It is used for furni- Having many advantages over live
purposes for wlncb	“Education	Week	ture interior finishings wooden-	grading system, not least of which is a
StaDd8-	ware, novelties and veneer.	decided increase in number of select
The tulip tree is found from Rhode	bacons procured ; but foi those doubt-	Meat,	Eat	Sugar Readily
Island to Michigan, south to Florida m6 lhomases, who are skeptical of According to W. R. Walton, senior
and Arkansas. It frequently reaches	everything new, wt have made arrange-	entomologist, United States Depart-
a height of 100 feet and a diameter	ments to have both s> stems available to	ment of Agriculture, earthworms
¦	our shippers. Just state your choice on	feed partly on the soil. They swal-
arrival to the weigher, who must mark	tow great quantities of earth, from
hogs accordingly. We further announce	which they digest organic matter.
cancellation of the former half per cent,	both animal and vegetable. Their
* n e » i	». commission charged to members on net digestive apparatus is equipped
The minutes of last meeting were read	or Professor s Ingenuity	receipts. Take advantage of this Wore	with a gizzard-like	organ by the	aid
and on motion of Comr Graham were Long	before the Revolution,	Co-	shipping by paying your dues for the	of which they are	able to grind	up
adopted,	lonial farmers knew about a “won-	calendar y3a* 1939. Half per cent	the tougher fragments of food. They
Motion by Comr. Stewart,	that	this	derful” drilling machine which	commission is still charged to non-	are fond of either raw or^cooked
Board extend the time for J. N. Russell could be used for planting certain members. -	,	ft |meat and will eat sugar readily.
conveying pupils from No. 1 District to crops.	Just how successfully it	op-	Apart from honest weights and Mr	The mouth of the earthworm is	de-
No. 9 School until June 30tb, 1039 erated	the records do not state,	but	treatment to our shippers, we have	void of teeth or	other biting	or
A letter	was	read	from	Inspector Me	Eliot, in his “Fifth Essay on Field	many other attractions for the patrons	gnawing apparatus, and consists of
Arthur stating	that	a	grant	of	$90.00	Husbandry,” published in 1754. says	of our organization in the matter of	a simple sucking or grasping meeb-
had been recommended to this School “Mr. Tull’s Wheat Drill is a Won- select breeding stock, collective buying anism which is well supplied with
Board to purchase books for	the	Ele	derful Invention, but it being the	with the saving of costs derived there-	powerful muscles. When an earth-
inentary Schools, providing the School	first invented of its Kind, no Wonder	from, etc.	worm wishes to grasp any small ob-
Board give a grant in excess of that if it be intricate, as indeed it is, and Our Club has «hipped from our yards ject such as a blade of grass, it
amount	consists of	more	Wheels and	other	at Bristol during the past year : Thirty-	thrusts from its mouth an append-
Motion by Comr. Beattie	that a	grant	Parts than	there	is really any	Need	four head of cattle ;	132 sheep and	age which corresponds roughly to
of $95 50 be given	for this	purpose to	of. This I	was very sensible	of all	lambs ; «22 calves and 797 hogs, 236	the tongue of a human being. This
make an amount	of $26.50 for	each	along, but	knew	not how to	mend	of ibe latter being select bacon, while	is used to oppose the snout of the
hi J •	R- Therefore I applied myself to	with 320 graded bacons this means in	worm just as one presses his thumb
Motion by Comr Glenn,	that	the	the Reverend Mr. Clap, President	premium# (Packers and Government)	against his index finger, enabling it
of Yale College, and desired him	attained just $573.00 which should fur-	to grasp firmly any slender object.
for the regard he had for the Pub-	nish food for thought to those raisers of	By use of this apparatus the earth-
lick and to me that he would apply	fa ,ge who do not profit thereby
$6 501	his mathematical learning and
Mechanical Genius in that Affair;
THE EQUITY
H. I. Smith,
Sec.-Treas
We Recommend
SHAW VILLE. FEB. 2.1939
Youth Problems of To day
$1.80 Nr 1M lbs.
$2.00 " " "
Monarch 18 per cent. Dairy Ration
24	“	•**
11
$2.15 $1.75 $1.16;' Ration $1.80 "
32
Big 4 Dairy Feed Milkmnker 18 per cent. Dairy Feed
t «
24
Monarch 42 per cent. Hog Supplement $3.00
$2.15 < $1.90 "
Pig Starter . Hog Grower
ou a condition of
• MM
*.*#«**«
These Feeds are all made by The Maple Leaf Milling Company on the open formula basis. The kind and amount of each ingredient is printed on every bag. You can see and know exactly what you are paying for.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.. RECU
1
as a Sign of Mourning
The Egyptians, * a clean-shaven people, grew beards as a sign of mourning; and the man who couldn't grow a beard wore a false one, states a writer in Pearson’s London Weekly.
During the Fourteenth century bearded faces became so fashionable in Spain that many men bought sets of false beards—of various
X
GARAGE
$250.00 towards the cost of printing and distributing a tourist guide. No doubt the Couuty Council of Pontiac will vote a like amount,
Furnishings, Novelties iTm'vvl IwLwu'Ottawa' wilf aisw'b" shapes and c?'°.rs~t0 .be wo.rn t0
match their clothes and moods.
Tulip Tree Useful for
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile,
>e * 6i U L%' -	- 11 i&" ' >. Q-j r tvy* ¦*> ’ ’ tj
Sales «¦— Service
X
Louis I, emperor of Bavaria, had a mattress stuffed with the beards
The intention of the committee is to
PREVENT DAMAGE
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONS It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
fins
The use of the beard to solemnize important pledges has occurred frequently in history. Three hairs from a king's beard, tucked into sealing wax, were supposed to confer finality to a document. Likewise, a beard was considered security for any promise, and money was raised and contracts were bound
v
Earthworms Are Fond of
Bristol School Board
J. Li. HODGIN8
Jan. 21st, 1939
Bristol School Commissioners met on the above date. Present, Chairman Woods and a fnll Board of Commission
Phone 64 J.
of 5 feet
CCS
yi>Viziziz:z:yviy v w z z.z ziy z/zz y z z
Wheat Drill a Product
ers
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Director» of Punirai Service
Shawville, Que.
school
Phone 80
following bills be approved and paid : John Caldwell, 2 cds. light wood $ 5 00 David Grant, 10 cords wood to
C. Beattie, 13 cds wood to No. 7 29 25 F. McKee, 12cds wood to No. 10 30 00 E/ M. Findlay, repairs to schools 41 50 W m. Chisnell, serving warrants 21 40 J. N. Russell, labour at No. 1..
H. Sharpe, labour at No. 10....
John Miller, work and supplies
to No. 5 ..................
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co..
Leslie Dale, supplies...........
Thomas Telford, work and supplies to No. 4..................
Beattie, work and supplies
to No. 8	..............
The Equity, publishing minutes
¦¦¦P	¦	¦	¦	worm is enabled to draw leaves
In conclusion we respectfully solicit I or other objects into its burrows, your patronage during the present year Fresh leaves are frequently taken in-which he did to so good l urpose	And promise	in return the same fair	|to the burrow,	and the worm then
that this new modeled Drill can	treatment to	all. Your interests are	j moistens the	innermost ends of
be made for the fourth part of what	I oar interests.	Let us get together for	| them with a	secretion from its
Mr. Tull's will cost.”
k
Cedar Poles Wanted

.	.	—	, The United States coast and geo- | For Cedar Poles neeled and deliver-
mutual benefit in collective marketing mouth, which startâ fermentation I detie survey says that the absence Jed to the aide of the mad where thev hs well as in collective buying. All and soon renders the leaves suffi- of rotation and revolution, of the Cao be reached bv	wl*ii
roads	leid	down the	hill	into	Bristol,	ciently tender to enable it to tPsr	earth would so change the whole I the following nrices •	fll
follow	the	lines of least	resistance	and	off fragments for its food.	system of tides, currents, rivers and,	8 1
ship through the #	£ Earthworms crawl by means of in fact, the general configuration of
Bristol Farmers’ Club |alternate contraction and expansion the earth’s surface, that conditions
of the muscular rings forming their	would be unimaginably different,
bodies. In these movements they	A* to the possibility of the sudden
are helped by rows-of very short,	cessation of revolution, the late Ca-
¦	¦	mille Flammarion, the noted
French astronomer, said: “Were the
&
9 25
6 00
The Name Hermine
The name Hermine, Herminie or Herminia is of uncertain origin; or rather, it may have two origins, its meaning depending upon.
is chosen. It may be the feminine j Births and Marriages
»”*«.«» HJR..„.„g„d..
* MËMMieB»
md attended the sick. The Greek g43 in 1937 and marriages increased how and when the eggs hatch, but ™ense conflation would devour M I «
Hermlone, daughter of Menelaus l0 4i,tSI from 40,3» while deaths de- young grow into adults in about «c world. gJgg gggl	1	nnawvuie, igae.
and Helen, was extremely beautiful ciine(j ^ 51686 from 53,547.	| three months.	1
9 63
2 46
Length
Top
Price
2 20
30 feet
6 inch
•Î.S6
6 85
30 “
7 "
2.75
Wm
35 44 35 14 40 41 45 44
6 44
300
12 95
7 “
400
7 44
6.00
17 00
etc
7 44
8.50
, '
James Marks, cleaning No. 6 ...
W A HoJgins Store, supplies J. R Prendergaat, supplies
Motion by Comr Graham, that the teacher of No. 4 School be notified to forbid all children from playing in the * Wood shed and also that the School Board will not be held responsible for aey accidents that may occur as a result of above instructions being disobeyed. On motion of Comr. Stewart, the
5 00

L.
1 16
3 60
;


i

m"-'
h.










a
###PAGE###5###

The Equity
PUhsd Slick Rafts
Most of us are familiar with that phenomenon, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon. Less famous, but still spectacular, are the Floating Gardens of Mexico City.
According to an article in Horticulture, a tribe of Indians attempted to establish themselves on land already occupied. This happened many decades before the Spaniards came to Mexico. The ancient band, unable to settle among the unfriendly natives, decided to make their home on a neighboring island.
To accommodate their growing people, they constructed other islands that floated about on the lake. The “floating islands’' were made on plaited rafts of sticks and vines. The interlacing twigs formed a mat, which they covered with a layer of earth. Thus, their home became a green, growing craft which could be moved about at will with the aid of poles.
The new settlers planted their
Any of our customers who are contemplating BI !rees and ?r°p* and built UP a civ1-
It twill ha D lization of their own. As time 9 il win uo n pagse(jf the tree roots on the moving
OUT 8tOCK fi | islands stretched down and anchored
themselves.
The islands are stationary. They are alive with colorful flowers and green plantings. Tall trees make a striking silhouette against the sky. Mexicans row to the islands to gather brilliant blossoms, later to sell them to inland visitors. Although the islands are fixed, they are known by the title of Chinampas or Floating islands.
¦•tablUh.4 ISM
rVIUMID trill THVBBOAT AT SHAWVILLK, QUEBEC
r
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY ie in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hedging Co. Limited
«150

2.00
February.
Furniture Sale

Alt arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
w. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes,
Invoices,
Billheads
During the month of February we are having a special sale of Simmons high class Beds, Mattresses and Springs.
Jv/v/
!

Stateme nts,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags

Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
shàwvillb, qus
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
buying new bedding for Spring to their advantage to examine and compare prices.
Simmon’s Bed Outfit.
Mattresses ....
Springs .....
Special Eclipse Mattress
Simmon’s Mattresses are known the world over and recognized as being the finest quality obtainable in their various price brackets.
Such names as “Beautyrest", “Ostermoor” and “ÏDeepsleep" are by words with Canadian housewives, where the best is requested in bedding equipment.
Special February Sale of Chesterfield Suites, Studio Ensembles, Sliding Couches, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Vanitys, End Tables, Writing Desks, Telephone Sets, Living Room Chairs, etc.
i
$15.45 and up
6.50	“ “
5.50	“ “
u
64
5.50
General Repairs
The Seme
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
Reliable Service
Strip Mining of Coal Is
Common in Some Sections
Strip mining is a method of coal mining that is employed extensively in so,me parts of the country. It derives its name from the manner in which the lop soil is stripped off the surface to permit excavation of coal. This method of getting coal out of the ground is used when the coal vein is dose to the surface of the earth. Under such conditions, states a writer in the Chicago Tribune, it is more economical than to drive a shaft into the ground and tunnel for coal as is done in most mining operations/
Technological improvements 4 in the equipment used in strip, mining have given the industry new life in recent years. Highly mechanized operations permit the removal of the top soil at relatively small cost, after which the coal is excavated and loaded into surface , cars or trucks for removal to the washing and preparation plant.
The principal equipment used is an excavating machine for stripping the soil off the coal and a smaller excavator for loading the coal. The cost of the equipment is relatively high but labor costs are small in proportion.
With the proper equipment it is profitable to go down 50 feet for a layer of coal five feet in depth. More top soil may be economically re moved when a richer vein is tapped
Look Here
Beattie’s Eye Service
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
o
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
™ eg-S s&ssZ
Shawville. Phone,
26 2.
$2.75
Fancy Walnut Footstools 44	“ End Tables
M3E5
3.95
4.00
will
««
41
14
44
4.85
14 End Table and Book Rack 44 Extra Special End Tables
5.50
B. a No. l.ShawYille.
and one coining two yen^o Holstein».
Scientific Eye Examinations
New 1939 Wall Paper
IMS
Clement, Montreal.
Specialists on all Visual and Musc.iar
Eye Defects
The newest désignés of today—Priced from 20 cts. per double roll and up
St
T. T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
Cold Seal Congoleum Rug
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS,
Professional Optometrist.
Fur Pelts Wanted
$4.50
6x9
5.65
74x9
4 6
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market tor all kinds of seasonable fur pelts and assure highest market prices.
NOTRIS R. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer* Shasville, Que.
6.70
9x9
• 6
6 «
7.90
9x104
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
8.95
9x12
6 4
Names of the Months
The names of the months are Roman irt origin. January is named for Janus, the two-faced god, who stood at the beginning of things, looking back over the old year and ahead to the new; February, from Febru,” to purify, for the Roman feast of Purification, held on the fifteenth of the month; March, from Mars, the god of war; April, from "Aperin," to open, signifying the opening of the buds; May, for Maia the mother of Mercury, to whom the pagans offered sacrifice on the fii ft day of that month; June, for Juno considered queen of Olympus and protectress of women; July, in honor of Julius Caerar, who was bom in this month; August, named by Augustus Caesar in his own honor;. September, from “septum,*' mean ing seven, as seventh month in the old Roman year which began in
October, from “octo,"
decern,“
Seasonable Grocery Items
Fresh Haddock, per pound Fresh Herrings,
Fresh Salmon,
Fresh Strip Cod,	—
Fresh or Smoked Fillets, per pound 15c Salt Herring 35sts per doz. or 3 doz. for $J.OO Lassies (old time dark syrnp) per pound 9c Delight Flour, 98 pound sack,
Ivory Flour
9c
FOR SALE
4 •
4 6
in Marble and Granite
9e
%
# #
4 •
• #
• e
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Yarn, made frem pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good
wool.
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Sh**ville, Que.
15c
6 4
* 4
4 #
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
15c
4 6
4 4
$ 6
• 4
Phone, 278
$2.15
é 6
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$2.35
$ 4
4 4
6 à
Farm For Sale
Part Lot 4, Range 8, of the township
of Onslow. North, 100 acres, less. 70 acres cleared ; Part Lot 13, Range 8. all bush, containing AO acres. , Will be sold very reasonable for cash.
Apply to	_
HARVEY STEELE,
Quyon, Que
more or
MacLeans
eight; November, from nine; December, from
S 4
ten.
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go., Limited
Phone 10—3, Quyon
Platypus, Strange Animal ;
Lays One to Three Eggs
The duck-billed, web-footed platypus, a mammal that lays eggs, whose scientific name is Ornithor-hynchus an a t in u s Shaw, is a native j of eastern Australia and Tasmania,I 1 It lives in rivers and digs burrows
IS Halibut, choice, . . per lb.
it procures from the mud of the j* river bottoms. It is especially ; SI JSmGluS, adapted to this mode of life by the ! Dj	’
duckbill • like development of its jfl QalrnnnlphniPP mouth, and by its broadly webbed S OaiHlOIl, U11U1VÜ,
t Its burrows are from 20 to 30 feet g TuIIIDG©,	•	.
long, and have a nest chamber at j RJ the end or at the side of the tunnel, M IT q H H Apt Mates Colin C. Sanborn, curator of Rj HO»UUUUÛ.,	•	•
S5SS,r8Ut5t5 % 1 Fresh Cod Fish, steak “
from one to three eggs, which she g Qalt Cod FlSU, ulOCKS
Sf&’S.'ES SUX 52: | Fresh Herrings, .
The platypus was first described IS Qg#lt> HôIlill^S, P©F (jOZ6D from a single specimen in 1799, but H	_	. ^
it was not until more specimens j S «	*	11 LiirBA (ÏOZA11 $1 00
jvere secured that the existence of * ™	^
mch a curious mammal was fully credited.
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
•I
I
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
Where “Red Square” Got Its Name
i Contrary to general belief, the famous Russian ”Red square” did not get its name from anything relating to the red revolution or the emblem of the Communist partygEggpE called “Red square” long before Communism was thought of in Russia. The square was named in the Middlfe ages, says Pearson's Lotv don Weekly, and the Russian name for It was “Krasnya,” which is translated as “red” in English. In Russian the word means “beautiful” aa well as “red.”
FISH
Ro/ G. fraser
Flowers, Gifu, Novelties'*f
RENFREW, ONT.
Phono 160
It was
22c
i
<6
20c
<<
Box IU
The all year round tonic for both children and adults. Tones up the whole
system generally, and good tasting too.
<<
«
15c
<<
12c
<<
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
10c
n
a
vite your patronage
On
orders of #1.00 or over, phone us collect
Ra, Sum God of Egyptians The sun-god of the ancient Egyptians was Ra the principal person! Ication of the supreme being: the Pharaohs maintained they were his descendants. In Greek mythology. Helios was the sun-god, son of Hyperion and Theia. Valhalla was never an object of worship; in Norse mythology it was the hart! of the slain, the palace of immortality whither, by direction of Odin, tite souls of the slain were borne to Immortality by the va Iky ries.
10c
u

On orders of $6 00 or£fr, phone us collect and we shall prepay.

«
15c
a
10c
K
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
35c
Phon si/VfcSi between 7 i, m
Wlaln and Centre Ste • HAWVILLE, - QUE.


181
###PAGE###6###

Seventieth Annual Meeting
Royal Batik of Canada
Tanka Add Point to French Premier Daladier'# 'Manda Off!'
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Eedy





Canadian and International Economic Situation Diacnaacd by Morris W. Wilson, Présidant and Manafina Director Commends New Trade Agreements.—Points Out Fallon Economic Policies of Totalitarian States.
»!* m
CRISP COMMENT
Most rsdlo sdvertlssd foods do not tests so good to us as they
do to the knnouncer.—Brandon
Sun.	Æ •	„ ,
Neither Hitler nor Mussolini
smokes. Yet they are known to
have the occasional pipe dream.—
Kitchener Record.
THEY CANT BE BEAT
Following the best handicapper of horse races during the year with a $2 bet on each rats would have left the player $62 in the hole. No one has yet discovered who can beat the races.—SL Catharines Standard.
1
POP GOES OUR EGO: City folks and townspeople have been looking down their noses too long at the farmers of Canada. Snobbishly, they have been considering themselves a little better, a little brighter .... than the average
tiller of the soil.
Of course the farmers have been thumbing their noses back at the urbanites, but to little avail. Until now .... when the bureau of research at McGill University makes a public pronouncement that the average farmer is superior In both brains and brawn to the average city-dweller. “His intelligence is much greater” ....
Speaking at his farewell dinner In Toronto last week former Prime Minister R. R. Bennett produced evidence to show that the majority of men who are leaders In the public life of Canada come from rural, not metropolitan, areas.
So let’s come down off our high horses, urbanites!


I

I


Sydney G. Dobson, General Menage, Reviews Balance Sheet
Present Outlook Distinctly

Li

Continued Progress Shown.
Encouraging.

!



m.
country's debt conversion In 1SS1.
The average rats of Interest on Canada's outstanding debt In the name period had been cut 39%. •The best way to keep the burden of debt as light as possible," continued Mr. Wilson, "la to maintain your credit at high Binding and thereby obtain the benefit of lowest current rates. The rate at which the Dominion borrows compares most favourably with that of other first-das# nations."
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
The situation abroad remained difficult, stated Mr. Wilson, and expressed the opinion that "fats
will overtake the totalitarian countries in due course If, In their efforts to become strong, they concentrate on the military point of view and disregard the first principles of sound economics ns they are doing at present." The decline in German exporte had become acute since the September crisis.
"Data available indicate," he ¦aid, "that in 1931 total exports ware actually less than In 1932 and 1933 the nadir of the world depression and the last two years prior to the Nazi regin
"Internal business In Germany la exceedingly active and full employment has been achieved, but only at the cost of colossal deficits in the Government budget. Indeed one German authority has stated that an amount equal to 50% of lee national Income la absorbed by Government and party agencies." It was obvious, said Mr. Wilson, that no country could pursue each s policy without producing serious inflation and, unless It were reversed, he could not see "anything but a continued lowering of the standard of living In Germany. These r* marks apply with eiual force te the Italian situation "
The decline in business activity in Great Britain had been halted and business in the United States had, since May last, shown the » most rapid recovery ever reported In Its statistical annals. ^
Mr. Wilson also spoke with satisfaction of the closer co-operation and mutual understanding achieved In relations between Great Britain. France and the United States and also the countries of North and South America as evidenced at the recent Lima Conference.
•The outlook for Canadian business la again favourable and the upward trend would seem to be definitely restored," concluded Mr. Wilson. "The international situation la still obscure and further complexities may develop In foreign affairs. Barring inch an eventuality,.-I am sure we may look forward to 1939 with courage and confidence."
GENERAL MANAGER'S ADDRESS
Mr. Sydney 0. Dobson, General Manager, in reviewing the Annual Balance Sheet remarked that the bank’s total assets were now at the highest point since 1989 and total deposits had reached a new record level. Current loans Increased moderately during the year but a more active demand for commercial loans was desirable.
Taxes had, however, become an ever increasing burden for the bank, "For every dollar distributed to shareholders by way of dividends, 71c if paid out in taxes in Canada," said Mr. Dobson.
A comprehensive review of economic conditions both In Canada and abroad with particular reference to the dangers of the economic policies now being pursued In Germany and Italy, featured the address of Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director at the 70th Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of Canada.



1


£



JINGLE BELLS
mm I üm
generation grows up without hav- I rece88|on which was general during heard the music of sleigh bells | jn^ closing months of 1937 and it be time to view something other with alarm.—Kingston Whig-Standard.


the first half of 1938, had made notable progress and business In Canada had now resumed Its upward trend.
or
FRANCE’S DILEMMA: To help
or not to help Loyalist Spain Ja the dilemma that has been facing the government of France the past two years—more acutely, the past two months, since the Italian menace In the Mediterranean has become more clearly defined.
It looks as if France will go under In either case. A catastrophic picture. Should France do the honorable thing, now, by plunging in with arms and men to aid her sister government in Spain, there Is almost sure to be war. It would be the chance Italy and Germany have been waiting for, so long. But should France do the honorable thing, her former allies on the continent might come to her assistance —Russia, Poland, Rumania, etc.
If, however, France continues to ignore the plight of the Barcelona government, she will see an. Insurgent victory in Spain quickly followed by Italian and German occupation. Surrounded by Fascist states, then, on three sides, she will he trapped, her lifelines to Africa (where millions of army reserves are stationed) cut off.
Even the most pro Franco men In the French Government are beginning to realize the gravity of the situation. But which way to turn? The next few months, maybe . •weeks, will decide the fate of France.
COMPULSORY VOTING—YES?
It is a ratter sad commentary our democracy when &n organization like the Associated Boards of Trade of Manitoba feels it necessary to endorse compulsory municipal voting as a means of combating the indifferent attitude of the voters at election time.— Winnipeg Tribune.
NEGLECTING
REFORESTATION
The Ontario Government is giving away millions of plantlets every year to little economic purpose, and is leaving its own nearnorth—the natural home of the valuable pines and spruces be deforested without any adequate effort to provid for a future supply of lumber and pulp-wood. Ministries come and go; Liberals follow and are followed by Conservatives ; and both alike are incapable of undertaking any systematic and effective plan of preserving present forests and developing new ones.—Guelph Mercury.
The Seeds Act, the Fertilisers Act, the Agricultural Pests' Control Act, the Inspection and Sale Act, and the Hay and Straw Inspection Act are six Acts of Parliament which standardize the quality and régule te the sale of seeds, feeds, fertilizers, agricultural poisons, binder twins, and hay and straw in Canada. These Acta are a few of the many which are administered by the Dominion Department of Agriculture.
MINING INDUSTRY
Since the Inception of the depression In 1930. mining had consistently furnished the backlog and the most encouraging factor In Canadian industrial life. VoHime of production In many Instances exceeded In 1938 the high figures of 1937. The output of gold had again reached a new record of approximately 4.880.000 fine ounces, valued at $164,600,000. an Increase of 14% over 1937. The spectacular progress achieved In petroleum operations In the Turney Valley of Alberta was also noteworthy, stated Mr. Wilson. By the end of November, 60 crude oil wells were In production and drilling was under way at 20 others, with output during 1938 176% greater than In 1937.
Unemployment and relief wore still serious, although continued Improvement was reported.
Tourist trade returns had been most encouraging, expenditures by tourists In Canada totalling approximately $275,000,000 during 1938.
on
%
%
' #
xl
Just as a hint to Signor Mussolini who has indicated that he had ambitions in France's colonial empire, Premier Edouard Daladier paid a visit to Tunis in North Africa and took occasion to U1 andeandry that France was ready to défend her possessions. At TOP M. Daladier is delivering a "hands off" address during a banquet in a Tunis hotel. "Tunis is French. It will stay French," he declared. The parade of tanks shown BELOW wending its way through the colorful city with turbanned and burnoused desert dwellers mingling with the European sightseers was amorfg the reasons that Deladier thinks he s right
to
cows In 1937 produced 17,188,617,700 pounds of milk, an all-tifhu record; but in 1938 the production, based comparatively, will be substantially higher.
The increase in consumption ef raw milk, ice cream and condensed milks affect the butter and cheese production, but the butter production will be 20,000,000 lbs. over 1937, while the cheese production will be around 12,000,000 pounds less. It tak:i approximately twice as much milk to produce a pound of butter as a pound of cheese.
PUCK
CHASERS
NEW TRADE AGREEMENTS
Mr. Wilson commended highly the new trade agreements betw Canada and the United States and between the United States and Great Britain. "These,” he maid, "mark the greatest departure from the policies of trade restriction and national self-sufficiency since the war and cannot fall to further the common outlook and cordiality existing between the British and American peoples. It la striking that the agreements, covering an enormous volume of trade and embodying hundreds of reductions of duties and lessened restrictions, include not a single Increase. At the present time no detailed analysis of the
Bv Fred Neher I effect of the agreements on spécifié y	¦ Industries Is feasible but there cam
be no doubt that they will bring about an important expansion In trade."
NEWS OF OH. DOINGS
Leo Relse has resigned as coach of the Brantford Seniors. x The departure of the likeable veteran Is regretted on all sides. Leo did his best but there Just wasn't the material available to produce a winner In the Telephone City. The old saying, "A coach Is only as good as his players," has come to life again. In the meantime Manager Pennell, who handled the team last season, has taken over the bench duties.
WIDE-OPEN SECRET: No wonder it took so long to catch the thieves, thugs, robbeiY, murderers who have been subjecting the fair city of Toronto to an unprecedented crime wave during the month of January. Reason is that all radio Instructions sent out to police cars In pursuit of the criminals can be listened to, by anybody, everybody, including the hunted ones, themselves. Under such circumstances a getaway Isn’t so difficult to make.
Reports from Banff National Park In Alberta Indicate that wild life la plentiful with an increase la partridge and grouse.
Port Colborne Sailors have decided to take the Eastern Hockey League tour after all. They leave this week. The game Niagara Falls at Goodyear# for Jan. 27 listed last week as cancelled will be played as scheduled.
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
0
5
Referring to the subject of "interest rates," Mr. Wilson remarked, "I believe it often true that If the relationship exists long enough, the debtor comes to hate hla creditor. By the same token, I suppose he begins to question tbs morality of interest once the payment s a burden. If you believe la the principle of private property yee must believe In the legitimacy of interest. If it Is proper for a person as a result of thrift to acquire, may a small property, there are few. If any, who would suggest that this property should be available for use by others without some eo pensation. Therefore, If compenser lion for the use of property be legitimate, why should compensation for Its equivalent, the cost expressed In terms of money, be less so?"
INTEREST RATES
"You frequently hear it asserted that the burden of Interest has become intolerable and that relief can only be brought about by drastic measures. A forced conversion of public debt Is sometimes urged, accompanied by reference to the action of Australia In 1931." Co menting on this point of view, Mr. Wilson said that the average rate on the outstanding Australian debt had been cut by 26% since that
Dave Neville, veteran centre and right-winger, made a comeback with Goodyears In Port Colborne last week. He played on the Canadian Olympic team of 1936. He has played Senior hockey In Hamilton and Montreal. At present Neville Is working for his bank In a Toronto branch.
THE WEEK’S QUESTION: How Is Germany planning to make money out of Its persecution ^of the Jews? Answer:	Germany would
marge Into one central fund the proceeds of all German Jewish capital and property (providing the Reich with plenty of ready cash). When the amount of this is established, an International loan should be raised In the United States, Great Britain, Holland and other countries sympathizing with the plight of the German Jews. Jews leaving Germany would be granted certificates enabling them to draw on the international loan for the equivalent of part of their capital. But—Germany's repayment of the Interest and principal of the loan (ah!) would be dependent upon an increase in Germany's exports. Part of the money received from the increase In exports would be devoted to service of the loan. Part, and perhaps, the greater part, would be used In purchasing Germany’s needed rearmament raw materials.

I
#
C3
I
Ci
a


p

l
v
•••
Gooney McGowan got Into his first shuffle for many seasons when high sticks with Bobby Laurent of Goodyears was ths order over In Port Colborne. It was a harmless "brush”, yet both were given major penalties. .

s
A
G
Answering the. criticism sometimes voiced, that banks are investing too large a portion of their funds in Government bonds and too little in assisting business enterprises, Mr. Dobson said, "we cannot compel unwilling borrowers to use our surplus funds If, for various reasons, they are not prepared to expand their business. It would be a strange type of banker who would prefer the small return from Government bonds to the remunerative commercial
Niagara Falls are the team ot watch. Coach Mickey Roach has the boys playing his renowned defensive style. Goalie Johnny Mowers is rated by critics as being a ' real find.
(5
y
GD
4


t
Output Of Milk Hits New Record
r
more
rate.” Mr. Dobson also pointed out that control of “credit” Is not within the power of the Chartered Banks but is a prerogative of the Bank of Canada, which alone decides whether a policy of “easy” or "tight” money Is to be pursued.
The Canadian Government has given one pair of buffalo and one pair of elk to the Wellington Zoological Park in New Zealand.
Nineteen-thirty-eight was a record for milk production. It has been estimated that the 3,873,800
nwiNftPO	I ¦
“Pd use a hoe here if 1 were you!”
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
The attention of the shareholder* warn also drawn to the educational publicity conducted by the banks through the newspapers last year. "It Is hoped these articles will help to clarify In the public mind what banks can do and what they are not permitted to do, and at the same time emphasise how necessary a safe and sane banking policy Is to the welfare of the country.”
m e


See
VJ
t
r
%
>

•.
\



V
t
X
r


'. *
*
I
m •


V|.
d
>
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Canada had escaped the more effects of the recession la as which first appeared la
serious
the United States about eighteen months ago. concluded Mr. Dobson. Conditions In Canada had remained comparatively stable and results achieved In 1938 could be regarded as reasonably satisfactory, present outlook Includes a number of factors wh-ch are distinctly encouraging.” he said, "mad I look forward to the future with con-flden ms I believe few countries have ns Premising a future SI hSS
f


?
"go you did. and perhaps you fooled yourself." retorted the alligator. “Go up the mountain. If you dare and find out what the First and Foremost will do to you.” T will," declared Ouph. boldly, and on he went up the path. At first the scene was wild enough. but gradually it grew more %nd more awful In appearance. All the rocks had shapes of frightful beings. Suddenly there • vv--v "d before the gnome a man with the head of an owL
"Ah! Who Is that coming down 1	un tain r asked the gnome,
gasleg upward. The alligator, suspecting nothing, turned and looked over Its shoulder and at once :uph to the bridge and leaped ever the sentinel1* back before It could :ur* back again. The «cariai monster made a snap at ti e gn^me foot, but ml seed It by fully in Mr|%* "Ah. BaT laughed the General, wh<>
fely on the mountain fooled you that time."
the alligator, together. The ¦	you likely
longr he asked. A sere er so." said
sgag^sTi.
When Guph stumbled over : be rocks In approaching the bridge the creature opened Its eyes, fréta which
fiHiriM *hot In mu directions.
th

”The
tin
:r
the
after looking very wickedly the oloeed Its eyelids f»uph saw there was
nibbed the
Ü wh.thîrr
ran
left
him to

rvw ui IU|«, Be he	l
Kr
tly
Path. "1
" re-
our own


'jam










###PAGE###7###
2






¦RPRPSI


IMS

n
K


“Advertising Pays”
cows would often reveal the source of trouble in ailing cattle.
Dental care of domestic animals is fast becoming a major branch of veterinary practice, Dr. Wood said.
Canada Ce lied Logical Target
Would Be Fini Place of Attack In War on Empire, R. C A. Officer Declares.
’Twill Bring the King and Queen To Canada
eARD
i
fm
' Editor L. F./ Wade, of Jay ton, Texas, knows what he is talking about when ho argues that It pays to advertise in his Jayton Chronicle. His last issue carried this full page advertisement sponsored by locsl flrmr "Wanted —A good soaking general rain that will cover Kenty county.” Soon after the paper hR the street It started to rain. It didn't stop until 1 % inches had been recorded.













m







m







Lindsay Council Bans Jitterbugs
H
*.

V*«
V-

:r"
:'i< Canada Is the "logical" place of first attack by a nation making war on the British Empire, Major P. A. Todd f of Ottawa, Officer ' ' Commanding the 61st AM Battery of the Royal Canadian Artillery, declared in an address at Ottawa last week.
If any European country tried to force its will on England, the first thing it would do would he to cut off her supplies and Canada, as a main source of supply, would be a logical point of attack, declared Major Todd, who said he was speaking as* a private individual and not as a military representative.
Nowadays war was no: declared and there was nothing to prevent an enemy nation from sending a number of ships oi. a “goodwill” visit to Canadian water, so that they would be “within our own borders" when that nation decided to strike.
An airplane carrier has fifty planes and “these planes could attack the centres of Canadian Industry in three hours and would not us time to get assistance from the United States or England,” he said. The most that could be expected of anti-aircraft defense was that bombers could bo brought down after they had done their work.



m
WW




w




SISTERS UNDER THE SKIN The baaay sad the lamb are shorn

¦

Lindsay (Ont.) Municipal Council has taken steps to prevent recurrent infestations of the Town Hall by jitterbugs.
The council ruled that henceforth the hall's second floor may not be rented for swinf-dancing parties.
Police Chief L. Lawlor complained that when the jitterbug got "in the groove," the lamps in his ground-floor office were shattered, the walls shook and the ceiling trembled.



•OK .
k.-


¦

I
J
A . i oombed and dyed, so, when
Ay


*
<1
they're worn
By fashionables, they will feel
Dairy Cattle Need Fillings In Teeth



. *



" ,1

?
The thunk le dyed to simulate mm marten whose majestic fats It is to masquerade as mink,
And se It goes, although I think. The little creatures might prefer To stay exactly as they were.


x;«e
KiJ
Dairy cattle need dental care as much as humans, Dr. S. N. Weed, ef the department of animal husbandry of the University of British Columbia, said last week.
He told farmers of the Fraser River town of Ladner that attention to the teeth of their dairy
¦

'#



-f-1



tes



“I'm quits fed up with this place," said one convict to another. Muet because 1 hit the


M J




W)

^ t

warder with # ehoVel the gov-
vs
>
truer went let me attend choir practice.”
u
».
sp
s


ROLL Y-OUR OWN BELTER CIGARETTES
<
%


"You look very downcast."
‘‘Yee, my wife hae been away
m >
m
5

9 »
:
-
m
1er six weeks and I wrote her «?-

try week and said 1 spent the even-
unttr

lags at home."


5*1 r
/
“Wtur
“She la back bow and the light kill hat coma la—It's for 60c!"



- ¦
/
/
-v


“What did you give your baby for his first birthday?" asked Mrs. Richards, f -“We opened his money-box,* replied her friend, “and gave him e lovely electric Iron."


/
Here is the battle cruiser H.M.S, Repulse in dry dock at Portsmouth undergoing extensive alterations and renovations in preparation for the May sailing which will bring the King and Queen across the Atlantic for their visit to Canada and the United States. The "admiral's quarters"
being elaborately redecorated to form the
/
E^TRA
in the stern of the vessel are royal suite.
#
4.
Explorer Finds New Territory
Lincoln Ellsworth Comes Upon 80,000 Square Miles of Lend In Antarctic Never Before Seen By Human Eye.
ILD
t
i
"Are these the largest oranges you have?" asked Mrs. Brown of the fruit store proprietor.
' Oh, ao, ma'am,” was the reply, "those are only the large* sise. We also have the larger, mammoth, glaat, Jumbo, colossal, and supercolossal sises!"
X

X
Smallest Baby
Born Canadian
How Can I?
Ii
Dr. J. S. Monro of North Sydney, N.S., writing in the current Issue of the Canadian Medical Journal, says the smallest baby born that lived is alive and well in a country district near North Sydney.
Dr. Monro said the smallest infant to survive previously recorded weighed 21.16 ounces at birth. He said the North Sydney baby, identified only as ‘Baby MCG”, weighed only 14 ounces a day after it was bom June 6, 1987.
28-year-old mother's third, was two months premature.
*
Classified Advertising
reunlorjp* of eld friends and, aa a bit of fun, the guests were each asked to bring something to the feeet.
The Englishmen brought a bottle of whleky—the Irishmen a tin of biscuits — and the Scotsman hi# brother!
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Lincoln Ellsworth, leader of a fourth Antarctic expedition, said in a dispatch from the motor ship Wyart Earp to the North American Newspaper Alliance that “80,000 squares of country never seen before by human eye has been added today to the known area of the world's surface."
Ellsworth said he had claimed the area for the United States.
He told how he flew south from the fringe of the Antarctic to a point “from where I could see to Lat 74:30 S. from my position oa Long. 79 E. and I could see at least 160 miles on each side of the plane.”
He said that “although snow-covered today, the area I saw in my flight of discovery might in some years hence become snow-free and disclose rich mineral deposits for, on the coast, exposed surfaces show much evidence of mineralization.”
Two Canadians are aviators for the Ellsworth expedition. They the L. H. Lymbumer and T. R. Treviee.
I'FHSWMAL
BAllV CHICKS
Q. How can I preserve cut lem-
ons?
QUIT TOBACCO. HNUFP. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home Remedy. Testimonial*. Ousrmnfeed. Advice Free. Bartlett's. Box I. Winnipeg.
SAVE MONEY ON TOUR 18SI Government Approved Chicks. Leghorns Sr, Barred Rocks. White Rocks. New Hampshire Rede SWc up. Write for complete price list of pullets, cockerels end mixed
Electric Chick
A. Smear the cut surface with either the yolk or the white of an egg then set It aside to dry.
Q. How can I remedy curtains that have shrunk In washing and are too short for the windows?
A. Let out the heme and make smaller ones.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE romantic sweetheart, with money, write: Mery l^ee. 445-0. Roll». Missouri.
chicks. Bsden Hatchery. Limited. Baden. ObL
More Feed Mills
SPEND THREE CENTS AND ORder your chicks by mall and
lesion. We sell
MORTGAGE Ilf VESTMENTS
• The official report on the location and capacity of flour and feed mills in Canada in 1938 covers a list ef 401 flour mills (with a total 24-hour capacity of 102,992 barrels) and 943 feed mills.
this industry. Thirty-five per cent of the flour mills, 69 per. cent of the feed mills, and 47 per cent of the flour milling capacity are located in Ontario. Quebec ranks second as far a* number of flour and feed mills is concerned, but In flour milling capacity Saskatchewan is second to Ontario, followed by Quebec, Alberta and Manitoba. The Maritime Provinces and British Colombia have a small flour milling caducity.	J, ,
Lambeth shopkeepers in London are protesting against "grocery casinos” where women gamble for tea, sugar and other provisions.
V#
Then sew, cotton fringe on them. This is not expensive, and the curtains will have a more attractive appearance.
Q. How can I make bread crumbs easily and quickly? |
A. Cut the '•oft part from a stale loaf of bread, and place it In a clean cloth bag; tie the bag at the mouth, and rub it gently between the hands for a few minutes.
Q. How can I clean the tile hearth?
LOAN TOUR SURPLUS FUNDS ON Guaranteed First Mortgagee on Improved city homes at I end 7 per cent Interest. Write us for full details. Mortgages purchased. Established 20 yeers. A M Greenaway A Co.. Ill longe Street. Toronto.
the Agent's Co direct and have no agents or salesmen. Drown Leghorns. White Leghorns $10.10 per hundred up. Barred Rocks. White Rocks, New Hampshire Reds, Hybrids $11.00 up. Rend for l$!8 catalogue and complete price list of all grades. Day old chicks, pullets and cock-
Chtck Hatcheries
leading province in
!
I’ATKNI»
Modern
Etiquette
erels. Tweddle Limited. Fergus, Ontario
AN OFFER To EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full Information sent free The Ramstty Company. Registered Patent Attorneys. $7* Rank Ht. Ottawa. Van.
BUT BRAY CHICKS NOW—HAVE more big eggs te sell n«*t Fall when prices are highest. Write for free catalogue today. Bray Hatchery. 110 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
BY ROÜERTA LEE
PHOTOGRAPHY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and I high gloss prints 26c. Reprints same $ enlarged prints 15c. htling Studio, Toronto. _
L When an Invitation has been extended over the phone, is it all right for a wife to say: “May I ask John If he hss any other plans for Tuesday evening, and then call you back?"
Î. Would it be all right, when Introducing two persons, to say: “Mr. Smith, let me make you acquainted with Mr. Brown"?
S. Is it proper when eating to stack two or three dishes, In order to make more room on the table?
4 When dining in a' friend's home, should a guest take a helping of each dish, the first time it is offered?
S. What are the hours for formal calling?
I. Is It good usage to may in a letter, “Thanking you in advance for this, etc.?"
A Probably nothing will clean the tile hearth any better than a cloth dipped In turpentine.
Q. How can I wash a suede Jack-
BRAY DAY-OLD CHICKS IN FOUR-tesn pure breeds, also cross breds, available now. Prompt delivery. Order your Bray chicks today. Bray Hatchery, ISO John SL North, Hamilton. Ontario.
price. Brl
itmiRK
at?
ARB YOU RUPTURED? Relief. Comfort. Positive Support with our advanced method. No elastic or understraps or steel. Write. Smith Manufacturing Co.. Dept. 219. Preston, Ontario.____
A Wash in warm water and pure •cap suds, to which has been added about one tablespoonful of household ammonia to a gallon of water. Rinse and stretch to the desired else to dry.
A. How can I rid my house of centipedes?
A. It Is better to allow the house ntipedes to go on their way, as they are really helpful They feed OB roaches, spiders, and other
pests.
Fl'HS
Four-In-One Egg
SHIP YOUR FURS TO THE OLD __tabltehed house. Over forty wears In business. Lewis A. Jones, lit Talbot St.. St. Thomas.	»
A millionaire’s breakfast—a 7% os. 4-yolked egg—has been laid by s young White Leghorn at an Aberfbyle, Scotland, poultry farm.
It is believed to constitute • world record. The previous best in hens' eggs, it is stated, was one in the region of 6 % ozs. with only two yolks.
The hen, bred and owned by Mr. C. C. Mann, of Renagour Poultry Farm, Aberfoyle, la m regular layer of standard 2-os.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIR*
HAIR GOODS
SEND 1JH YOtJR TRACTOR MAGNEto and Generator Repairs. We save you money. Aiunmnn Armature lianfr.. S6S Rsy Si., Toronto.
for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terme arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. 52* Bathurst. Toronto.	________________
TRANSFORMA-
ROOMING
What Science * Is Doing *
OWNER'S HOME. 12 ROOMS. ALL rented. Income $l#4.$v rent, 150.00 monthly. Sell $1,20( 00, 67 Yong% St., Office 530.	_________
FOR SALK
Breed Meetings Programs Ready
nbw fabm tbam
New heavy ho surcingle attached $3: new single buggy harness $1$: used buggy harness $15; used single waggon harness $12. less collars; top bur-130: cutter 330: waggon wheels each; city milk waggons $11. lbert. 295 College St.. Toronto.
STOP THAT ITCH
PRURITUS. ITCHING OF ANUS, rectum, etc. My treatment has proved successful Inexpensive. Particulars, W. Lucas. 325 Panels gh Ave., Vancouver. B.C.
ANSWERS
L Yes; this Is really the only thing one can do to avoid embar-hassoient, In case John cannot accept the invitation. 2. One should avoid the phrase, “lot me make you acquainted with." Merely, may, “Mr. Smith, this is Mr. Brown." 3. No; one should not do this. 4. It is the most gracious thing to do, even if one la not partial to some particular dish. 6. Between three-thirty and four-thirty, except when calling on a woman who announces a day at home during other hours.
C. No. This phrase Implies one’s effort to force compliance.
STEAM POWER FOR PLANES Glenn W. Watson, of Detroit, whose radio typewriter is used on modern battleships throughout the world, claims he has invented a steam power unit that would drive airplanes across the country on a quart of water.
The device he terms a "cold coil" generator "résulta in instantaneous transformation of water Into steam.” By condensing the steam and using it over and over, he hopes to operate e>ei. airplane engines without a boiler.
i
Toronto To Be Mecca Of Ontario Lire Stock, Horae,
WHEN IN TORONTO, SEE
HERMAN’S FACTORY SALE
WF.tTF.H* PANADA
Sheep And Swine Breeders
HIGH BLOOD PHRHI RR
IMPROVED EQUIPPED SECTION Farm In Central Eastern Alberts park area, railway tillage one mile, beat abundant water, clear title, elf caah large dlacount; no agent#: retiring. Box 14. Amlak. Alberta.
Week of February Sixth.
HIGH BUHID PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding ottr amaslngly euç-eeesful hyhlood treatment Pedigreed Products, Raakatoon. Saak
Toronto will be the Mecca of live stock, sheep, horse and swine breeders the week of Feb. 6th when organisations representing various breeds will hold their annual meet? Ings at Toronto hotels. Special speakers have been secured to talk on subjects close to the hearts of
of
Fur Coats
g#


Average Savings of 1/3 to 1/2 of regular prices
E HERMAN A CO. Ltd.
700 BAY ST. TORONTO
The Ontario Large Yorkshire Club, The Ontario Berkshire Club and Ontario Tamworth Club are all meeting at the Carls Rite hotel on the afternoon of Monday, Feb. 6th, with the annual dinner of the Ont. Swine Breeders' Assn, at 6 p.m.
Hon. P. M. De wan. Ont Minister of Agriculture, will address the annual dinner of the Ont. Sheep Breeders’ Assn, cn Wednesday evening, Feb. 8th. At the annual meeting following the dinner, J. A Tel ter will report on Grading of Rama In Ontario for 1938. Homer J. May-bee will discuss “experimental cargrading of lambs ’ and 0. E. O’Brien. Manager of the Canadian Co-operative Wool Growers’ Assn, will talk on “Wool marketing in 1838 and prospects for 1939 ".
I ¦ I I I
I ¦ I
FOR STORING BLOOD
À dehydrating machine which will permit the safe storage of huge quantities of powdered blood for transfusions is being experimented with.
Chief problem of "canned" or storage blood for emergency injection into patients' veins has been tie preservation. Costly refrigeration and elaborate technique is involved.
But this new machine dries the Wood and preserves it for instant when mixed with distilled
GOING TO TOWN?
i
c
CHEST COLDS
Here's Quid Refit! frm

4
t
Torofit#
Iheir DISTRESS*

3 Star Weekly.
sV
Rub soothing, warming Musterole well into your chest and throat Musterole is NOT just a salve. It’s NggMgNgMNNcontaining


mustard, and other valuable ingredi-enta, in a dean white ointment That's why it gets such fine résulta h-better than the old-fashioned
Musterole
TIRED FEET
of
ter.


5» ife
tard plaster, stimulates, wi ful In quickly relieving local lion and pain. Deed by mi Recommended by Made in
MACHINE CREATES HUMAN
VOICE
A machine that speaks, forming Ra own wards in imitation of hu-tones, was shown to scientists at the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia last weak.
Its name la the Voder and it la the first machina In tha world ta
Heal Régulai
which
ton and
ni
pitching
; fTONTWI kAMkwêe .

t
N
t
M

m
i

ta
talk.
hies an ovar-
ies
carttssasisG
BBS®1»
)
T
la
<">. or
|Mue No. 4 — 39




mm



###PAGE###8###


Service Announcement
SHAWVILLB UNITED Chduch Rev. A. P. Pokes B. A., B.D. PAitor
Sunday, February 5
11.00 a m., Service at Shawville
1.30	p m., Service at Zion 3.00 p.m.t Service at Stark’s Corners.
14 Merrily we roll along ”
A study of the question : 44a Christian society like Nero of old, just fiddling, while the world is in flames f’ A serious heart-searching discussion of the world today and its problems,
7.30	p.m , Service at Shawvilit
Monthly picture service, “Hero Tales of Early Israel” illustrated with 60
colot ctl slides
NOTICE
January Savings in Heavy (Slothing
Those indebted to Clarendon Farmers’ Club should arrange to provide for settlement previous to Feb. lltb, 1939, otherwise measures will be undertaken to make the collections.
Hurst Hopoins,
President
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Claude Elliott, Sec-Treae
Students Overcoats fully lined and interlined in heavy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at..................................
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirts, "Deacon make", in navy scarlet and wine, sizes 14 1-2 to 17 1-2.............................
Bob Morris Winter Caps, heavy cloth, some with ear bands...
Horsehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb..
Woollen Work Socks
i
In Memoriam
Maple Syrup Equipment
$9.50
Smiley-—In loving memory of Mrs. A R. Smiley, who died Feb’y 1st, 1934.
Nothing can ever take away The love the heart holds dear ; Fond memories linger every day Remembrance keeps her near.
Husband and Family
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG SALES, B, D
$1.25
so
Sunday, February 6
St. Andrew’s Service at 10 30 "	“ Rund ty Sehool 1130
¦¦ Service at 8 30
Service at 7.30
The Indeterminate Sentence
The theory of the indeterminate sentence is that it is the prisoner, rather than the crime, that is being tried and sentenced, and every person convicted is permitted and required to work out his own salvation by demonstrating his fitness for release. It is based on the individual's traits and tendencies and on the promise that he apparently has or develops toward adjusting to normal environment and return to society. Where a state has such an indeterminate sentence law, it is the law itself that provides for these minimum and maximum sentences. While many prisoners are paroled at the expiration of the minimum sentence, many others are paroled only after serving the recommended maximum.
$1.00
Austin Knox
“A man who chose a difficult trail.*
••••••
e
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
65 cts.
Parish or North Clarendon Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. G. Newman, B.A,B.D
Sunday, February 5
11.00 a ra.—Service at Radford 2.30 p. m —Service at Norman 7.00 p. m.—Seivice at Yann
25 ots.
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
••••••
# #
Norris R. Homer
Clothier and Haberdasher
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE
I
ANGLICAN Sunday, February 5
St. Paul's
8.00	a.m. Holy Communion
10.00	a. m —Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Luke's
2.00	p m. Evening Service
I

Prevention of Cruelty to Animals it was learned recently.
Simon Yuen, 1717 Gouin 131 vd ,
Montreal, son of a Chinese inter* l>erter, and his Newfoundland dog,
“Bruno \ will be awarded medals, for having saved together the lives of a boy and a woman, in August last, at a bench near Cartievville, it was decided at a meeting of the decorations committee of the Pro
SS—“• MJTi.	I Pontiac County
B&t qSV'tS «££	|orange Lodge
January 24th, with the president, xvas bathing near shore, when lie i lak lakes and those of a third Gervas O’Reilly in the chair.	got out beyond his depth and stream tributary to Die latter lake
A financial statement was sub- started to struggle and shunt for Gold was found nearly everywhere milted by the secretary-treasurer, help. Mrs. H. B. Sandwith, 2101 in the gravels examined, but not tn Michael Muldoon, showing astir Gotiiu Blvd. XV., who went to his | commercial quantities at that time plus of $379 00 after all liabilities rescue, was dragged under the were paid.	'surface by the struggling boy,
Mr. Gervas O’Reilly was elected according to eye-witnesses. Simon i	Colorful Sicily
president of the society lor his \ tien, who was at the time, bath	Sicily is a land of color, of flow
while Yuen dived in ordei to lift °n a Ioi?8 P° ? JV8*1 ah°v* the crowd.
yoimg’Jackson to tb@ stutnee and ^ number of them together makes | Washington’s Birth Date swim Iback to shore with him lhe street quite a festival. But the George Washington was born on Artificial respiration had to be	greatest color comes from the	, what was	then,	in	England	and	her
At a special	meeting of	the	practised on Jackson, before he	painted carts, usually drawn by a	colonies,	February	11,	1732,	and	un-
Campbell’s Bay Council, held on was brought back to conscious- pony or donkey. Every inch of Monday, 23rd inet., arrangements ness.	surface is covered with shades and
to cave for the unemployed of the The decorations will be present- tints of color before undreamed of. town, brought about	by the	lack	ed to the courageous pair at a	In truth Sicilian traffic is a gay and
of lumbering in	the	district,	Mr.	coming meeting of the Province of |	brilliant pageant, with no two carts
James Quinn was appointed as Quebec Safety League.
inspector.	#
Councillors who inspected the work proposed to be done on the bridges on the l iver road and on Scott’s and Burns’ bills, reported on conditions found, and also what
work on same should be carried movement in song. The older motet out. The Secretary was authorized is a vocal composition written for to write to the Department of several (usually three) voices, of Lands and Forests for permission which the tenor was assigned a moto cut the wood on the island tive br part of a Gregorian chorale, opposite the village and so find The text is biblical. The masters of work for those in need until other the motet form were Orlando d; work could be started up.	Lasso, Palestrina and Bach, who
------------ I also is responsible for the insertion
of the chorale into the motet. The motet is unaccompanied.
In a schedule game of the Pontiac Senior hockey league played at Campbell’s Bay on Friday night, Shawville defeated the local squad 7to0. The scorers being Leslie Dale with 1, Seldon Langford with 2 and Hubert Dale with 4.
Shawville Bakery
Discovery of Gold in Alaska
Gold was first discovered in Alaska in 1848, in the gravels of Kenai river by P. P. Doroshin, a Russian mining engineer who was then making an examination of the mineral resources of the district for the
Quyon Agricultural Society Re elect Gervas 0 Reilly As President for Sixth Term
For a tasty loaf try
In
Annual Meeting of
Shawville Bread
The annual meeting of the County of Pontiac L. O. L will be held in No. 27 Lodge room, Shawville, Feb’y 7th, 1939,
Members
starting at 10 o’clock a. m and especially officers of the primary Lodges are requested to be present so as all business may be transacted in a satisfactory manner.
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Norval Kilgour Co. Secretary
County Master
D. J. CAMPBELL
Cowling
1
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Relief Program at Campbell s Bay to be Investigated
Business College
Phone 81.
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business
Educators’Association of Canada—
the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
til he was twenty he observed his birthday on that date. But in 1752 England adopted, by act of parliament, the Gregorian calendar in place of the Julian. The latter no longer represented the true astronomical year, it being at that time eleven days behind. The act or-Fircmen’s Quadrille Realistic dered that this difference be struck On the night of June 15, 1854, in from the calendar and that the day the Crystal palace in New York city, following September 2, 1752, be reLouis Jullien and his orchestra pre- garded as the fourteenth of the sented “The Firemen’s Quadrille.” month. Thereafter, what had been Suddenly and without warning, win- | February 11 became February 22. dows crashed, flames burst through the roof, fire bells rang and scores of firemen rushed in and turned on hoses. It was so realistic, says Collier’s Weekly, that many women fainted
enough, the palace was destroyed by fire.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
alike
Meaning of Mofct in .Music
The term rr.otet was defined by Walter Odington about 1225 as short
W. E. COWLING, President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Prehistoric People Had
Method of Marking Time
From prehistoric times man has	,	,
used various devices for telling | Eye, Ear, Nose end Throat Specialist
time. In very ancient days there is record of his marking the passage of the hours by means of a smoldering piece of woven flax in which knots were tied at regular intervals History also tells us. says a writer in the Los Angeles Times, that the Greeks had a method of telling time by the shadow of a pole set in the ground. It is possible that they learned this from the Babylonians.
Even the word clock means a method of telling time for it is derived from the Saxon “clugga” or French “cloche,” the handbell which was rung to mark each hour as indicated by the sundial.
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
HARLANS O. ROWAT
NOTARY public
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Okpick — la the G. F. Hodglns Building Main Street, Que.
Four years later, oddly
t
DI
ISO METCALFE •TEIIT,
Laurentian Sportsmen and Tourist Bureau Urges Quebec Government for Action
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2 -7961
Mexico’s Mining Country I Confectioner’s Store of 79 B. C.
IÊSÊM WÊÊÈÊ
Pontiac and Gatineau. Such a Sinaloa in the time of Philip III of The #T°?ll.su!’*>r,,?!ng hlng aboul J* road would be of the greatest bene- Spain, was the northern center of wa‘s l^at l*ie tools, apparatus, molds tit to both Pontiac and Gatineau |he industry, and the region pro- anc^ ot‘,er eQu,Pn-cnt were similar
Most of the new road duced one-fifth of the riches that 10 *hose ln use later-day candy
found their way to Spain.	I makers.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
'MSËAÉm
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
i
QUE.
te. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
OrncR : Campbell's Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
SHAWVILLE
CLINTON H. DOWD
B A. LL. B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street
counties
to be made is in Pontiac county.
Gatineau county council and the Government have the roads to the Pontiac boundary line in good shape. Pontiac organizations, do not seem to realize that the completion of the Maniwaki—Senne-terre road will make the Gatineau Highway the main artery to the mining country of the north, in which district in the near future will be developed a large National heaven while resting on a stone
Park. In addition the opening of couch. The couch is preserved as the road proposed by these organ- an object of veneration, izations will open a very fine circle	mÈHgÊBggggÊBg
route from Ottawa to Gracefield to Fort Coulonge, Bryson, Shawville to Hull a most picturesque and a fine sporting country.
With several thousand men out of work and nothing in sight for immediate employ Governments could present situation before ahother starvation explosion takes place.
The length of the new road to be made would be approximately twelve miles, with thirty miles of present roads to be improved.
JAMES A. MILLAR
The town crier with his bell call. ing “Ten o’clock and all’s well” was J not merely a quaint custom but a definite service rendered to the zens of the community.
Wheel clocks were known as early as the Thirteenth century but it was not until Freemantel invented the pendulum toward the end of the Seventeenth century that lcng-case clocks appeared. Then it was tha* _	. ..“grandfather clocks,’’ as they arc
Marble and Granite I familiarly known, added their Stately charm to our homes.
The various changes in style of long-case clocks have followed the different furniture periods, but the basic characteristics of the early cabinetmaker's designs have it maimed the same.
Hull, Que,
L L • L •
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
I. A
• t
Lamp Kept Burning
In an old palace in Travancore (India) is an oil lamp which, according to tradition, has been burning for the past 1,200 years. It commemorates a ruler of the state who is said to have ascended to
Phone, Sher. 1354
citi
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e *sry Friday evening.
Reductions on
Memorials
*29 MalnSt
•f
At Pontiac Hou.., Sh.w.ilk, every Wednesday efterneon.
At Moyl.’t Hotel, Cempbell'sBey, •very Wednesday morning.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
¦ •A
in
••
Branch et Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Belfast Castle
Belfast castle, a mansion built by the third marquis of Donegal about a century ago, with 200 acres of grounds, belongs to the public, having been presented to the citizens oi Belfast by its owner, the earl oi Shaftesbury, a former lord mayor

It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial At all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.

Matters dealt with by correspondence
IIS MAIN SHEET,
HULL, QUEBEC
Dp. R. E. DAGG
BURGEON DENTIST
ment both relieve _ the
At Proudfoot’n Hotel, Campbell’* Bay, Tuesday from 8.00 to 4 30 p m.
Gordon T. Pau 1 INSURANCE
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every

Babbit Teeth Grow Rapidly
The front teeth of the rabbit grow so rapidly that they have to be worn down regularly by gnawing on some hard substance. When a tooth does not meet its upper or lower companion, says Collier’s Weekly, the animal cannot wear it down and rious trouble is likely to ensue. Borne years ago a wild rabbit was discovered with a tooth that had grown so far in a curved direction that it had entered the animal's neck.
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
MONTREAL, QUE.

plateai ease
J. C. McUuaig, Manager, Lanrentian Tourist Bureau
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE d*. Wallace j.w. hodgins
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE A8SUIAWCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone ID-7,*. 1, Shawville, Quo.
Surgeon Dentist
chin Given Medals
Shawville
Marble & Granite Werhs Main Street, Shawville, Qee.
Suit 503
A Chinese youth and his dog will be rewarded for their coinage by the Province of Quebec Safety League and the Society for the
MONTREAL, QUE,
SHAWVILLE - QUE
RELAIR 3 $57
j

J
