###PAGE###1###



m
«B


*v\
4*
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, APRIL 'JO, I <>:)$*
91.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State»
No 43, 56th Yeab
I
X
Cowling
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN
Order your thick early from 8maw ville Hatchery. K||fij|lg| H. W. Hodoinh, Proprietor
Adina Rebekah Lodge purpose holding a mixed dance on Friday night, May 5th, in the Theatre Hall Admission, 85 cents.
Food Sale- A sale of home* cooking, under the auspice* of St Paul'» Junior Guild, will be held at the Pontiac House on Saturday afternoon, April 22nd, at two o'clock
Shaw ville Women's \ Institute will hold their regular monthly meeting at the High School on Monday evening, April 24th. at 7 90 o'clock. Address hy Mr, R. P. Bade*. Roll call — Pay your fees Hostesses, Mr*. Shore and Miss Winnifred McDowell.
Mi»* Winnifred Hamilton, of 8PARLJNO — At-'Shawville, Que.,
SS»t.:r-Dd 011 ÏÏ.Z't’A ift 'fer»R Bu»l"ese College
Mr. Norris Brough, of St Lam bert, Qua, visited at the home of his parents last week i .
Misses Lorna and I va Webb, of Ottawa, spent the week end with their aunt, Mrs. Walter Harris.
Miss Patricia McDowell, who spent the Easter vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. O. 0.
McDowell, returned Tuesday to resume her studies at King’s Hall,
Compton, Que.
Shawville Hardware
a daughter, still born
?
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
the Çenuine
Renfrew County*» Oldest Physician Dies	'
Dr. Normsn McCoiroack. Renfrew County m oldest physician, died in his sleep at his home in Renfrew on Tuesday of last week. He had not been in good health since last Fall, and about ten days previous to his death fell down a stairway.
Mi,» Margaret Brough, of Thet-1 Despite a heavy practice he ford Mine», accompanied by 'Mies I found time for public wervice and Bellier, of Sherbrooke, were guests f'»»* three year» held the Mayoralty at the home of Mies Brough's par- °f Renfrew. He whs also an ents, Mr. and Mis A. 0. Brough, hftive member of the Board of during the past week.	Education. Some years ago he
took an active pu t in the political affairs of South Renfrew, speaking in the interests of the Liberal Association. He was also prominent in the fraternal affairs of the town being a member of the Odd
Two girls and a boy were born I fellow and Masonic Orders, on Monday. Aprii 10th. 1039, to Mr. I l)i and Mr«. Donat Francoeur (nee Fort William, Que., 78 years ago. Aurore Lac.ioix)of La Passe, Que. He is survived by two sous, Dr.
The babies weighed about two C. W. McCormack, of Renfrew, pounds each and are doing well, and J C McCormack, of Ottawa; They are the first children of the two daughters, Mrs. H. M. Genu, couple, who weie married about it |of Sherbrooke. Que , and Mrs P.
Perrin,g of Winnipeg, and four sifters.
Dr. McCormack graduated from McGill University in 1885. He was a.class*mate of Pontiac County s oldest medical practioner, Dr. H,
____	______________jT.' Hurd man,	Bry*on, who
Ely wn Armstrong, of Green I probably, the last surviving mem Lake section, is in a serious condi- her of the das*, McGill *85.
tion as the result of injuries re-	_____
oeived when he was attacked on
Thursday evening last by his five-1 Mr and Mrs Asa Laughren
wÈÊK^tÊÊÊÊÊÊÈ
He was leading the animal into
the Imu when it turned on him. i In view of their departure from and knocking him down trampled the timn ml the 5th line, Claren-him dragged him about theÉggggMmsgggmggêggggmgg yard, Irwin Laughren. who was nearby, drove the infuriated animal axvay and Mr Armstrong was carried into the house. Dr C. F C Powies was called and found hi in badly bruised, with some ribs broken and internal injuries. He ha* since developed pneumonia and his condition is critical.
Mr. Armstrong foes btien in delicate health since January, when he suffered injuries from a cow.
Shkkwin - Williams Ë	w
emi-/ustre

The only t
standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest, in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
business school in this that measures up to the


ft,
»
3T
%
SATIN - ENAMEL
The sensational wa ah able satin enmmfl for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and Crater. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
$1.50
W. I. COWLING,
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Per
O
HARLAND C. ROWAT
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. William Drummond, on Friday afternoon, April 21st, at 2.80 o'clock Program Paper on “How to Enter tain” by Mrs. Holland Russell Roll call—An economical recipe.
Quart
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
8HAWVILLE. QUE.
Oeficf. — In the G. F. Horigins Building Main Street, Que.
Triplets Born at La Passe
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
Shawville United Y. P U. Presenting Musical Comedy
McCormack was born at
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Quo. (In Lawn Block)
i
Shawville United Y. P. U. are piesenting their seventh annual musical comedy ‘The Coustabule of Hinky Doodle Town” on Thu re-d4y and Friday evening. Maÿ 10th and 11th, la the Shawville Theatre. A caste of about 50 will present the play, and beside* the highly " humorous dialogue will introduce drill marches, songs and music into the programme. Everyone is advised to set a-ide one or both of the above dates for a most enjoyable evening of fun and mu«ic.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
year ago
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL.B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Maim Stkeet
Blwyn Armstrong Seriously Injured by Bull
5
• -Hull, Que
Phone, Slier. 1354
I
I
MEN’S
FOOTWEAR
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e '?ry Friday evening.
Counterfeit Coins in Circulation
Bogus 25 cent pieces are finding
circulation in this district. The bogus issue i* exceptionally well done and readily would piss for genuine if not submitted to 1 lie test for found or hardness. The imitation is of the 1988 issue with the moose head and has the ape pearancg.of being newly minted. It has no ring when dropped on a hard surface and can be readily dut with a knife. — Renfrew Met vnry.
Presented Witn Clock
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
I
don, which they have conducted fSr the past •‘even years, Mr. and Mr*. Asa Laugren were pleasantly surprised on Friday evening last, when a goodly number ot their neighbours and friends called at their home to extend their best wishes.
During the evening, which was pleasantly spent in music, dancing and cards, Mr. and Mrs La ugh re u were presented with a handsome clock by Mr. Lome Hobbs on be half of their many friends. The accompanying address was lead by Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong.
At mid night delicious and dainty refreshments were served by the ladies present.
513ranch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Our new Spring lines are complete, we have shoes and work boots made by the following high class manufacturers
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Reserves Judgment on Election Case
Drummond Street
Agricultural Short Course at Quyon Well Attended
MONTREAL, QUE.
Reserving judgment in the Renfrew election ca<e. Chief Justice Rose stated that if became to the conclusion tint F. A. Wade and Francis X. Flaunt, whose election as mayor and reeve of Renfrew, respectively, was voided by n
j. T»
Pembroke, lwl been elected pro- week| when about *500 people I	----
perl y, he would announce his de- crowded the town hall Gervase St. John the Evangelist church cision soon but it migbt.be some O’Reiliy* president of the society, Campbell's Bay was the scene of a time before his written reasons nvted as chairman. During the pretty double wedding on Tues were delivered.	/ evening music was furnished by day morning, April 11th, at six
Hia Lordship intimated that he Andrew Lusk and Leo Desbarat*. o'clock, when Isabelle Dagenais, would give consideration to the | The guest sneaker was Dr. J. E. I daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
curative section of the
F
c
John Palmer Co. Palmer McLellan Co. Williams Shoe Co. Eudore Fournier
PLATEAU 6388
l
One of the most successful short courses in years, under the aus
pires of Pontine Agricultural' So | Double Wedding At
ciety. (Div. C.) Quyon, came to a
close Thursday evening of last Campbell a Bay
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
3
x / p
h
4
/
\ : >
BILAIR 3 257
U
i
m -ii The guest speaker was Dr. J. E, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel - ,	,. ,	Municipal Latimer, professor of economics in Dagenais, was married to IVuiOen
Act under which ***##WOA cowlq | Macdonald College, who «poke on | Landry, won of Mr. and Mrs, Henry
Creb Shoe Co.
D. J. CAMPBELL
t

(
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
not be voided on account of cer-1 economics, tain ii regularities.
Landry,	JHHHV
I On Tuesday afternoon the speak-1 daughter of Thomas Lance and ers included, N. A. Drummond, oil the late Mrs, Lance, became the general agriculture ; C. H. Dalton, bride of Philibert Landry, also son of Ottawa, on pasture improve- of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Landry, M	...	, o meut ; E. Boudreau, of Hull, on ill of Campbell's Bay. They were
mC*»! ** varapoell and Miss livestock, and the president, Ger I unattended. The ceremony was K. M. Edey were hostesses to the Vrt?e O'Rielly, addressed the young performed by Rev. El wood Me-member* and visitor, or Wyman I ppop|e.	Nnlly, P.P. The brides looked
Women 8 Institute tor the April The officers for the short course charming in navy blub tailored meeting. The roll call was-ans. were . President, Leo Kennedy ; suits.	-	_____
wered with a labor saving hint. vice-president, Vincent Muldoon An nouncement was made oi the u_,,rp»ni,v answer .viprciuHroiiio
Sisman’s
Hartt Shoe Co.
%
\
I
Phone SI.
Wyman Women's Institute
I
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
k
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
siw«SM.MVVM ,1 After a wedding breakfast .the .	.	. .	, . , .secretary treasurer, Merritt Steele, two couples took the morning
annual con tit y meeting to be held 4 meeting of the Quyon Swine train to Ottawa. A reception and » at Shawville on May 10th. Copies m|n|)f was held Tuesday evening dance was held in the town ball of the new National. Home and an(j the following officers were re- Campbell's Bay, at which there
a	.S"..»: sss' uïïdSfn,"'v,CT I	1,bo,,t 400	v I
'*vdi‘“ûr“"”q5ùtTS!à!wîls£2Sr® st"1'’
shown and the making of a Quilt “Should boys be forced to rearranged for. Mrs. Roland Gnv main on the farms” was the snb-ham read a Mpaper on Correc t j^-t discussed at a round table
awns	!" 'sras
«fijSiSJSsrïï
urn in Chicago was given by Mrs. B D„iton and Philip Doherty.
Nelson, a visitor.	, • . Prizes for merit in the various
-Knit-wU^nd tS Jéfo -DaS? “ï^werî" wnïdîi °VeP ^ *“*
Boy” by Mi*8 Dorothy Pritchard, Silver trophy presented for an-
“s,’!s|tte™r..t r* rX'T&ïïî” ïra
... ...v-d	,	15—&WSS£SK| *• MILLER WALLACE
278 points out of ir possible 900. | AVOCAT - BARRISTER _	, Close contestante were Leo
ey Hudson Head» Ontario nedy and Muriel Moore.
Grand Orange Lodge j Tripe to Ottawa exhibition to
the boy and girl obtaining highest Stanley Hudson, of Ottawa, was I marks were won by Muriel Moore appointed Grand Master of the and Vincent Muldoon.	J
Grand Orange Lodge of Ontario Awards in various classes /of East Thursday as the 80th annual judging were made as follows convention of the lodge concluded Swine—Albert Muldoon 1, Herat Lindsay, Ont	ritt Steele 2. Leo. Kennedy 3, Ron-
Mrs. A. Sword, of Merrick ville, aid McKechnie 4
elected Grand Mistress of the Poultry, black giants — Justin I
women's section.. Next year's con- Quigg 1, M. J. Muldoon, ir. 2, Vin- ni ADCIIPC T DDfllMill CC vention will be held at Cornwall, cent Muldoon 3, Marion Muldoon 4. | uLnflEHWL I • DHUlf ULCC Other officers elected included Rhode Island Reds — Douglas Me-Grand Secretary, D. J. Sutherland, Kechnie 1, Muriel Moore 2, Cle-Ottawa, and Grand Treasurer, C. ment Muldoon 3, M J. Muldoon, jr.
H. Wood, Kingston. The légiste-ML MS
SUT.îSfE,. Hod';. I £	*“3îS i
son, of Ottawa.
Work Boots and Fine Shoes from
SI.95 up to 810.00
At Campbell'» Bay from Friday night Monday night of each week
to
»
A
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Spècial—See our special Heavy Duty ‘Arch’
A real good work boot for men
Men with foot trouble
M. A.. LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.9 Hull,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle'» Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Wednesday morning.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ART# BUILDING
Boot.
made by Greb. should see this boot.
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 1-7961
ab follows : -
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE.
BOYS SPECIAL
lowed, tea hostesses.
A new Shoepack— A special work or play boot for boys, that will stand good hard wear. Made by Fournier, a good snappy
looking boot.
SHAWVILLE
PHONE, t- tl
199 MAIN STREET,
S*anl
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
82.50
REPRESENTING OMPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
was
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co,
Canada
Ph.ne2l- 7,B. 1, Shawvill. «u. SHAWVILLE - QUE
Quebec
Shawville
da
###PAGE###2###
Quality Is Superb
Best Wife For A College Boy

• SERIAL STORY

COPYRIGHT. IMI NIA SERVIÇg. UK»

HIT-RUN LOVE
The Right Sort Of Woman For A University Graduate To Marry
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
The Secrets


of
he said. “And It's too
be happy,” bad for Tom. Something about this case doesn't smell good. I have a hunch the boy's guilty, but he's built up a tine case.”
CAST OF CHARACTERS PATRICIA McGRAW — heroine. She faced a choice between the law and love.
LARRY KENT — hero. He faced
Good Looks §1
Somebody was talking about the sort of girl a college man ought to marry and here Is what one man thought:
If they marry within the next three or four years (the pay of a professional '‘office boy” being what It is) they would do well to pick a wife:
Who can support herself as long as necessary and is smart enough to know when to quit her Job.
Who Is capable of keeping step when the young man begins to climb.	"
Who can get along with other women.	'
Who knows something about housekeeping, or Is willing to learn.
Who will want to live graciously and know how to go about it.
Who can take bringing up a family In her stride.
If your 11.A. doesn’t include a private and personal course In all those points, better look yourself over and buck up, for all of them are pretty necessary for satisfactory living, either by yourself and liking it or with the man of your heart and liking It better.
h

A*
an even greater decision.
TOM SWEENEY — prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
The girl nodded waiting for a chance to signal Larry. She finally caught his glance, nodded to the corridor and went out. He followed her.
SS
HW-
Larry's despicable
REDUCING THOSE HIPS
If our hips would only keep slender, how much simpler life would bel 1 know that many of you yearn to reduce your hips, because shoals of letters tell me so.
These exorcises will slough off fat around the hips. They’re not so simple, so start easily and Increase the effort as you get more supple.
Lie flat on your back, with the hands clasped above your head and ankles together. Keeping heels and shoulders flat against the floor, roll your hips first to the left, and then to the right.
Next, try this more difficult exercise:
Lie flat on the floor, arms at the sides. Bring your knees up to your chest, keeping arms flat, comes the work! Kick upwards until your legs are straight in the air, and as you kick, twist the hips to the right. Maintain this position for a few seconds, then bring your knees back to your chest, and relax. Kick up again, this time twisting hips to the left.
Remember — keep those arms of yours flat. You’ll long to support your hips with your hands but you must refrain. Keep trying and the fat will roll off those hips!
Write me for personal and confidential advice. Detailed leaflets on the following subjects may be obtained for 3c stamp each: Face, Eyes, Hands, Hair, Feet, Bust, Superfluous Hair, Slimming, Underweight, Reducing In Spots.
Please write direct to: Miss Barbara Lynn, 73 Adelaide St. West, Room 421, Toronto, Ontario.
Yesterday: trick kills Pat s love. Tom tells her he loves her. A visit to the hospital shows Pat her course, clear of
NOTES
RADIO
“Larry — this has gone too far. I’ve made up my mind to take the stand If you Insist. I don’t want to, and I’m giving you time to make other plans—”
He Interrupted with Ills old familiar cool, unruffled smile. T don’t have to make other plans Pat. The case Is in the bag. I’m as good as free now.”
“No, Larry. You'll never be free. That’s what you must see. What If you did win this case? You'd always know In your heart that you were guilty. And I have something more to say. Either you go back in there and tell Church you are going to change your plea to guilty, or I’ll tell the truth.”
Her eyes were looking into his, her voice was as calm as his own. A faint flicker of expression passed over his face, then he smiled confidently again. “Still trying to dramatize the situation aren't
shadows.
NEWS
AND
CHAPTER XIV
As she went to bed that night Pat prepared herself for the next morning. It would be the most Important one in her life. There had been struggles in the household, ones that she sometimes could not foresee coming through. Burdens, debts, responsibilities — but they faded Into insignificance In the shadow of this.
She hoped she could sleep and In sleep forget for a little while. She brushed the soft dark hair from her face and looked at the shadows under her eyes. How was one to know which code to follow ?
Love was supposed to surmount all obstacles. She knew what Larry would feel after her attitude made obvious. But her Iqye
MADGE ARCHER
. . . . 6.30 p.m. CBC—Tho Worlu Today .... 8 p.m, NBC and CBC —Chase and Sanborn Hour . . . . April 17, 7 p.m. NBC—Mr. District Attorney (new daily serial by Phillips Lord) .... 10 p.m. NBC and CBC. Marek Weber In Mexico 10.30 p.m. CBS—Columbia Workshop In two American plays . . . . April 18, 11.46 a.m., NBC and CBC —Dr. Stldger .... 8.30 p.m. NBC —Information Pleaso .... April 19, 2.30 p.m. NBC—Radio Awards . . . . 3 p.m. CBS Radio Awards . . 8 p.m. NBC and CBC — One Man's Family.
April 14. 11
TO BE HEARD
a.m. on all networks, President Roosevelt Youth Training In Alberta . • . • 8.30 p.m. MBS — Author, Author . . 8.30 p.m. CBC—Miss Trent’s
Children	HHHflMIlMH
Meredith from England .... April 16, 9.30 p.m. CBS — Phil Baker 10 p.m. NBC and CBC—NBC Symphony, Hans Lange conducting. April 10, 11 a.m., Vatican Broadcast .... 12 noon, NBC and CBC -Radio City Music Hall, streamlined version of “Tales of Hoff-
2 p.m. NBC—Magic Key . . 6 p.m. CBS—Silver Theatre
tats
, . 12.16 p.m. CBS —
McGraw
• #
# #
. 10 p.m. CBC—Brian
• • t •
• at
• • •
Here
man”
• •
see#
# •
you?”
“No. I'm tolling you the truth. I'm not going to let an Injustice be done here, Larry. You’ve killed tho love I had for you. It’s all gone, but you’re not going to kill my code of morals. That's something I have to live with all the rest of my life. I am going to tell tho truth unless you go In there now and enter a plea of guilty. I’ve given you every chance I could. I begged you to tell the judge tho facts, rely on the mercy of the court. Y ou could have explained that you were completely upset and didn’t know what you were doing when you ran away. But instead you plan on climaxing this case by taking the stand and committing perjury if necessary to free yourself. That’s why I’m stopping in now.”
"You wouldn’t dare.” IIis voice held a note of unbelief. “You couldn’t.” *
She didn’t answer, but met his gaze as coldly as though he were a stranger.
“You’ll make a fool of yourself. You've sat in there during this entire thing, taken down testimony and kept quiet. Y’ou can’t do anything now. What a spot you would be in, and what a spectator you'd make of yourself.” He laughed. “The reporters wouldn't even bother about me after that. You’d be a much better story. Your picture would look so much better in the papers than mine. 1 suppose, though, that you've thought of all that.”
She hadn't. Those possibilities had never entered her mind. Now they slapped her in the face and made her reel with the frightfulness of it all. Of course, she would be made to look ridiculous. Having sat there all during the proceedings silent, smug, holding back evidence, with no excuse for her ignorance.
Back in the court were the men who were her friends, men who had made her work easy, pleasant, who respected her, liked her, remembered her father, spoke admirably of his work on the force.
Lrary seiz'ed his advantage. Yes it will be an interesting climax,” he said. “I think now it’s time we went back. We may be holding up proceedings.”
She never knew how she found her way back to her table, room swam in a gray mist, faces staring out nearly disconnected, and seemingly hanging in space like the Cheshire Cat when he faded away in Wonderland.
An expert from the police department was telling how Larry’s dented fender could have resulted naturally from such an accident. And then she mechanically took notes her senses grew normal again. She raised her eyes and looked over the court. Sitting prominently In front was Dottle Barnes, an interested, amused smile on her red lips, casual, nonchalant In her manner as she leaned forward to speak to Larry who appeared as disinterested in his surroundings as she.
Pat felt as though she were In a dream, and then she turned dazed and uncomprehending as Mr. Church came over and touched her arm.
“Where’s your brother, Miss McGraw? Wo have him for a witness, you know? Can you get him right away?”
She looked up at him. My brother —?”
“Yes. We don’t want to delay the
was
for him was dead. How would Tom feel when he realized that she was turning on the man she had planned to marry? Would a doubt remain in his own heart as to tho quality of her love? If she could turn on one man could she turn on another? Would there bo doubt in his own mind after this? And yet she would be doing the only just and honest thing there was to do.
She would betray a trust, give Larry's secret away, but she would stand by her own sense of right regardless of "hat some might think. Some would praise her, and others would lift puzzled brows. Still nothing mattered now. She had made up her mind, and she would do as her conscience dictât-
Fashion Flashes
Queen To Launch New Styles Here
Wardrobe For Tour Will Include Ensembles Adapted to Canadian Climate.
FOR THAT TIRED ' FEELING
A great devotee of tailored coats, Mrs. Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., the former Lady Ashley, wore an interesting formal reefci at the races recently. A smooth face plum color woollen for the coat fabric, it was bound with black silk braid. The sailor was in matching plum felt and accessories black.
Lanvin uses much black in tho entire collection, relieved by white or touches of embroidery combining light blue with light red. Red and blue in various shades are allied in both sports and evening costumes.
New accessories include vanity boxes introduced as handles to swagger sticks carried with tailleurs. Ribbon muffs are presented as accessories for evening wear.
A charming white tulle was worn with a bolero or printed satin in wildflower design, the satin repeated in a wide inset girdle.
L


k !
9
ï
Hidden away in a great safe In Norman Bartnéll's Bruton Street establishment In London are tho designs for the wardrobe the Queen is taking to Canada. Already groups of expert needlewomen are busily embroidering lustrous silks and filmy chiffons with shimmering metallic threads and beading with glittering diamente and pearls. Yet not one gleam of information has been divulged. What the Queen will wear is kept a jealously guarded secret.
Rumors are circulating in London, rumors that without doubt are founded on grains of fact. Papers have announced there are to be 50 separate outfits ÿr the trip during which Her Majesty will sometimes change her costume three or four times in one day. It has been takas a matter of course that her favorite blue, “Queen’s Blue,” as it is now known, will predominate. There is also much talk of' the Queen “launching” a new fashion and several new combinations of color, one said to be dove grey with fawn.
While the safe at Hartnell’s still holds the secret of the Queen's wardrobe, no details will be available—though thieves did break in. More loyal than any previous dressmaker to this vow of secrecy, he will probably reap his reward when cables are busy as each trunk is unpacked and the Queen —impeccably groomed Canada.
ft
!
FT

i
1

t

Jacket Suit Seen
For Spring Wear
ed.
*
“Doesn't Smell Good"
At court she watched for Larry. He was there early, sitting beside Church and smiling with a confident air.
Big Jimmy Burke waited for the court to begin, hitched his gun holster up around his waist and sat down in the witness chair near Pat. “Well, the young man looks to
k
mm
f
Tight little jackets and full swirling skirts make the chic spring silhouette for slim young figures. A simple rayon taffeta frock iri a small navy and white check with a full skirt is very smart worn under a snug basque jacket of soft navy wool, one shtiuld wear a ruffled lingerie petticoat underneath to show when brisk breezes billow tho skirt. This same jacket suit is shown, tco, in brown and white and black and white.
! '

Black is still outselling navy in both plain and printed dresses, according to reports this spring. A swing to navy is anticipated as the season advances.
Skirts in sports tailleurs are usually straight. These are complemented by classic jackets of almost wrist-length.
And

en
Spring's “Charmer”
A Bolero Dress



General toning up for that tired feeling la gained by Jo Ann Sayers and Mary Beth Hughes by stretching. Mies Hughes holds Jo Ann Sayers arms erect while she pulls taut the muscle» of back and abdomen.

âV
1
Household Science
/
ft
«
KATHERINE BAKER
i
V
t

t


r
Ml
charms
Bee Hive Offers
Drip-Cut
SYRUP
Click

Nature Forgot Ear Coverings
Provided Us With Eyelids To Shut Out Light But Left Us Defenceless Against Noise.
and
9 9
JUG
it's openl

Click
l
At Big Saving
and
9 #
A smooth aluminum hand soaps over i < prnlng and cuts the syrup—there is no drip. It is a grand jug to serve syrup from. To get yours it a big saving send 50c and four 3-lb. Bee Hive Syrup labels (or the equivalent in lbs. and 50c) for the 12 that retails at over |l. For the 40-ox. • send tea 5 lb. Bee H Syrup labels and SI (or the equivalent in lb*, and SD. The 40-sue sells retail at Mail requests to manufacturer-—the addressisoo every labeL
it’s dosed!
VS
a
*
Nature did not fully equip man for civilization, according to Dr. Verne 0. Knudson, professor of physics at the University of California, since she forgot to supply him with earlids. These are a necessary accessory if man Is to be protected from the noises he produces. Ear stoppers can perform a beneficial service In protecting not only the ears but the nerves from air borne noises.
“There Is ample evidence," Dr. Knudson added, “that noise robs millions of city dwellers of quiet leisure and restful sleep. Few can escape from the nocturnal noises of neighbors’ cats, dogs, radios and even social gatherings, or from the traffic of near-by automobiles, trucks, street cars and busses. The resulting toll society pays in a single item of disturbed sleep is unbelievably great."

The


t Æ. Æ Ü
1C
ivc
E
SEVEN MINUTE FROSTING
2 egg whites, unbeaten 1% cups sugar
6 tablespoons water 1% teaspoons light corn syrup 1 teaspoon vanilla Combine egg whites, sugar, water, and corn syrup in top of double boiler, beating with rotary egg beater until thoroughly mixed. Place over rapidly boiling water, beat constantly with rotary egg beater, and cook 7 minutes, oi until frosting will stand in peaks. Remove from boiling water; add vanilla and beat until thick enough to spread. Makes enough frosting to cover top and sides of 8x8x2 inch cake (generously).
Now that Spring is in the air, this lovely Gold Cake will bring 1 the spirit of it right to your table. You’ll be surprised and pleased t too, to find what an economical | cake it is. That’s why we call it
ECONOMICAL GOLD CAKE
2 cups sifted cake flour
2	teaspoons double-acting bak-
ing powder
% cup butter or other shortening 1 cup sugar
3	egg yolks, beaten until thick
and lemon-colored
J2
3277
tSeeJ-five &àup.
SIZES
12-20
V

L
Æ&]

By LOUISE LENNOX
You’ll be proud to wear this youthful bolero dress right now ’neath your coat. It’s a heavy rayon sheer in Spring’s smartest and most practical color . . . navy blue. Fitted through the mid-riff, it reveals a tiny waistline, and accents the frosty white crepe bodice. The skirt flares out impertinently about the hem from a very smooth hipline. This Spring “charmer” is equally captivating and wearable in a young Spring print crepe. It costs so little to make it, you could easily have them both.
Style No. 3277 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 30, 32, 34, 36, and 38-inches bust. Size 16 requires 314 yards of 39-inch material with 1% yards of 39-inch contrasting.

lYour
Child
% cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla, or % teaspoon orange extract
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder, and sift together three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar gradually, and oream together until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks and beat well. Add flour, alternately with milk, a small amount at a time, beating after each addition until th. Add flavoring and beat I thoroughly. Bake in greased pan, 8x8x2 inches, in moderate oven 1 (350eF.) 60 minutes, or until
• done. Spread Seven Minute Frosting generously on top and sides of cake. Double recipe for two square layers.
w
0#
Back Sore?
i$
ag
habit 1 and grow in» children lor mote than IOO rears Mothers everywhere have trusted Steadman's to beepchildren health» folly regular from Infancy to early
FREE Sample and Booklet
Your
TF your back is sore and you must get up several times at
will find Dr. Pierce’s A-nuric Tablets very beneficial. Mrs. Emily ght, 478 Henry St., Woodstock, Ont., says:	“My kidneys
called me up several Yimfi at night Hheu-
M	mj bod*.
How Women in Their 40's Can Attract Men
night, y
"Hints to Mothers* write Jchn SieeUman u Dept. It. 4 12 Kr.
U - mi ri :i I
-it
case."
“No—of course not.” She felt cold, icy drenched in a freezing fire. But facts stood out clearly. “He won’t be here unless you Insist,” she said slowly, conscious that Tom was looking at her, that lorry’s eyes were on her, that his lips were smiling confidently. He was still gambling, still sure of her.
6SN
tijhrkl Si
(ÿ^STEEDMAN’S
POWDERS
l**kf*t it# /**&/* F F. ttwSa/ m
Wri
smoo
•E
and
x Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (Coin k preferred ) for pattern to Look, lennox, Hoorn 421, 73 West Ada-
i
U bel pa Nature ua bel pa give I aaaiet ralm-
vivacity to eojjojjJtfe and
routd hardly lara la bed I was to atif ead aore. I took Dr. Pierce*» A auric ead I wae rompletcly
.th
laide St., Toronto. Write plainly Name, Ad-lrtrs and Style
Issue No. 15 — '39
tiiaturbingeym ma that often accompany rhante of life. Plnkham’e ia WELL WORTH Lying.
; n g , ’ ' t «• r /
youri
Numl er Le a V state size you
Buy
B
Dr. Pierca'e A auric Tehlrie at year drug
(To Be Continued)
vhk

###PAGE###3###
rose grower, are as dewy and as fresh when taken from their tins in December as they were when plucked in June, but they have no odor.
Canned roses at moderate prices may soon be on the market in winter.
The blooms, preserved by a secret process known only to its discoverer, a well-known British
ther, they rehearsed all things that Ood had done with them, and that he had opened a door of faith unto the Gentiles.
Well-Known Bird Dog» Will Compete In Field Trial»
The
BOOK SHELF


By ELIZABETH EEDY




Say Polar Bears Are Left-Handed
WM:
1 This Curious World



By William Ferguson



“BEWARE OF PITY '
By Stefan Zweig
This, the first long novel by the famous author of “Marie Antoinette,” im a psychological study, profoundly moving, of a beautiful crippled Austrian girl who falls in love with a young cavalry officer. The young man’s pity causes him to form a close friendship with the girl which culminates in a crisis of great intensity.
Tragedy of the starkest kind brings this dramatic story to a close. The two young people become engaged but a misunderstanding drives the sensitive and impetuous girl to commit suicide, and there is an end both of pity and of love.
The lesson of Mr. Zweig’s tale is that there are two kinds of pity —the selfless kind that heals and the selfish kind that wounds.
“Beware of Pity ' by Stefam Zweig • • • Toronto! Macmillan Company of Canada, Ltd. • • •
$2.50.
it

....
»
m


And Superstitious, Too, According To Member of Arctic Expedition

ox


Polar bears are left-handed and superstitious, if the views of David Haig Thomas and guides are correct.
Haig-Thomas, Cambridge rowing Blue and member of the 1937-38 Ellesmere Island expedition, said his observations of polar bears showed they always used their left paws in preference to their right.
ICa
y
his Eskimo


%

Harkncss, Toronto.
THERE IS ^*agg
NO PIGMENT
IN A	N
PEACOCKS FEATHER/
THE RAJ Ni BOW
Won't Break Seal’s Skull His Eskimo friends, he said, told him polar bears would never break a seal’s skull If It could be avoided. Their hesitation to break a skull, In Eskimo opinion, was a sign they agreed with the Eskimo belief that if a hunter breaks an animal's skull his spirit will be released and will not permit him to hunt successfully thereafter.
COLORING IS DUE TO
BETSV
might provide for the spread of the Beed of the word which they had imperiled themselves mo greatly to sow. They went back to the storm and the stones. That is what missionaries have been doing from the beginning. They are doing it today In China.
22.	Confirming the souls of the disciples, exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that through many tribulations we must enter into the kingdom of God. Paul said to these men as he went back, ‘Do not look at the seen things in Lys-tra, Iconium and Antioch, continue In the faith.’ This is the great word that ever needs to be uttered for the establishment of Christian life. He exhorted them to patience in tribulation, because that was the way of victory.
Elders In Every Church
23.	And when they had appointed for them elders In every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they had believed. The disciples were gathered together Into a church or community having a common life, ruled by laws, governed by disciples. The rulers in these little communities were called elders and bishops. At the head of each Christian community there was a college of elders who were responsible for the teaching and the discipline of the community. These elders were solemnly set apart for the office by prayer, fasting, laying on of hands, and then followed the commendation to the Lord, the special'service of prayer and exhortation which accompanied every peculiarly solemn act In the apostolic church.”
26.	And thence they sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been committed to the grace of God for the work which they had fulfilled. From these cities Paul and Barnabas worked their way down to the coast, and then from Attalia took ship to Seleucla, on the Syrian coast, whence they went on, to Antioch, from which they had departed at the beginning of this great missionary Journey.
27.	And when they were come, and had gathered the church loge-

RO/W5
Sunday School Lesson
CHANGED THE AMERICAN FI_AG DESIGN FROM

STARS TO A71ZE--
PO/MTED ones/
TODAY, WE. AUTOMATICALLV THINK..OF STARS AS ACTUALLY HAVING POINTS.



LESSON III
PAUL ESTABLISHES CHURCHES
King and Queen Arrive at Opera House
a GAINSBOROUGH
PAINTING MAV BE IMPORTED
Printed Text, Act» 14:1-7, 19-23
Golden Text
biulder I laid a foundation; and another buildeth thereon.” 1 Cor. 3:10

FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED
“As a wise master.
*
STATES, DUTY F/ZEE, BUT
A VAN GOGH PAINTING ZAAV NOT/
A-
The Lesson In Its Setting
Time — We cannot ascertain definitely how long Paul remained in each of these cities, but we are probably Justified in placing the time for these events in A D. 48
f PAINTINGS PRODUCED IÔOO COME IN DUTY FREE FOR. RESALE MM THE UNITED STATES)

t %





1


WHEN George Washington, Robert Morris and General Ross called at the home of Betsy Ross, they Showed her a sketch of a flag and asked her If she would make it for them. They had selected a six-pointed star because they thought it was easier to make. Betsy woo them over te a five-pointed star when she showed them how to make this type with one clip of the scissors.

and 49.
Place — Principally in the cities of Iconium, Lystra and Derbe, in Asia Minor, and Antioch in Syria.
1. And it came to pass in Iconium that they entered together Into the synagogue of the Jews. And io spake. The conversion of a very great multitude of Jews and Greeks at this- time was due to the manner in which the apostle had spoken. That a great multitude both of Jews and of Greeks believ-



9*


1
*¦
t*


f

m
| National Insignia
Ü


>,, M


i
A
ed.



Difficulties In Iconium
2.	But the Jews that were disobedient stirred up the souls of the Gentiles, and mad* them evil affected against the brethren. One would have thought Luke would «ay, “the Jews who did not believe.” What he means by the word “disobedient” is that they disobeyed God In not receiving his message.
3.	Long time therefore they tarried there. The reason for the long tarrying was not the success of the work, but its difficulties. Speaking boldly in the Lord. Who bare witness unto the word of his grace. These men went Into new cities with no new message, but with the same message, adapting their method of presentation, but never changing the truth. Granting the sign because It signified, or Indl-their hands. A miracle was a wonder because it caused wonderment on Jhe part of the people; it was a $lgn because it sigtnified, or indicated that God's power was resting upon these men.
4.	But the multitude of the city was divided; and part held with the Jews, and part with the Apostles.
6. And when there was made an onset both of the Gentiles and of the Jews with their rulers, to treat them shamefully and to stone them. Stoning was the Jewish mode of punishment for blasphemy and such these Jews would represent the teaching of the apostles to be.
6. They became aware of it, and fled into the cities of Lyconta, Lystra, and Derbe, and the region round about: 7. and there they had preached the gospel. But simply to state the facts and leave the principle to shine through them; and here It shines clearly through them (or he made the limit of Roman territory the limit of his work, and turned back when he came to Ly-
is a
HORIZONTAL Answer lo Previous Puzzle 11 Coat of arms

18 Its mountains are rich In
¦ Rmraniemrarcr-innuiii ¦
QtiH nmnnnmm reir Damn as lanTsHDi
¦uéw
RH 3HH A
flnaoiinflB
nflra untie
____ BBRm ORE
OB OBOM llklHH HK
n HBmnia amass m
HWi-ironw-iHiti ¦ I»] niii ïï67
' of
pic-
M
I	hired here.
; 5 River in this country.
II	Disorganized retreat,
12	Abundance.
13	To harden.
14	To deem.
16	Southeast.
17	Tiny vegetable.
16 And.
21X.
22	Tone B.
23	People.
28 Act of
twisting.
30	Rubber tree.
31	Recedes.
33	Poem.
34	Notice of • proposed marriage.
36	Stepped.
37	Heavenly body.
38	Duet.
40 Thing.
20	Tissue.
21	Touched with the toes.
22	Ice cream drink.
24	To rupture.
25	Either.
26	Fiber knots.
27	Frightened,
28	Transgression.
29	A particle.
32 Frozen water

BMiinrafl
*
m

k

i
24
ORVILLE



BE
A

WRIGHT


m
nra




V
* ! mm
* à
&
dent.
59 Mountains in 35 Total this country. 37 Male child.
VERTICAL
41	Blue grass
42	Exists.
44 Market.
46 Ache.
48	Morindin dye. % p^.
49	Policeman.
51 Cuned like
a sickle.
EE
Lebrun of France.
<
39 Simpleton.
41 Pastry.
43 Ulcer.
45 Branches.
47	Devoured.
48	Naval assistant.
50 Play on words 52 Billiard rod.
i
2	Aurora.
3	Regrets.
4	Speaks.
5	Since.
6	Map makers
7	Strangers.
8	Girdle.
9	Native metal 53 Conjunction. 10 Northeast.
15 This country 57 Half an em.
Brantford Triplets Receive Novel Birthday Gifts
53	Sloths.
54	Queer.
56	Gap in a hedge.
57	Finish.
58	This country's Presi-
mmm

m








y






1
55 Parent.


1
I

ft

4
I
4
;

m
r

12
1!
zS



,

%

%
m
14
5
V
4
-
;i

¦
5
I

A
W- I
I

!
*

m
4
I


•Ira.
Why do we read that the apostles fled from Iconium? Would It not have been far more courage-to have stayed there and suffered death? Sometimes It is needful to fling away your life for Jesus; but if it can be preserved without shirking duty. It is better to flee than die. A voluntary martyr is a suicide.

ous
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Many Happy Return*
HAPPY BOITHDAY, DAI SY8ELLE/FROM
uncle Charlie's
BRICKYARD/
OPEN FROM NINE TO FIVE WEEKDAYS'
PUDDINHEAD 13 TAK1N HER A BOOK FROM HIS
aunt's bookstore, an'
CURLEY IS TAKIN' HER A BRACELET FROM HIS
UNCLE'S JEWELRY STORE/
an' shorty is
ÇIVIN' HER A BOX OF CANDY,
FROM HIS MOMS . >
CANDY STORE, f xVf// ,
cF
today IS DAISY8ELLE5
BIRTHDAY AN'i'M TAKIN' HER THESE FLOWERS FROM POP'S
CREENHOUJE /
Paul'Stoned
IV. But there came Jews thither from Antioch and Iconium having persudaded the multitudes they stoned Paul, and dragged him out of the city, supposing that he was dead.
20.	But as the disciples st round about him, he rose up, and entered into the city: and on the morrow he went forth with Barnabas to Derbe.
21.	— And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and bad made many disciples, they returned to Lystra antf to Iconium, end to Antioch. The apostles went back over the ground which they bad traveled before, that they
and

ft
5*x
*
l«U,
*I#I*

A
¦ •

r •»
firi.
v


#
/
»
f
d
y
<:

. f
n
###PAGE###4###



THE EQUITY
New Silver Dollar to Commemorate Royal Visit
HODGUNS
GARAGE
Production of a new silver dollar commemorating the visit next month ot the King and Queen ham been started at the Royal Min», Ottawa, it was announced Saturday.
The new silver dollar, which will bear
the effigy of King George VI on the
obverse side and a replica of the Centre Block of the Pailiatnent Buildings the reverse, will be issued around the time Their Mntartiet airive in Canada. They are scheduled to land at Quebec May IX	,
The number of the new com to he issued will depend on public demand, officials of the Finance Department stated. They could not estimate the number that will be coined.
»*i
'"fi' m l9J7‘	'	a graining on the edge ”
SHAWVILLE. APRIL 20.1939
notice
Iron Lungs for Canadian Hospitals
Hospitals everywhere in Canada are considering accepting the gift of Lord Nuffield, British industrialist, who is willing to have "iron lungs" made and presented to any hospital in the Empire. The only cost is the shipping charge.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales
Ml
We carry a complete stock of
Middlings,
\
>
\
Bran Shorts,
Feed Flour, Pig Starter, Hog
Canadian National Railways Deficit for 1938 Totals $54,314,194
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
Grower, Chick Feeds, Dairy-Feeds, Grains, Clover and Grass Seeds, etc., etc.
\
\
\
fit
Look These Models Over
%
1988 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach -1937 Pontiao Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car value is a good used car
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
Quebec Liquor Laws Tightened
Bristol School Board
Plans for strict enforcement of new regulations governing sale of beer and wine-in Quebec were announced over the week end by Quebec Liquor Commission authorities.
The orders provide beer and wine may be sold only with meals costing 35 cents or more in hotels, restaurants, lunch rooms, clubs and similar establishments licensed by the commission. L p to now, there was no minimum price on
meals.
From now on, sale of draught beer
It has
April 6, 1939
Bristol School Commissioners met on above date, present Chairman Woods and Commissioners Beattie, Graham and Stewart.
The minutes of last meeting were read an,bon motion of Comr Graham were adopted
A complaint came to the Board re. the teacher of No 7 school. It was agreed that the teacher be notified of this complaint
Motion by Comr Graham, that the
following billsTve approved and paid :
,...|7 OCX 6 00
Farm for Sale
I


the
Part of Lot No. ’Î56, situated in Village of Shew ville, North of Main Street, consisting of seventy acres :	*“
or less, all tillable and ot the best of loam and clay soil. Several Building* Lots on Main Street. VI ill sell all or in part at a reasonable price.
For particulars apply to
J. G. ELLIOTT,
335 James St.
Ottawa, Out.

more


J. Li. HODG1NS
i
will be allowed only in taverns been permitted previously in all licensed
«SEs : %%%%=? s s* -
could stay o,*n between noon and 1 j xhe Montreal Star, teacher» ad

Phone 64-J,
i
$
J
’’Council Standard”
RIB-ROLL or
Tlte-Lap Roofing
is being widely used for houses. It is permanent, fireproof, weatherproof—requires minimum upkeep.
Write for our new free book, "House Tope".
X
.	34 20
3 52
In Memortam
Drummond—In loving memory of our darling mother, Agnes Blakely Drummond, who ?entered into c_ April 19, 1938.
Her faint last wish
I should like to have heard, And breathered in her ear One last parting word,
On'y those who have lost Art able to tell, jjB." The pain - of the heart In not saying farewell.
Sadly missed by
Tub Family.
1
7 days teaching
a. m
Alex Murray, school. .
Motion by Comr. Beattie, that the following teacher*’ applications be accepted for next term No. I School Miss Leona Lake
“ Qwen Tubman “ Ruth Stanley “ Lillian McQu&t 4‘ Kathleen Graham 44 Florence Young “ Olive Arthur 44 Margaret Tow ne “ Cecelia Currie Mills
15 75
! r #
Quebec Sets Third Successive Mine Record
Preliminary statement on mineral production of the province of Quebec for 1938 was issued Friday by the Quebec Bureau of Mines.
The report ta id that for the last six years the curve of the yearly value of production of the mines and quarries of the province showed an unbroken, rising trend.
In the last three years successive new high records were established. In 1938 it reached $08,250,308 compared with $65,203,976 for the year 1937
Increase in value of the metallic group, according to the statement is to be credited to gold, a non-industrial metal.
our gold industry grow apace, it would have been a source of satisfaction to record a parallel increase in the value of production of base metals”.
3
DALE’S TINSHOP
rest
M 4
“ 5
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Eastern Steel Products
4*
« 4
6
J i mit rd
M 9 E “ 11 9 Int *
•‘Nf
a % 1
44
On motion of Cornr Stewart the meeting adjourned.
BEATTY PUMPS
NOTICE
H. I Smith,
Sec-Treas.
placed at 18,915.000 lbs, as compared with 18,957,000 lbs., in 1937, and 18,- pality of the Village of Shawville
940.000	lb#»., in 1930 The number of sheep in Canada in 1938 is estimated at
3.415.000	compared with 3,342,000 in 1937, and 3,329,000 in 1930, In the 1938 39 session importation of wool are set down at 5,100 bales from Australia,
2,700 ibs , from New Zealand and 1,-
200,000	lbs re-export from the United Kingdom.
i
To the inhabitants of the Munioi-
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Indian Curiosity
A Frenchman traveling through Ohio in 1797 met and talked with the Indian chief, Little Turtle. The Frenchman told Little Turtle about the theory that the Indians descend- • . __	ed from the dark-skinned Tartars
Hear King and Queen in	Qf Asia. He also showed the In-
Six Broadcasts	dian a map which outlined the pos-
sib le route of the Tartars to Amer-
The voices of the King and Queen ica. Said Little Turtle: “Why should will be broadcast by the Canadian no^ these Tartars, who resemble Broadcasting Corporation on six USf have descended from the In-oceasions during the Royal visit begin- dian?” ning next month, CBC officials have
announced.	.
The first time His Majesty will speak to Canadians from their own soil will be the day of his arrival at Quebec May 15, aboard H.M.S. Repulse. Shortly after disembarking, the King will speak at a welcoming luncheon
His Majesty will send his voice over the radio again from Ottawa, May 18, when he officiates at the unveiling of the National Memorial. The Queen a address at the laying of the cotnerstone of the new Supreme Court building at Ottawa, May 19, will also be broadcast.
The main address the King will deliver on the tour will be his message to the entire British Empire. He will make CBC facilities from Winnipeg on Empire Day, May 24. another broadcast from Western Canada at a place and date yet to be announced and the final broadcast will be His Majesty’s farewell to Canada at Halifax,
June 15.
All broadcasts but that of the King Empire Day will be broadcast only to Canada and the United States at the ex press wish of His Majesty.
Winnipeg speech will go to the United States as well as Empire countries.
“While it is gratifying to see
Public Notice is hereby given by Harland C. Rowat, Secretary Treasurer, that the Council of this Municipality at a sitting held at Hynes Hall on the third day of April, 1939, passed By-Law No. 124 of this Municipality respecting the control and eradication of the warble fly or heel tty, such By-Law to come into force fifteen days after publication.
Further communication of the said By-LtW may be bad at the office of the undersigned.
Given at Shaw ville, 4th April, 1939.*
H. C. HO WAT,
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
Fur Pelts Wanted
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest pri.es paid.
NORRIS K. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer Phone 43 Shawville - Que.
Remedy for Leprosy
Natives of Burma and India have known for many centuries that the brownish yellow oil pressed from chaulmoogra seeds was helpful in treating leprosy. But it was about 40 years ago that American and European doctors became seriously interested. Lepers used to try to swallow the nauseating, acrid oil. and they spread it upon their sores This famous tree grows wild in Burma, lower Bengal and Assam.
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Sec.-Trcas. Village of Shawville
This
Good Bacon Hog
Made a PROFITA
Shawville Bakery

i
U
m
.

Whistling, “Devil’s Music”
In numerous parts of the world, whistling is viewed with much su perstition. Moslems call it “devil's music” and Icelanders believe it violates a divine law, says Collier s Weekly. Whistling in mines and theatrical dressing rooms is said to court disaster. Many languages have proverbs on its consequences, such as the French maxim: “A hen that crows and a girl who whistles bring the house bad luck."


This Little RuntV* Mode None-vM# j
There will be
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality

if
M.
/»
on
# To make profits from hogs, feed Quaker Pig Starter, and get them ready for market at 200 to 220 pounds weight at the age of about 5 to 6 months.
Quaker Pig Starter is built around oatmeal, and research farms have definitely proved that oatmeal makes pigs grow faster, develops big strong frames, and increases resistance to disease. Because oatmeal is 94% digestible, t here is less waste, and the nigs convert it into meat far
more quickly and economically.
Scientifically correct. Quaker Pig Starter contains all the 17 ingredients required to give best results in developing
y strong, fast-growing hogs from the third rjV^ril to tenth week; including iodine to prevent
goitre; iron to prevent anemia !
For finishing after the tenth week, feed Quaker Bacon Maker.
Phone 89
The
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Highest Prices for Seed Grain
I Registered seed displayed at the Ottawa Seed Fair brought top price* when sold by public auction at the conclusion of the fair at Arnprior.
One ot the best bargains of the after-
the sale of 10 bushels of
Sales & Service
main street
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
noon was
certified No. T Vanguard oats for $L7$| a bushel.
lot would bring at least $2.25 a \_
Considering present conditions, the prices obtained rated high.
The highest price paid for late oats was S3 a bushel for 10 bushels of certified Erban of the first generation. 'i Peas brought as high as $2.80 a bushel for Arthur sixth generation. Chancellor and other generations of Arthur brought prices ranging downward from $2.86 a
bu*el.
Alfalfa sold at 30 cents a pound ; red ; game Reliable Service
«lover at 12 cents a pound ; timothy at	•	J
tz;	: ! w ! Ison s Garage
^I
ESTABLISHED ]HS8

It was estimated that this
¦¦•bel.
Ill
COACH
INVALID

QUAKER PIG STARTER
GE0B3E. HYNES Sc SON


Director! of Funeral Service
ShawvlHe, Que.
General Repaire
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
Rhone 80
Quebec
Shawville,
Phone 40
###PAGE###5###
m+~
#

Service Announcement
The Equity
Shawvilub Cmitrd Church ^ Rkv A. F. Forks B. A, B.D PAitor
Sunday, April S3
11.00 a.m., Seffice at Shawville
. 1.30 p.ra , Service at Zion '% j_„
> 3,00 pm. Service at Stark # Corners.
Sermon Subject : ‘The Need of Faith
in Our Day
$7.30 pro, Service at Shawville 5 Sermon Subject : “God's After*".
BalabltsMB IBM f
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLK, QUEBEC |

/. •
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States..,...

Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
$1 50
• i
2.00

All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Chesterfield and
Bmmtol United Church
C Armhtrono-Salb*. B. D.
Service at Sunday School Service at Service at
10.30
11.30
w. G.OOWAN, PUBLISHER
Studio Couches
44
44
Austin,
Sermon Subject ; “From Easter to * Pentecost.M 2ud—“Companionship in
the day’s work"
2.30
7.30
We feature for this month impressively styled Chesterfield Suites and Studio Couches, designed to give your living
air of distinction, and provide
Roÿ 6. Fraser
Gifu, Novelties
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. 0. Newman, M.A..B b Sunday, April 23
11.00 a. m.-XSeivice at Wesley 2.30 p. m,—Service at Bristol 7.00 p. ni.—Service at Yarn#
Flowers,
RENFREW, ONT.
Bo* eae Phone 160
room an
you with furniture of luxurious comfort.
>
f
The Marvel Chesterfield
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in
vite your patronage.
orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect.
$5.00 or over, phene us collect
and we .shall prepay.
ANGLICAN St. I\u i/>
Suml iy, April 23
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30 p ra —Evening Prayer Holy Trinity
ft * r- '• y I
11.00	a. SB. —Holy Communion
St. Li kiD
H Set vice Withdrawn
Beautiful ltepp Upholstered. Chesterfield Pattern of a New Design, 3 pieces
Priced Marvel Chesterfield, Strong and Durable Upholstering
8 pieces............................
Your Guarantee of Comfort, Style and
Quality Construction, 3 pieces
On
$5950
On orders of
A Medium
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
$67.50

il
$72.50
Phone anytime between 7 a. m. , end 11 p.m.


Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
Owing to conditions of the road# services are withdrawn until further notice.
The Heavily Carved Feet and Claw Arm Decoration are Distinctive Features of
It is a moderately priced
Beattie's Eye Service
Mother Goose Lived in
the Eighteenth Century
Mother Goose was no myth, as is commonly supposed, but an actual personage, asserts a writer in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. She lived in Boston at the beginning of the Eighteenth century. She had an endless stock of old rhymes and 1 ingles in her memory, which she taught her grandchildren, and other childrenBof the neighborhood.
Her daughter, Elizabeth, married a My. Fleet, and he believed it might be worth while for her to collect these ditties and put them in permanent form for the use of future generations. He, therefore, brought out a book, of which the earliest edition now known bears the following title: “Songs for tife Nursery; or, Mother Goose's Melodies for Children. Printed by T Fleet, at his printing house, Pudding Lane, Boston, 1719. Price, 2 coppers."
There Is little doubt that this was the first edition of the work, since the old records of Boston give the date of the marriage of Thomas fleet and Elizabeth Goose as 1715.
the Marvel'
Design, Yet Combines the Desirable Features of Inner Spring Cushion Seat
Holiness Movement Revival Services
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye
mm %
Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
7950
Construction, 3 pieces.........../.....
Bristol-red Upholstered
4 Revival Services commenced last Sunday in the above mentioned church. They will be continued every night (except Saturday) until May the 7th. The revival services will close with a District Convention which commences on May the 5th and ends on May the 7th. Three meetings each day during the convention. A cordial invitation js extended to all.
The Beautiful
Chesterfield and Chairs, 3 pieces
$87.00
Studio Couches
Scientific Eye Examinations
Simplicity of action features the new Pull-easy Studios. Not only are Simmons
Pull-Easy Studios Smartly Styled, but Their Deep ,Resilient Spring Back Cushions and Seats, Give Chesterfield
Comfort for Daytime use, 3 pieces ...
R. BOSTON, Pastor
Specialists on all Visual and Musciiar
Eye Defects
Look Here
¦ For Saliy Wants, Found
Lost ole’.
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometust
$58.50
O
FOR SALS—Comfortable well appointed seven room dwelling house, goon basement, hard and soft water. .Small Garden. For further particulars apply to HILLIARD Hobbs, at Sh aw Wile Bakery.
1
/ /// //// // // /// /*/// / "" '\'\
//:///////
Z-Z'Z / / ZWIZ'Z /[/
s
The New Walnut Chifforobe
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
4
i
FOR SALB-Three purebred year old Ayshire Bulls. Also a quantity of Red Clover Seed No 2, at $12 per cwt. Apply to Wm S. Hanna, R R No. 3, Shaw villa Que. Phone 15 14.	I
Combining Four Drawers, Writing Desk, and Clothing Wardrobe-
Founding of Annapolis Annapolis was founded more than
-	250 years ago, and not long after became the capital of Maryland. Still later it was the capital of the United States for a short period in the early years of our congress. It was named after Ann Arundel, wife of Cecil Calvert, second Lord Baltimore. Its beautiful capitol sits on a little knoll and is a gem of Colonial design. In the old legislative ball. General Washington surrendered his commission after the Revolution. The shades -of Carroll of Carrollton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence and others, seem to haunt its charming hall». In one ef them stand the battle standards of the Maryland regiments in the Civil war, with the Union and Confederate flags on opposite sides of the room, since Maryland was a state of divided sympathies. The World war also has its
-	share of mementos.
A Space .
$2496
4
Saving Combination
«
FOR SALE—A number of varnished Willow Flower Basket* of all discretions at very low prices. I am also in a post lion to do all kinds of painting inside and outside at reasonable prices. Apply to Job Smith, residing at John l^athems,
Shawville.
4
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
A Beautiful Seven-piece Walnut Dining
Room Suite. Exclusive Design for $87.50
FOR SALE -Three 3 vear-old and one 2 year-old Percheron Colts. Also a few tons of Pressed Hay. Apply to Clifford Horner. Shawrille. Phone 1516.
Please bear in mind that the articles mentioned in this advertisement are all new Spring Stock and if you take quality into consideration, prices are lower than any Catalogue House.
Phone. 278
FOR SALE—One Set Platform Scales, capacity. 700 pounds ; One Set Counter Scales, capacity 200 pounds. Apply to John B. Armstrong, Shawville.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling, house with modern conveniences, good garden. Apply to Mrs Clip. Corrigan, Shawville or Mrs. Thomas Kelly, Breckenridge, Que.
V
MacLean
I FOR SALE — Certified Coronation I Wheat, Grade No. 1. Passing field and bag Inspection and sealed li. bags by Government Inspector. Order earl? as I supply Is limited ; also one purebred Holstein Bull Calf, priced right. Apply to Norval Kilgopr, Shawville. Phone 11-21.
RED 6 WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
Why Dynamite Affects Fish > Because water pressure increases with depth, Ash constantly but slowly have to adjust the pressure in their swim bladder, as they move from one level to another,* to avoid sinking below or rising above their desired depth. That is why, states a correspondent in Collier's Weekly, when a body of water is dynamited and fish are killed, those that were momentarily too buoyant come to the surface while the other»» sink to the bottom.
M
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
WANTBD-A good Salesman to sell
Apply to G. A.
Farm Machiner).
Howard & Son#, uhawvllle.
25c
Pearl. Comfort or P & G Soap. 6 bars for
Handy Ammonia, 2 pkgs....
Bulk Soap Chips, 3 pounds Oxydol, large size, per pkg....
Tariff of Tolls, to be Collected During
Season 1939 by

15c
FOR SAW—One used Electric Ironer guaranteed In first class repair. Apply to John L. Hodgina, Shawville.
20c
• •
23c
Ltd
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co.,
For Use of Improvements
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure. .
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet add under 30 feet long 1,000 feet Board Measure......
Red and White Vine, Tamar* Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per
; 1,000 feet Boar#.Measure.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce woods, square or waney bosrd, per
Pulpwood per
WANTED—Team of Percheron Mares, young and wound, with or without foal. Apply Mating particulars to John i Aski.kord, Pakenham, Ont. Phone 19
25c
Rinso
Zebra Stove Polish, paste per tin.........
liquid, per bottle
Il II
II
»####*
II
15c
6 cents
19c
u.
AGENTS WANTED - ALL YEAR INCOME selling large line %@#ces, ex-
tractn, toilet re p« I sites. stock a *
Our Anation amers [pc Hence required, dy .eneat orders, A small
Excellent opportunity to For free details unci cate FA MILKY CO., 570 St. Clement.
Non Such «
Bon-Ami, cake or powdered
II
other
14c
if?
r
*#
• see*##e# see
• • Hi
farm products, open every door. No ex Pleasant wotk. from old and new cu*to amount puts you in hu*i
rrrrnitMri
w

10c
Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin...................
G. M. Floor Wax. paste, per tin.............
G. M. Self Polishing Floor Wax, per tin.......
S O S Scouring Pads, eight to a package......
Lemon Oil, 16 ounce bottle......
Ideal Silver Cream, per bottle Clothe*" Pina, per dozen
Steady .epeat
6i cents
EBIMY
[IHIIItl
I
e •
• #
mere
I U' M S
PM
25c
\

35c
right party
loguo. m
Montreal.
25c
7# cents
i i »
25c

, end be
Hog for Service
Hemlock and all other 1,000 Cubic Feet......
when egg prices climb
-lucky** next Fa
29c
75 cents
z
right «way. Personal attention,
Pu qd YorkMiirv II -g for a
Fee $1.00. Apply tn Arthur Kiu oue.
Reizietered Yorkshire Hog.
tb
R. J. TRACY, Yarm, R
5c
6 cent*
Cord. • «.
• ••• •• • • • •

25c to 45c
G. HAROLD BOULTON IrkM Iff A Poultry Awocietiofl BRISTOL, til K
Brooms
• « • e
E. C. WOOLSEY, 'ii Secretary.
Service mem ben*


e $1.00 ; free

• -
###PAGE###6###
from the street* during the
•now
winter months. Now Spring mun and rains come along and do it
^!¦¦¦¦¦
aminer.
Here’s The Conqueror Welcomed Home
VOICE OF THE PRESS
Peterborough Es-
Riverdale Kiwanis Club
of Toronto
presents a
An old truism says that every farm can afford nt least one pig, and no farm con afford not to have one.
TO GET THEIR MAN
Americana seems to think that all a Mountie needs is a good baritone voice and a horse.—Quebec
Chronicle-Telegraph.
NUDISTS LOSE NUMBERS Canada’s Doukhobors are being urged to forsake their ancient i—in other word» they are he-advised to keep their shirts -Stratford Beacon-Herald.
m
/
il
/

ways

ing

on
TOURNAMENT
MAKING HISTORY
It’s going to be a historic May. Tho King and Queen are going to the New World for the first time and so are the quintuplets.— Toronto Saturday Night.
TWO FARM NEEDS
Two things should be restored to Ontario farms—the maple sugar bush as a revenue producer, and the woodlot as a source of fuel wood.—Farmer’s Advocate.
SOMETHING FOR NOTHING
-Twenty Canadian cities and towns are reported to have spent a total of $2,000,000 to remove
IN THE
SCO
vMmm
TORONTO GLOBE .nd MAIL
sas
re are valuable loom. Have
rc
carefully.
•jRyÈL Bon Sâlverplate.
asr-cssn:
*3,000®»
«TUI
/%
SM"^ii|iSS§pES“
MIS
PRIZE LIST
One of the largest, the
size
Wataon Chick Hatchery at Orangeville, produced 2,000 birds during 1938 and has plans for 10,000 in 1939. Mr. A. H. C. Proctor, another large Ontario breeder with an establishment at Unionville, also plans ta j aise 10,000 pheasants in 1939.
i
I
More will
For the coming year be spent on highway maintenance (but not on new highways); estimates for the Departments o! Mines, Agriculture, Game ami Fisheries, Health. Municipal Affairs are up considerably Premier announces that not less than $2,000,000 will be used next In treating tuberculosis pa
NTARIO
UTDOORS
L
O
lull -llmmired TEA
nw
ORANGE
HE 0
\ l
Dont miss a single game!
ARF
ABEL
LABEL
By VIC BAKER
. The
ONTARIO'S CAME BIRD RESTORATION POLICY PAYS A DIVIDEND
START
#
Mr and Mail.
TOD A Y!
year
tient# throughout Ontario with the object of “completely eradicating this scourge from our province*
. ... It has recently been said that if the proper measures were taken, there would be no trace o? the “white plague” left In Ontario Inside a dozen years. . . .
A new children’s unit at the Ontario Hospital. Woodstock, will be built; a new fireproof building at the School for the Blind, Brantford; a community hall at Rondeau
Park. . . .
A cut of $25,000 in the grant to the University of Western Ontario has roused the Ire of the students there who have been demonstrating valiantly against the reduction which may mean a cruel curtailment of educational activities there .... the University of Toronto suffers similarly, its specla grant nicked a cool $100,000. . . .
GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN CANADA _
Has Ontario found the answer to its game bird problem T While other provinces, with the exception of British Columbia, forced to cut game bird shooting down to short open
indigenous birds,
1


are

¦i
seasons on populous Ontario, where industrial and municipal development have probably reduced native wildlife more than elsewhere, has started to enjoy
exotic varie-
1


i
i
»
Shock Method
Helps Insane
open seasons on ties of bird life raised in cap-
0##^ A MILD CIGARETTE TOBACCO
tivity.
Last year no fewer than 50 Ontario Townships, in addition to the counties of Essex, Kent and Pelee Island, permitted short seasons of pheasant shooting. For this extra hunting-extra, for Ontario enjoys approximately the same indigenous birds as provinces—sportsmen spent between $75,000 and $100,000, of which $20,000 went into licences. Approximately 35,000 birds were bagged during the season.
Parliamentary
Doings
55<
Aids In Restoration Of Mind’s
_ — Complete Relax-Healing To Schixoph-
*
Balance ation ! renies.
y2 LB. TIN
Oatorlo*» LoaUlaters,
itai
BY EEDY
With
Also in 10c Packages
seasons
other
insulin shocks which the mental patient into are giving new promise
and 25e Tins
Terrific
Speaker Clark
on
In lighter vein
has ruled that M.P.P.’s may longer spend their King's Printer sessional allowance of $25 on anything but stationery and leather goods (in which the King's Printer’s office deals) .... Certain members of the House have been squandering their 25 bucks on lingerie, jewelry, perfumes, medicines, boots and shoes, golf clubs, picnic kits and what-have-you . Tut! tut! gentlemen. . . .
plunge
deep coma _	_	. __
of life to hundreds of schizophrenics at Arkansas’ new state hospital for nervo'-s diseases. Dr. rs. T. Hollis, staff psychiatrist at the institution, said at least 50 per cent, of the schizoids treated with insulin were showing improvement.
Schizophrenics—the name means •split-personality"—make up more than 75 per cent, of the population
institutions In the Unit-
The
no
.No mistaking it ... . Premier t Mitchell F. Hepburn usually gets what he wants. Despite all the
vituperation,
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
and
controversy,
threatened strike of motorists, and
a Conservative •filibuster (lovely
against the proposed
(
@Q
Lhdrl
Shooting a Paying Basis Ontario’s success in putting shooting on a paying basis may be put down to simple factors; first, recognition of the need of restoration rather than conservation; second, the encouragement of private and commercial breeding. Unlike British Columbia, where pheasant eggs distributed free of charge to farmers and sportsmen’s organizations who hatch the birds and release them when ready,
sum from the Gov-
women’s
word!
amendment to the Gasoline Tax Act, Ontario now finds itself paying eight cents tax on every imperial gallon of gas, two cents more.
Yes, he got what he wanted last week in the Legislature, including a vote of confidence (60-22) • , . . and then the Budget was brought
. . and all the M.P.P.’s
GLASSES
FITTED
• #
of nervous
ed States, Dr. Hollis said disease briefly, totally incapacl-tales the patient by making him incapable of connected thought. “Insulin shock treatments are
old, and operate
NOPSVI
X605BA
VLMJKL A6T0Z j
•Filibuster (verb): to delay legislation by the use of extreme dilatory tactics.
are
down
went home and had an Faster re-
only a few years
the theory that complete reis healing to shattered
Radio Licence Fee Unchanged
cess
on
luxation
minds.”
receiving a ernment for each matured bird, Ontario now does most of the game propagating on its own farms, leaving the balte licensed game breeders. Until quite recently, though, the Department of Game and Fisheries supplemented its own breeding efforts and those of commercial farms by distributing pheasant eggs among farmers "and sportsmen, who, although under no obligation to release the birds when matured, usually did so. The Department operates two pheasantries, at Normandie and the other at Codrington.
In addition to the two Government operated game farms, there are 62 licensed breeding establishments in Ontario, four of them being of considerable
The Budget:	Ontario finished
the fiscal year with a surplus of $236,038. Surplus in the previous year was $4,609,718 .... The Province spent $35,000,000 on highways construction and this item of capital expenditure helped raise the gross debt by $37,500,000—(revenue from gasoline tax and other sources (luring the past year amounted to about $27,000,000,	$8,000,000 of
which was spent on highway maintenance, the rest absorbed through other channels; so that the $35,000,000 used for new highways had to be freshly borrowed) .... Succession duty collections for 1938-39 reached an estimated $15,000,000 or $3,000,000 below what the Premier had budgeted for. (Maybe the Government couldn’t get settlement soon enough on Sir Joseph Flavelle’s estate.)
>
i
Might Drop Back To Peasant Level
Continuation of the present licence fee of $2.50 on radio receiving sets was endorsed by the Parliamentary radio broadcasting committee last week on a motion by J. G. Ross (Lib., Moose Jaw).
He said evidence of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation officers as to the curtailment of CBC service “that must result from any reduction In revenue,” had been heard and should be adopted by the committee as a warning what would happen to CBC if t!,e f*es were reduced.
The motion was carried by a vote of 9 • 3, and a second motion by Mr. Ross, that the main motion be sent to the House as an interim report, was carried without record
ed vote.
game
ance
Western Farmers Must Have Help, Premier Bracken Of Manitoba Declares
4%

Western agriculture would drop to the level of peasantry it Canada did not regain her lost markets tor wheat, Premier John Bracken, of Manitoba last week told members of the Brandon Board of Trade.
Speaking on “Agricultural and Economic Readjustment,” Mr. Bracken urged the nation stand by the farming industry in its present
economic troubles.
“Under the present setup In Canada,” he said, “certain sections of our economy have been assured of a definite rate of return while other sections, In this case agriculture, receive what Is left.”
The premier declared agriculture must not be denied the r.gnt t<> adeuate adjustments to meet the emergencies face.
3
H
3
now
3
one
1
1-15
3

"Well. I'll be darned. if It ain't n 'Z'—no wonder I've beweelling - so many glaise, lately—1 could bave .worn that wa* am M’ll’
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
i.e.

1

%
4
&

t is called upon to
A

cult
V
\>
Need Compensation
“If secondary industries are to : bon used in Canada by tariff laws to the detriment of primary industries, the latter are entitled to equal compensation If equity is to
bo maintained," he said.
He added there must be intelligent planning for agriculture. Unsuitable lands must go out of cultivation and efficiency in production must replace Inefficiency; a soil wasting policy of production must give place to a policy of conservation and sound development.

r
:

n
V
JO
¦ >


<<
#
v.
/
a
“I agree to that," maid the King. That

Sheep that are fed al lof the good quality legume hay they will clean up will need less grain than sheep that receive poorer-quality roughages
###PAGE###7###
Conversation Made Easy.—Keep the centre of the room free from furniture. This makes for easy conversation across the room.
Fishermen's Paradise
HAD DIZZY SPELLS FOR 3 YEARS
Bird Dogs Enter In Field Trials
HAVE
What Science * Is Doing *
*
DRINK 4 HOT WATER
••hut leessa the tLlieill wistee
QÜ
Sellers And Pointers From Ontario And Neighboring States Are Competing At Niagara-on-the-Lake, April 16th.
A
f »

ft
Result of Acid Indigestion
aRD
*
rsatu
11Before taking Kruechen,” a woman writes, “I had very bad
HE
TWO MILES PER SECOND
Research with rockets is going ahead rapidly and quietly. There are already 800 experimenters in the U.S., their first objective bei ig to reach the stratosphere with weather instruments.
Fuels of liquid oxygen and gasoline already give a speed of two miles per second. The next step will b) to send mail by rockets, which seems to be perfectly feasible.

dizzy spells and hot flushes, bad spells of acid indigestion, and I was so nervous at times that the least thing would upset me, I was about three years jn that condition.
To y oui daily cup of hoi wotoi. add the '‘hileo" of the 10 horbe In Gartiold Too and you not only "wash out' internally—but
looeen the bard to gel-or wastes which cl mg to the lining, undi* qeeted. Garfield Tea make# hot watei tae-
M V

The Spring field trials of The Ontario Bird Dog Association to be held on Sunday, April lfith, at Niagara on the Lake, will feature a new class which Is expected to bring out many new dogs and dog owners. This Is a class for untrained Setters and Pointers.
Trials For Untrained
There are numerous owners of Setters and Pointers throughout Ontario whose dogs show natural hunting Instinct and style. Some are dogs which have accompanied their owners in the hunting field, perhaps, some may be show dogs or pets. They have never training beyond that which their owners, In a limited way, have been able to give them. Their owners would like to know how their dogs rate in the field. This class will enable such dogs to "do their stuff* before an experienced bird dog judge. The class will be restricted to Canadian-owned dogs, but no age limit will be enforced.
The classes for trained dogs will provide interesting sport for both dog men and spectators and, as usual, It la expected that a large "gallery” of spectators will follow
the trials.
H®
This charming story from a Polish newspaper reaches us from the United States:
An English missionary, in a chat with an old Negro cannibal of the tribe Niam-Ninm, told him of the enormous number of victims of the
Reputed to be one of the greatest small-mouth black bass sanctuaries in Canada, Bayfield inlet will be accessible by road now under construction by the Ontario department of highways. Previously fishermen were forced to reach the inlet either by air or water.
liei to drink Mild. THOROUGH, prompt., 10c ê 25c at drugging.
MI could not tell you in words how happy and glad I am to-day that I gave Kruschen Salts a trial.
1 have now taken th$m for 18 months. I would not miss them one day. They are a great help to anyone who suffer a as l did. I feel in better health to-day than I have for years. After taking Kruschen for three weeks thr dizzy faint» and hot flushes left me.
I now feel so bright and cheerful. Kruschen Salts assist to keep you fit and fine.”—(Mrs.) J. M.
Kruschen Salts is an excellent recipe for maintaining a condition of internal cleanliness. The numerous salts in Kruschen stimulate your inters! organs to smooth, regular action. Your inside is thus kept clear of those impurities* which, when allowed to accumulate, lower the whole tone of the system.
GARFIELD TEA
world war.
"How could you,” wondered the cannibal, "eat so much human meat?”
"We whites,” answered the missionary proudly, "do not eat human bei
Aveeuc,
Dept. €2. 1 Cl
CARE OF ENLARGED HEARTS
Experiments in artificially producing large hearts in animals, which have shed new light on care and treatment of humans with enlarged hearts, have been developed. They show that return of the blood volume to normal and relief of strain on the heart was not followed by a return of the heart size to normal. The lesson is that a constant or severe strain on an already damaged or enlarged heart only adds insult to injury.
Classified Advertising
ngs.”
"Well, then, what did you kill them for?” asked the cannibal in great astonishment.
had
HAIR GOOD!
AGENTS WASTED
Tf# been sleeping like a
WIO& TOUPBH. TRANSFORMA-lions, Switches, Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. 621 Bathurst oronto	___________
BEST PROPOSITION ON MARKET —Ladles' and Gents' Furnishings. Write for full particulars. Relia-bis Agencies, 211 Victoria Street, Toronto.
log."
I
“You wood!"
I
The teacher was trying to make Elsie understand subtraction and she said: "You have ten fingers, now supposing there were three missing what would you have then ?”
"No music lessons,” said Elsie promptly.
ARTICLES FOR SALE
FLAGS. BUNTING, PLAIN AND Waterproof Truck Covers and Tents. Prices and samples on request. John Leckle Ltd.. Toronto.
HELP WANTED MALE
BECOME A DETECTIVE. MEN over 18 wanted everywhere. Detectives earn good wages. Rewards. Work home or travel. Correspondence training course. Write for free Information to Box 25, Station T. Montreal._____
CURE FOR BERI BERI
A case of oriental beri-beri, the first ever treated in Toronto with synthetic vitamin "Bl” has just been discharged cured from the General Hospital there.
Beri-beri, a disease caused by deficiencies, was first record-
HAWAJIAN GUITAR_ WITH ALL fittings i regular ;
delivered. _____ ¦¦¦ _ _
Order now. R. 8. Williams Company, 411 King fit West. Toronto.
ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS
snd Ten Free Lessons. 110.00 value—only $6.46 Limited number only.
| Farm Forum |
Plenty Of Pheasants
Headquarters for .the trials will be the Prince of Wales Hotel, Nia-gara-on-the-Lake, and roads leading to the "grounds” will be marked so that motorists can easily locate the various events.
The frontier country Is Ideally suited to the sport. Pheasants are there In good numbers and the terrain adjoining the roads surrounding the village has every type of land required to enable a good trial of a dog's willingness and ability to work in both open pasture and
HOT IRON TRANSFER*
"Do mistakes of your past ever keep you awake eights 7” "Not any more.
telephone disconnected.”
BiO PACKAGE OF HOT IKON Transfers, eight sheets, over two hundred designs; also valuable instruction stitch chart; mall 25 cents in cash. Needlecraft Guild, 633 College Street. Toronto.
diet ¦¦¦	.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ed by Admiral Takaki, surgeon-in-cfcicf of the Japanese navy, towards the close of the last century.
Q. Do colonies need attention before the bees commence flying In late winter or early spring? J. C , Halton Co.
A. Yea. Prevent robbing by the closing of the entrances of all the dead colonies or remove the entire box to a bee-tight cellar. Clear all dead bees. Ice, etc., from the entrances of all live colonies. — Dr. E. J. Dyce, Dept, of Agriculture, of
O.	A. C.
Q. What should one do with the weak or queenless colonies? R. C., Halilimand Co.
A. Unite them with strong colonies. Place a piece of newspaper between the strong and the weak colony at the time they are being united. This will reduce loss resulting from fighting.
Dyce, Dept of Agriculture, O.À.C.
Q. We sometimes read In the farm press of the use of concentrated fertilizers that may be applied by simply mixing with the seed grain in the grain drill. As none of the fertilizer companies advertising matter mentions this type of material, I am wondering If you could tell me where It might be obtained, as we have no fertilizer drill, and would like to give this a trial. "W. J. G.. Slmcoe County.”
A. Aa to sowing the fertilizer
with the grain, I would say that there Is some danger of the fertilizer materials reacting on the metal part# of the grain drill, which are sot built for fertilizer sowing, and seriously Injuring the drill. Then again, fertilizer materials and the grain are of different specific gravity. This means that the fertilizer being the heavier of the two, will tend to flow through the drill much more quickly than will the grain. If a dry, uniformly graded granular fertiliser la used, there Is some chance for success by applying It aa you have Indicated. However, we do not recomend this practice. J have known some farmers who claim success from sowing fertilizer mixed with seed grain in the grain drill. — Harry G. Bell, Dept, of Chemistry, O. A. C.
1 had my
IF SUFFERING FROM ASTHMA or chronic bronchitis send 10c today for trial of ASTONE TABLETS, the remarkable British which la giving Instant __________joany thousands. Literature free. As tone Products, 78 A Adelaide West, Toronto. Sold by Druggists at 60c and $1.00.__________
HOGS FOB SALK
Humorous Man (in street car): "Has anyone dropped a wad of notes with an elastic band round them?”
Chorus of voices: "Yes, I have!”
"Well, I've just picked up the elastic band.”
COBRA VENOM PAIN-KILLER
Cobra venom, the deadly poi-from the fangs of the storied Asiatic snake, may be the most potent of all pain killers, the University of California Hospital reports following successful experiments with patients suffering excruciating torment.
Remedy relief to many
lt)R SALE — FOUR YEAR OLD Yorkshire Sire. Beet Market Pen Royal Winter Fair and other Doar Winners; Yearling boar elre, Orandslre. and two nearest Gran, dame In Advanced Registry. Four months boars and sows. Shade-land Farms. Eden. UnL
son
BABY CHICKS
“RSfSHWSS 9»
Large Type 8. C. White Leghorn Breeders. 1,000 Leghorn Rock (hybrids) or 1,000 Large Egg 81se Strain Barred Rocks. All you have to do to win a prise — Guess the number of eggs laid from a flock of 230 Large Type 8. C. White Leghorns for the months of November and December and send us the names of 6 people who are Interested In Poultry and buy chicks each year. You may win a prize as high as 300 chicks free. Lakeview Poultry Farm, Weln Bros.. Exeter. Ont.
MEDICAL SUPPLIES
DON'T BUFFER FROM BORE OR tired feet. Try the new Andy's Salve & Liniment. Large Ointrrîent only $1.00—60c bottle. Uniment FREE — First order only, money back If not satisfied, write to Andy's Salve & Uniment Manufacturing, 101 Alexander Ht., Toronto.	.
heavy cover.
Doctor (to patient)—It # Bulking to worry about—just a little boil on the back of the neck. But you must keep yeur eye on it. '
Firestone Exhibits Farm At World's Fair
Your
Please
mam
»• rv*
f
i

i
NO FILM KBitL1HEll_____
SEND US YOUR SNAPSHOTS Oh old photos. We specialize in making enlargements direct from any print. 6" x 7" enlargements coloured 60c; 8" x 10" enlargement coloured 76c. Stamps accepted. Tru Foto Studios Limited. New Dirks Building. Montreal.	_
"	PATENT»	""
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTUS List of Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Company. Registered. Patent Attorneys, 27% Rank ML Ottawa. Can.
PHOTOGRAPHY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH EV-. ery roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 25c. Reprints same price. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Brlghtllng Studio. 29A Richmond SL East. Toronto.
X
Dr. E. J.
i ¦.¦
How Can I?
DON’T MISS THESE BARGAINS! Two-week old Barred Rock Cockerels .09c. Mixed 112.60, Pullets $19.95. New Hampshire Red Cockerels. .08c, Pullets $19.95. Three weeks old add .03c, Big Egg Quality add .01c, Extra Select add .02c. Rush your order if you want these bargains. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
Jfo:*
BY ANNE ASHLEY
U
Q. How can I make the drippings from highly flavoured foods sweet and tasteless?
A. Fry a few slices of raw potato In the drippings. This will also take away the flavour of rancid-nees.
Q. How can I get rid of a scale of dandruff appearing on baby’s head?
A. Wash the head every day with pure castile soap and then rub white vaseline over the dandruff. The scales should loosen and come off within a short time.
Q. How can I prevent piano keys from turning yellow?
A. It is claimed that If piano keys are washed occasionally with alcohol, then polished with a soft clean cloth, they will not turn yellow.
Q. What causes boiled potatoes to be soft and broken on the outside, while the centers are hard and uncooked?
A. Boiling too rapidly will cause this condition.
Q. How can I make a plant fertilizer?
A. A little ammonia added to the water affords a rich fertilizer for the plants, also aids In preventing bugs.
Q. How can I prevent silk thread from unwinding too rapidly on a sewing machine?
A. Place a small piece of felt on the spindle under the spool, and the silk will not unwind so rapidly, tighten, nor break.

X»
F. C. PORTER, COCHRANE, ONT bought 52 Bray pullet chicks. Put 61 In laying house. "At five months,” says he, "they are laying lots of extra large eggs . . . mighty good In this cold country.” Buy Bray Chicks. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
• t



FOR THOSE WHO WANT A MORE colorful flock, buy Bray Brown Leghorns. Wonderful producers of large white eggs. Cockerels make good broilers. Economical to raise. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
TWO FREE PROFESSIONAL S1L-vertone enlargements and valuable premium coupons free with every film developed and printed for 25c, or with eight euper-g ohb reprints for 25c. Personal skilled attention to every order. Cut Rate quality would oofct you more elsewhere! Cut Rate Photo Service. Dept. B21, Box 23C. Regina, Sask.	____________
A 3% acre exhibit at the World’s Fair in New York is being completed by the Firestone Tire & Rubber Company. In addition to a full-scale tire factory producing a tire every four minutes, probably the most unique part of the exhibit will be an actual life-size reproduction of a thriving farm with live stock, buildings, farmhands, and all. This part of the exhibit will demonstrate how the farm is being modernized by the use of rubber tires on every wheeled farm implement, and will call attention to the fact that it was Harvey S. Firestone on his owip640 acre f(&rm who pioneered in the development of rubber tires for farm use.
NOW YOU CAN BU Y CHICKS THAT weigh two pounds per hundred more when hatched at a saving of up to $6.00 per hundred. Selling direct, no agent’s commission to pay and mass production in Fergus enables us to pass the saving on to you. Grade A Heavy Breeds $11.00, Pullets $18.00, Cockerels $6.00; Leghorn» $10.50. Pullets $22.00, Cockerels $3.00; Extra Profit Grade Heavy $12.45, Pullets 19.90, Cockerels $7.00; Leghorns 11.95. Pullets $24.90, Cockerels 4.00. Free calendar and poultry guide. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario. ___
BUILDING MATERIALS
PERSONAL
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE Many with means. F arm-daughters. Widows with Particulars 10c. Con-Box 128 Calgary. AI-
from. ers* Property, fldentlal. berta.
rled out this work in two directions; first by the Introduction of vegetables unfamiliar to most Canadians, and secondly and probably more Important, by vast improvements of those varieties that have been grown in this country for a great many years.
| Gardening {

QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy Tea-
SPECIAL FLOWERS
For full sun, especially If planted close to a south wall where there is little protection from the summer heat, there are things such as coreopsis, California and other popples, portulaca or climbing morning glories and nasturtiums which are recommended.
These give remarkable results even in a siege of dry weather.
Of an opposite nature are certain annuals like clarkia, alyssum, larkspur, pansy and phlox. These will actually give better results, more delicate coloring, If planted in partial shade.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE romantic sweetheart, with money, write: Mary Lee. 445-0. Rolla. Missouri. *	_
BUILDERS. CARPENTERS AND home-owners, new eighty-page Catalogue now ready. Write for copy. Pannlll Door Co., Limited, 2 Front St. East. Toronto._______
Claims Goldfish
Eating Record
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amazingly successful hyblood treatment Pedigreed Products, Saskatoon, Sask.
WANTED -songs, ... tlon. Send Music L
Toronto, Canada.
13
FILMS DEVELOPED
OLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 25c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY 2 RUSSELL ST- TORONTO.	___
i A Harvard University student, Irving Clark, 20, of Seattle, claimed the goldfish eating 'championship this week. Clark reported he ate 24 live goldfish in a little more than five minutes, using orange juice as a chaser. Clark was spurred on by Frank Pope, of Franklin and Marshall College, who bet him $50 he couldn’t eat more than Pope. Pope downed a mere three.
Modern
Etiquette
- ORIGINAL POEMS, for Immediate considera-Send poems to Columbian Publishers. Ltd.. Dept. M87,
BY ROBERTA LEE
v
SEEDS FOR SALE
FOR SALE
HOME GROWN SEEDS. ALL Government grades. Alfalfa, red clover. aleike, timothy, sweet clover. Ask for samples anr prices delly.
The Caledonia Mill-Caledonia. Ont
QUESTIONS
1.	Is It all right to give a reason for not accepting a formal Invitation?
2.	Should one use a fork to place butter on a piece of bread or biscuit?
3.	Isn’t It Improper to send engraved announcements of an engagement?
4.	Should a woman, after the death of her husband, be addressed as “Mrs. Mary Blank” or as "Mrs. James Blank?"
6. Is It necessary for a man to rise when dlrflng. and another man •tops at his table?
6. Is It proper to Introduce one’s self, it one has not met the first member of a receiving line?
CLEAN O.A.C. 21 BARLEY. GRADE No. 1, germination 99%, 75c a bushel, sacks free. O. Broderick, Exeter, Ontario, Route 1.
Steam Brazils.—Brazil nuts are easier to remove from the shells If they are stemmed before crack-
ered to lng Co.
you.
Ltd..
PURE BRED WHITE INDIAN RUNner Ducks, the living egg machines. Eggs $1.00 a dozen, fertility guaranteed. Clarence Clarke, Ethel. Ontario.
ing.
WRITE FOR OUR PRICE LIST UN all kinds of grass and clover seeds. Highest quality and lowest prices. We supply bags and pay. Brown Bros.. Arkona. tarlo.
SEWING MACHINES A SUPPLIES
NURSERY STOCK
Like seed, It is Important to secure nursery stock( roses, shrubs, vines, etc.) from a reputable and reliable source, and one that Is familiar and caters to Canadian conditions. This sort of planting material is offered In a wide range of prices but as a rule cheap stock proves disappointing.
Good stock is pliable, green and shows plenty of live buds. Roots moist and well wrapped to exclude the air. Such will grow readily when planted. Brittle wood, and wrinkled buds or none at all and exposed dry roots are an Indication of inferior stock. If It grows at all, a year or perhaps two are lost before It Is likely to make any real growth.
On-'
CERTIFIED SEED POTATOES — "Warba”. World * earliest potato, large, white, delicious, hardiest, heaviest yielder. Government Certified. 100 strong eyes $1.00 postpaid. S. V. Cowan, Waldeck, Sask.
EXCUSE ME
BUT BIG BEN
GIVES YOU YOUR i MONEY'S , . V WORTH ! 1
RE-
FUR SEWING MACHINES.
pairs, supplies—all makes, new or trade-in, reconditioned machines In stock — Write A. Gilbert & Son. 350 Yonge St., Toronto.
%
SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING—THE finest In used clothing at big reductions. Suits originally $35.00 to $00.00 now $0.00,	$8.00.	$10.
New suits regularly $25.00 at $13.50. Odd coats, pants $2.00, $2.60. Top coat# $5. $4 $7. dies* Spring coats $5. $6. Big 1ng In new dreasea, crepea, eat-ins. at $1.60, $2.00. Send money-order with measurements, age. You take no risk by buying on our money-back guarantee. We pay postage. Ask for catalogue. Canadian Clothing. 409 Yonge St., Toronto.
4>
as

$25 REWARD FOR ANY CORN OR Callous which cannot be removed by Lloyd’s Special Treatment, under our supervision. Prevents return. Bend 65c for complete treatment, regular 75c. Lloyd's-B» 1211 8L Clair West, Toronto.
TOBACCO
r
%

are
•s'-*

m
I
ANSWERS
1.	Yes, If one wishes to do so, though it la not obligatory.
2.	No; the knife should be used.
3.	Yea. This is not done.
4.	The death of the husband of a woman In no way affecta the name by which she ia known. She continuée to be "Mrs. James Blank.”
5.	It la not necessary when there la no grant difference in age. If the man who stops Is elderly, it is very
4-POUND SAMPLE PACKAGE BUft-ley Zimmer, prior leaf, flavoring and recipes, or 3-pound sample package Virginia Burley, Zlmmy-and prior leaf; 2 samples manufactured. $1.00 postpaid. Ruthveh Tobacco Exchange. Ruthven.
EARLY VARIETIES OF FLINT and Dent Corn specially adapted for Northern countries. Write for prices. James Brisley, Thamee-vllle, Ont., Kent Co.
3
V
NEW PLANTS
New grains and fruits are not the only thing that have been occupying the attention of plant breeders in recent years. In vegetables, there have been even more ^Improvements. Scientists have
OnL
y
RARE OLD NEW BRUNSWICK train stamp. 16c with approvals. Letterhead, reference appreciated. Newberry’s, 946 Fort, Victoria,
BC.	__________
„ TRIAL OFFER
®kT0%iï%D/5' 1
TWOTV YEARS EXPERIENCE 7M
ADDRESS PROFESSIONAL# K LONDON ONT. 1 W
“Dept. A"
e
»
nerr baskets and boxes
I
J
"El SSsJSE "S
Basket Co„ Ltd.. Oakville, OnL
car*
for a young man to rise. S. Yea, If this should happen, one should say, "1 am Mrs. Smith."
Issue No. 15 — '39
###PAGE###8###






W*'
"# ’*X
t



,	Founder of Chinese Empire
Gasoline Tax Incrtastd	Prince Chin, after whom3 China
--- e	. is named, lived about 21 centuries
Tax on gasoline was Increased and wss the founder of the Chi-•it noon on Tuesday to bring the ne#e emplre. Up to his time, about current tax in Quebec province to m B c ^ Chlns was but a group eight cents per gallon.	j0f independent principalities, about
---*----- I poo in all. Prince Chin conquered
u a-, jst-jsfTSL» %
Name the World Celle It Emperor shi Huang Tl. To assure
imm mm
¦ I ¦ thieves—all were put to work on this
Those who died on the Job buried within it. When com-

Men! Dress up
Cockshutt—Frost & Wood-Lister
Streamlined Separators
For Spring
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress the new spring shades,
$22.50 and $25.00
Easy to clean-A size for every herd
for itself
Easy to turn HP .	^ _ ..
A close skimmer which quickly pays through increased profits, and who needs increased
profits more than the Farmer ?
x
d’oeuvres, probably rolls at dinner time. 1||| I without giving it a thought.
Yet bread is as varied as the peoples who eat it, observes Martha Harmon in the Philadelphia Record. Europe; the long, six to seven-foot long, white twist is typical of Paris; Mexicans use their tortillas as spoons to lift their other food before consuming the tortillas themselves; the hoe cake cooked in ashes may be the food of the very poor in the South, but it is both nutritious and delicious—and the staff of life.
In the Holy Land, bread is kneaded by slapping it against the stone walls in pieces three feet long and on holy days every loaf is stamped with a design of a saint. In Hungary the people in some small towns bring their first loaves when the new harvest has been garnered and pile these high in the church for the priest to bless.
Egyptian women bake their bread by putting it on the housetops for the hot sun to bake, while ih lower Egypt many desert wives bake their bread over fires in special containers carried along on camelback so they will have fresh bread for the family when the night stop is made and tents put up for the overnight homes.
In the far northern part of Norway, the women make bread as thin as wafers and several feet in diameter and hang it to season and ripen for a couple of months before scrv-
Spring Shirts
By Forsyth
We eat it
wall.
were*
pleted, many centuries after the emperor's death, it was about 2,500 miles long. It is the wall of China.
The empire thus united by Shi Huang Ti did not last. It fell to pieces shortly after the emperor’s death, and was reunited and fell to pieces again many times afterwards.	—
low cash prices on the new 4 RS
Let us quote you our
Models with Stainlew Steele Discs.
Cash Prick
/
Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar
Capacity
300 pounds, With Pedestal....
. $ 76.50 91.50 107.00 124 75 154 00
We have also the “SS” Models with complete
Stainless Steel Bowls
9
4»
450

$1.55 and $2.00
000
e •
14
800
10.»

$1.75 and $2.95
Plover Lives Adventurous Life
Whitehaired boy of migrator* birds, the golden plover, rigidly pro lected by federal laws, lives o most adventurous life. Alone among shore birds, the plover flies a different path going north in the spring than in the fall. On its way from the Argentine to its breeding grounds in the Arctic, it cresses the continent of South America from southeast to northwest and flics over the Gulf of Mexico, reaching the United States at Louisiana.
The “Morgan” Hat,
and Neckwear
Gloves, Hose
Those desiring a cheaper Separator will find the
efficient and a
new
real
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
"Cremo"' Separator very Money JSaver”.
• 4
Cash Price
.	$19 00
22.50 32 50 36.0* 45 00 51 00
Capacity
110 pound*, Le*s Pedestal...*
44
1»
Elmside Women’s Institute
44
44
270
• • •
Farm for Sale ¦¦
Famous Chimes at Matines |	—	A mating of the Blmstde Wot	Being V. . ». .1. 7» B.ngn .f ,W	ip“."Ü «
portance to Brussels. Two tunnels Township of Clarendon, containing 250 ^)ie home of Mr* H. H. Walsh, which connect the banks of the Riv- Lcre#;,n„re or less ; about 100 acres in Mia VV. J. Murray presided eeslst-
ssrr àssrsV- >v	— *w
the cathedral of St. Rombold, arc	E. H. MEE, , The prog,mm wan devoted to
the heaviest and most celebrated in |	Shawvüle, Que. ho,ue	An <fXl,ellei,t
the world.
44
44
330
4 4
44
500
• •
44
44
650
# # »
9.00
Pedestal for Cremo Separator....
Now is the time to place your orders at the new low
Disc Harrows, Corn Planters, Plows,

prices for
Scufflers, Cultivators, Tractors, Fanning Mills,
An excellent paper, prepared by Mrs. W, l). Citmpb'll. entitled Extract# from the .Household Treasure Chest, ’ contained much valuable informa* t on for the homemaker.
Tlie mil call was responded to by giving a household hint.
The next meeting will be held at the home of Mis .) Dods. $	.
Refreshments were served by the hostess and a social hour en
joyed.
, mg
Land Pollers, etc.
be arranged with small
Easy time payments can
carrying charges.
exchange
Horses and Cattle taken in
G. A. HOWARD & SONS
Agents for Frost & Wood Cockshut Machines
QUEBEC
BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
The only low-priced car combininq
!
SHAWVILLB,
Deair-tble block of land containing one and a Imlf «crop, situated in the | towuabip of Clarendon, just
Shawx i' village limits.
| house ai d outbuilding on prop irtjr. For further particulars apply to,
!	Box 134
SbawviUe, Que.
ff
All That's Best at Lowest Cost
uth of Dwelling

u
the House of Commons in 1035 general election, was born at nearby Pointe Chiite, where he served alderman and mayor for several
years.	.	,
Prominent in sports in Montreal
district, he was a past president of the Canadian branch of the Royal Caledonia :Ciirling Club and was associated with other curling clubs and sports organizations.
Mr. Mallette visited Sltawville in the Spring of 1933 with a group of prominent Montreal curlers, when a set of granites won by the local during club were formally presented.
Mrs. Alfred Anderson Dies Suddenly at Campbell s Bay
as
The death occurred suddenly at late residence, Campbell > Bay, oil Thursday morning, April 13th. of Mary Bradley, wife of Alfred Anderson, at the age of 08 years. Mrs. Anderson had not been in the best of health for some years, but seemed quite as usual in the
when Mr. Anderson left for work. On his return at noon, he found her dead in a chair. The coroner, Dr. Renaud, was called and pronounced death due to natural causes and no inquest
necessary.
Mrs. Anderson Thorne township, OS years ago and ielided in Kazuabazua for a number of years after her marriage They moved to Campbell's Bay 31 years ago and have resided there

hei
Reductions on
Memorials
/
if


morn-
6
mg
in


Marble and Granite
4
TOT
Safety First for King and Queen
The forthcoming visit to Canada by Their Majesties King George and Queen Elizabeth will be a triumph of modern safety engineering. From the moment they board the cruiser H.M.8. “Repulse” in England until they arrive home again nearly two months later, practically every present day development in scientific accident prevention will play an important part in protecting the lives and health of the King and Queen The ship which will bring them across the Atlantic will be as safe as human ingenuty can make it Far out at sea, it will be met by convoys of the Canadian naval and air forces. Their function will be to escort the Royal cruiser safely through Canadian waters to its
«luck at Quebec.	HlHiHl
When Their Majesties on Canada’s soil, history will be made. -The arrival of King George VI will mark the first time that any reigning British monarch has visited his Canadian dominion. At that moment, arrangements for the safety of his person that experts have been months in planning will go into effect. x Carefully-trained corps of police will keep enthusiastic crowds of loyal subjects within bounds necessary for tne smooth function ing of the official and public re ception of the King and Queen.
I Unprecedented problems of motor and other types of traffic will have been solved by engineers whose purpose was to ensure that the maximum number of people could enjoy the Royal visit in comfort and safety, consistent with equal comfort and safety for Their Majesties.
E8r
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our year» of experience In the manufacture of memorials, enable» us to produce a memorial at all prices.
We offer Ourf any order placed between now and May 1 at, a discount of 10 percent.
was born in
since.	.	_	_
Besides her husband there are
left to mourn her loss, two sons, Frederick Anderson, ot Cornwall, Lloyd Anderson, Campbell’s Bay ; one daughter, (Lola) e Mrs. Charles Hill, Ottawa ; one brother, Thos. Bradley, of Butte, Montana.
The funeral was held on Sunday afternoon from the late residence, to St. Andrew’s United Church, Campbell’s Bay. where service was conducted by Rev. E. G. Warren. Interment was made in the family plot of the Union Cemetery.


#V.'. . .
!
suitable *

IT TAKES the best in motor car
design, engineering and manufacturing to give the best in motoring results. Today, as al-
Chevrolet brings you the
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.


Walter Henderson Dies unity Hospital
Mrs
At Co
set foot
The death occurred at Shawville Community Hospital on Saturday evening, April loth, of Sarah Ma bel Webb, beloved wife ot Walter K Henderson, of Bristol Mines, in her 36th year.
Mrs. Henderson had been ill tor about two months and she entered the hospital about two weeks ago.
She was born in Bristol township and lived there all of her lifetime. Five years ago she married Walter R Henderson, who is left to mourn her passing with two small children, Edgar and Betty.
The funeral was held from the late home in Bristol and was conducted by Rev, Mr. Extense, of Ottawa, acting minister of Bristol Memorial Presbyterian Church, of which the deceased was a member.	_ ,	..
Interment was made in Norway
Bay cemetery, the pall-bearers being Messrs. Clarence Irwin, Dalton Russell, Verdon Manary, Ted. Chabot. Percy and Mervyn Henderson.
way»,
best in modern motoring at the
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
on .
Hogs, Cattlk, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
lowest cost in purchase price, operation and upkeep. See this
car at our showrooms—tod ay 1

%*»
y
Don't bo satisfkd with anything hot the test-
•A
BUY A CHEVROLET!

Farm For Sal©
CHEVROLET/;

100 acres (square) good land, 70 acres cleared. Frame bouse and newly built barn, in South Hull, 3 mile» from city limita, along Pink highway, schools, rural mail,/ and telephone Electricity available.
Apply to
W. A MUNHARVEY R. R No.
Aylmer East, Que
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Seward
Liberal M Dies on Street
J, Vital Malette, Liberal member of Parliament for Montreal -Jacques Cartier, collapsed and died while walking along the street in Montreal on Monday of

n L. Hudgins
Johr
Shawville,
Church,
Quebec
Main and Centre Ste
SHAWVILLE. - QUE
YOUR CHEVROLE
I FR
BUSINESS .LEADER
BUY FROM
lhMr. M*!ette, who wee elected to
F
Telephone, 3 2060
r T »

i
