###PAGE###1###
ERREUR (S) DE DATE
f’f ' ' 1 f fjn
1
No 45, 56th Yeab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
MAY 6.	19:19
J $1.50 per annum In Advance f 2.00 to the United States
Shawville Women’a Institute will meet at the home of
McDowell on Monday afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Emerson Paul and Youngr—At Shawvil’e Commun May 8th, at two o’clock. The pro- children, of Ottawa, were Sunday ity Hospital, on April 28th, 1939 gram will include an address by guests or their relatives in Mr. N A. Drummond. Roll call— and district.
How to beautify your home and lawn. Mrs. B. C. Horner is the assisting hostess.
The Elmside Women's Institute I of McKee will meet at the home of Mrs. John MUotiû v -, ^	~	.
MB ### mem
.	... p ,, Rifl *’ r and Mr<- E. C. D*hmf.	from the late home to the Roll
‘IFsSSP ;#### SS£?"
wKBÊÊIKKÊÊKIÊÊÊKti
--	. Mr. Harold Pokes, returned Sat-	Bruce—Richardson	i SHAWVILLE nur
TheSfaawville United W. M. S. urd*V from Queen's University, At the United Church Person n„ir, _ "7 V, t „ L,	n	.
met on Thursday night in the Sun- where he graduates in Science, to age, Yarm, Qne , on Wednesday °E17f11	whe	Hodgin9 Building
day School room with an attend- ;P*nd the Summer vacation with morning. April 26th, at 7 o’clock. I Matn Street. Que. ance of nearly one hundred. : The g,18,parente, Rev. A. K. and Mrs. by Rev. R. G. Newman, M. A., B D., president, Mre C N Woodley was *okee.	the marriage was quietly aolero-
#«### ifiifa
'T °r U- •>	»" "“¦>&•	Him Bd„„
eluded choruses and exercises by Mr. and Mrs, W. C. Stark and Horner, cousin of the bride, and the Mission Band ; songe by Claire daughter, Mrs Harold Judd, ac- Mr. Albert McMunn, the groom*ti Rennick and Marjorie Smart : re- companied their son and daughter- half-brother, citations by Ruth Hod gins, Ann in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth The bride wore a charming cos Campbell and Claire Dra|ier. Stark, of Cobden, to Oshawa tume of navy lace over taffeta,
Rev. A. F. Pokes gave a calk on where theÿ spent the week-end small navy hat with matching one of the chapters of the study with relatives.	shoes and gloves and a fox scarf,
book, “The World in Canada."	Mr L A Smart wp	The bridesmaid’s dress was of
'Wm## ss "
Sg££~&F5 SSKiSSTssa
ÈM15 8 *=«=*. -
throughout the past Winter, were Another Milestone	.	, ~T~ u . . .
presented a$ follows :	_____	The funeral of Samuel John
WTra ftSaÆS ««¦•t.	i.u«» SÏÏ 7,o„ h,h2 Z^Vl
won by Mr. J. Gordon anil'Miss « MrV,Hyne'* Sbawville’s hi. bmther, W. T. Crawford, to Lucille Brough Runners,ip were,	h-w completed hi. St. George* Anglican Church,
Misse. Ola Hretelaff and Edith ®?$ufuU Xettr' *nd. T“® Equity Campbell s Bar, where service Currie Mills.	and its readers nil join in wishing was conducted by the pastor, Rev»
Mr. J. P. Wilson's prizes, for hlni 'bon voyage am he embarks D- Andrews. Interment was made men's doubles, were won by Jack on his98th year.	the Union cemetery.
Tolhurst and John Brough Run- . °UI* distinguished old friend is Mr. Crawford died in a Toronto nere-np, Claire Hyndman and Ben in. wonderful physical health with hospital on Thursday morning,
Mid lege.	mind and memory still keen and April 20th, in his 51st year. He
Prizes for mixed doubles, donat- aIert'	had been seriously ill since last
ed by Mr. and Mrs. J. Gordon, '	--- August and was removed to a
ESsS »t. w,iu« v rn,
man.	_	*ome years.	Surgeon Dentist
m ï	~	1 - LSPMWdes his g wife, the formel
Bishop of Montreal	I tv 16 Annual Convention of Rome Young, there are left to
Consecrated	VVomens Institutes of rontiac mourn his loss four sons. Stewart.
--	County will be held m the Sunday Lloyd Earl and Willis, all at home:
The service of consecration andpS	A the Shaw ville four daughters, Pearl. Grace and
enthronement of the Bishop of u!?L imk soon °n ^Vethiesday, Elaine, at home, and Laura, at Montreal, the Right Rev. Arthur X'iX „10tb’	commencing at Robin Hood, Sask ; his father and
Carlisle, took place Tuesday at î.®’00:wjLen report* will be step mother, Mr, and Mrs. John
a-	tt'J »“-r.rb„.£di»l,tthd •*
ritual of the Church of England,	--- Crawford and Irvine Crawford, all
and the large attendance at the The Cenatsbule of Hlnkev of Campbell*» Bay ; Stewart Craw-public reception held in honor of Doodle Town	ford, of Simone, Que.; Frederick
the Bishop and Mrs. Carlisle testi-	_	Crawford of Thornby; four sisters,
ees
WÊmmm
¦ei
PERSONAL MENTION
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
BORN
Shawville Hardware
to Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Young* of Shawville, a eon
town
Held, Qne?, wiîfthè weekend gue»t |	Q“®
neioe, Mrs. George
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha« removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Clean up Time
- - is - -
Paint up Time
on April 29th. 1939, to Mr. and ___j. 8. L Hodge, a daughter.
Mrs
DIED
w. i. comme,
President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
8. W. P. Brand, Family Brand,
$1.20 per quart
1.00 “
v Mar-Not Floor Enamel, 1.35 **
)l Semi-Luster Enamel,	1.50 “
* Wagon & Implement,	1.40 “
tt
EARL AND 0. ROW AT
It
o’e
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate ot* McGill University
ft
MARRIED
Shawville United W. M S
ft
Varnish, Paint Oil, Lead, Dry Colours,
Paint Brushes
«•
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
P.S.—Just Received Car National Cement
Solicitor, etc.
, Office : Campbell’s Bay, Qne (In Lawn Block)
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
¦.A. LL. B., CL. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street
Hull, Que
Phone, Sher. 1354
AtPontia House, Shawville, Que e;sry Friday evening.
SMART NEW
orn
Prises Awarded at
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A.. LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC

Closing of Badminton Club
DRESSES
I

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
A good •selection that 111 * includes most of the new V spring shades. Smartly designed frocks that you'll be deîighted to wear. We invite your inspection.
ed
Dp. R. B. DAGG
* BURGEON DENTIST 60» D

N
*
nd Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE

PLATE A# 6388
$3.96 $4.95
i/ll
$6.50
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Fabric Gloves
BELAI* 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville

o
Phone SI
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
(I
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.

7
JAMES A. MILLAR
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Soft, Suede finish, in Brosser sewn dome styles Beautifully ttilorecf, several smart new shades
Ladies see these at
a. a
• e
Eye, Ear,Nose and Throat Specialist
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull, Que-
Churchman sound tion,
50 cts.
MEDICAL. ARTS BUILDING
1*0 METCALFE STREET,
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every :^Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyie'a Hotel, Campbell's Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7801
the
Ladies’ Purses
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
satiate
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
A smart new line of Ladies’ Bags all the latests shades and designs. Black patents, new leather tan shades, etc.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
l
?
PHONE, 2 22
188 MAIN STREET,
Rev W. 8. Lennon, For Methodist Paetor, Dies
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proadfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’# Bay,
i
« /i
i
$1.95 $2.50
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ME

z
X
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgin. Lt d
QUEBEC
SHAWVILLE,
SHAWVILLE
UE

	
###PAGE###2###
1
i
LITTLE REST DAY OR NIGHT
A New Streamlined Mauretania Near* Completion
.1
/•


Have You Heard

SMS
\x*



sx
Woman With Severe Neuritis
For the benefit of others who may be troubled with the complaint she suffered from, a grateful woman writes.—
"Last May I had a very severe attack of neuritis in the leg, which made it impossible for me to rest during the day, or to get regular sleep at nights—to say nothi of the intense pain.
"Various medicines gave me very little relief, and a friend advised me to give Kruschen a trial, as she had derived benefit from it whilst suffering similarly. 1 am so thankful that T took her advice. From the very first bottle Ï felt relieved, and now I am quite free from pain, and get a good night’s sleep."—(Mrs.) H.C.
Neuritis, like rheumatism, lumbago, and sciatica, is often caused by needle-pointed uric acid crystals, which form as the result of sluggish eliminating organs. Kruschen helps to convert those crystals into a harmless solution, which is removed through the natural channels.

if



0



- >

4

48

i

An attendant in a mental home was making his evening round when he came upon one of the patients industriously fishing in a wash-basin with rod and line.
Wishing to humour the man, the attendant asked him if he had caught anything.
"What!" said the patient, "in a wash-basin! Are you crazy ?"

i


r 0
#

0$




1
%
mg
%


«
%


9
c
ft
\
ft
pas
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
train) t "If
Moth
you're not • good boy I'll •Up you."
Junior: "You do and I'll
(
vv-'
ft
tell the conductor how old I really am."
A dinner invitation should b wered immediately. 6.—Yes, it is far better, and causes much less harm. The old proverb says. "Eating little and speaking little can never <i,o a man hurt." ($.— "To my mother: If I were not her son, I would want to be her husband."
ans-


Modem
Etiquette

"It's lucky that Adam was the only man on earth, when he married Eve."
"How so?"
"Just think how he would have felt, if he had seen his rib walking v.round with another fellow."

BY ROBERTA LEE





1.	—Is it permissible to ask over the phone, "Who" is calling please"?
2.	—What day of the week should a girl choose for her wedding?
3.	—When serving a breakfast between 11 a m. and 12.30, should it be in the form of a breakfast or a luncheon?
4.	—Isn’t it all right to wait for a week before answering a dinner invitation, when one is not sure whether it can be accepted?
6.—Isn’t it better for a person to talk very little instead of too much?
6.—What is a good toast for a son to offer to his mother?
Answers
Yes. The person calling should inform one who it is without the necessity of being asked. 2.—This is altogether a matter of choice; one may choose any day desired. 3.—A luncheon. 4.—No.

%



Gardening
Laundry Tips.—Before you put
new curtains into the washer, soak them in four tablespoons of salt to each four cups of water.
"Didn't I shave you about a fortnight ago, sir?"
"No; I got that scar in France."

A view of the new Cunard White Star Liner S.S. Mauretania, as it nears completion at the shipyard in Birkenhead, Eng. The vessel’s streamlined beauty is a far cry from the appearance of its beloved namesake, the former British queen of the seas. The new Mauretania will sail from Liverpool on her maiderf voyage on June 17.
NO HURRY
The average amatou. starts operations days or sometimes weeks too soon and stops long before satisfactory operations can be continued. With the general run of vegetables and flowers, there is no advantage in getting things in while there is still danger of serious frost. One set-back from a cold day or two completely offsets the early start and may indeed mean replanting the whole garden. This caution of course does not apply to the hardiest vegetables or flowers or to grass seed. These should be sown just as soon as grass it fit to work.
A SHORT CUT
For a short cut the gardener is advised to purchase a certain quantities of started plants of both flowers am. vegetables. These are usually purchased from the greenhouse, florist or seed house. It is important to get the varieties wanted and on this account it is an excellent idea t< consult a good Canadian seed catalogue before placing the order. The gardener can look over the various varieties offered in the catalogue and should make sure that the particular varieties wanted are in the boxes of plants bought.
Among the flowers which can be purchased as started plants are cosmos, zinnias, petunias, marigolds, salpiglossis, nicotine and a host of others. Cabbages, celery, tomatoes, head lettuce, egg and pepper plants in the vegetable line are all cold as started plants.
MOST FOR MONEY
Those with only a little land to spare should concentrate on those vegetables which give the biggest returns for the smallest space occupied. Among such kinds are beans, carrots, onions, lettuce, swiss chard, spinach, cucumbers and beets. In the lesser-known vegetables are leeks, egg and pepper plants, broad beans and cos lettuce. These can all be grown in almost any part of Canada. Experts advise the inclusion of something new in the vegetable line each year so that variety can be gradually widened.
Rural Resident: "It's simply fine to wake up in the morning and hear the leaves whispering outside your window.”
City Man: "It's all right to hear the leaves whisper, but I never could stand hearing the grass moan.”

these Î0 herbs In your daily cup of
DRINKS* HOT WATER
maximum crops. This was due to its deficiency in phosphoric acid, a discovery made when the stimulating action of ground bones on crop growth was observed.
The original superphosphate,
produced by Laxves of England in 1842, was made by treating bone with sulphuric acid. Subsequently, the mineral phosphate rock was substituted for bone, with results no less satisfactory, and the process, identical in principle, continues to this day.
Need For Potash
It was not until 1860 that the need for potash in fertilizers was demonstrated by Liebig of Germany. Since then no addition has been made to the list of "essential” fertilizer constituents, and a "complete” fertilizer is one containing nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash in available forms. Superphosphate constitutes usually more than half the weight of the fertilizer mixture.
Superior superphosphate of Canadian manufacture is prepared by improved mechanical process. As sources of nitrogen there are now at the disposal of the manufacturer the following materials containing the percentages of nitrogen shown in brackets: nitrate of soda (16), sulphate of ammonia (20), ..cyanamid (22), ..urea-
ammonia liquor (45), urea (46), etc. The fixation of atmospheric nitrogen* by electro-chemical means yield these materials.
Proper selection of materials, their blending, processing and curing demand the application of skill and science by manfacturers of modern fertilizers for Canadian farmers.
I Farm Forum !
Add (ht juke of GARFIELD TEA # 10 herb# to loosen harmful undigested, tJimgimt wastes. Makes youf cup of hot water taste better sad work more THOROUGHLY to clean our intestinal wastes and help you look, feel sad work better. At dnt$gitti—IOc 6 25r. rnrr I • $••* I cent pettol for
I- If Est I MH SAMHI-U
CAUD. - I OorWd Tea Co., lue., lAIVIrLEi Dept.
FERTILIZERS NOW AND THEN
Canada is a comparatively new country agriculturally, but her vaunted virgin soils are being fast depleted by cropping, by drifting and by erosion. Fortunately, the need for restoring lost fertility is now becoming recognized generally. History repeats itself, and the experience of British farmers of nearly 100 years ago has been that of Canada more recently, says B. Leslie Emslie, chemist-agronomist.
Original Superphosphate
Farmyard manure, the old stand-by, and still justly esteemed for its unique qualities, proved eventually inadequate to produce
"1 can think of nothing sadder than a man without a country."
A country without
1.
• ••
a man."
GARFIELD TCP
"Triangle" width is another name for skirts of dresses with a petticoat look.
i
1 Close Avenue.
Toronto .*!, du. .li
Dept. 03
Classified Advertising..
AUKNTS WANTED
PERCHERONS FOR SALE
BEST PROPOSITION ON MARKET —Ladles' and Gents' Furnishings. Write for full particulars. Reliable Agencies. 213 Victoria Street Toronto.
BLACK AND GRAY PERCHERONS. 2 Stallions. 2 Mares with foal, S Allies. 1 stud colt 15 months old. Joseph H. Anderson, Route 1, XVaterdown, Ont.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED
PHEASANT EGGS FOR SALE
sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. H. Phillips Company Limited, Osborne Avenue, Toronto.
to
BATHROOM OUTFITS FOR SALE
Ha* Raised Fish Consumption
PH BASANT HATCHING EGGS FOR Hale or exchange for other game birds. E. M. Williams, Kcntvllle,
IF YOU INTENT) INSTALLING A Bathroom outfit or water system write for free Illustrated catalogue with prices. Free estimates on installations. The J. F. Crow-toy Company. Dundas, Ontario.
N.ti.
A\ I AVION OPPORTUNITY
LEARN TO FLY NOW AT LOW
modern Liv-for out-of-FI I e rs limited.
SE1MXG MACHINES * SUPPLIES
cost. Efficient tralnln equipment Including Ing quarters provided town students.
Barker Airport, Toronto.
g — n Radio.
FOR SEWING MACHINES. REpairs, supplies—all makes, new or trade-in, reconditioned machines In stock — Write A. Gilbert U Son. 35U Yonge tit.. Toronto.
HAIR coons
WIGS. TOUPES, lions. Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalo liai terms arranged, an Hair Supply Co. 628 BatbureL Toronto
TRANSFORMA-
F, WÊ
Wx
BABY CHICKS

1
\
gue. Conflden-Toronto Hum-
SEED FOR SALE
STARTED CHICKS FOR SALE DON'T MISS THESE STARTED Chick Bargains. Standard Quality two week old Barred Rocks 812.60, Pullets 819.95, Cockerels 89.00. New Hampshire Red Cockerels 88. Three week old add .03c. Big Egg Quality add ,01c. Extra Select add .02c. Ask about our ready made capons. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
V
AIÜIKE 88 bu.. TIMOTHY 82.60 bu Red Clover 88 bu.. Sweet Clover 82.25 bu. Ir:	g
grade. No. 1 Timothy No. 1 Red $9.00 bu., N Sweet $3.00 bu. E. W. Mc K a gue, R. No. 3, Woodvllle, Ontario
*
HUNTERS' SECRETS
Above seed all No. 3
$3.60 bu 0. 1 W. B.
#
HUNTERS* AND TRAPPERS SEC-HUNTERS* AND TRAPPERS' SEC-Mink, Fox and Beaver.
Legitimate plana. $3.00 at once. George Green, Box 106, Richmond, Indiana, USA.
NO. 1 IMPROVED BANNER OATS, 97% germination, 70 cents per bushel. Bags free. Angus Clarke, Cold water, Ontario.
BABY CHICKS FOR SALE
YOU WANT THE CHICKS YOU buy to make money for you. Don’t let chick lossca cut down your profits. Buy Bray Chicks. They arrive alive and keep on living. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North. Hamilton. Ontario.
JOBBERS-AGEXTS-CANV ASSERS
THE MOST COMPLETE LINE OF
Novelties, Razor
Smallwaree,
Blades, Dry Goods, Cosmetics, assembled In à new mammoth Illustrated catalogue, wholesale prices obtainable — big profite. Free catalogue. Dept. 3. Phillips Sales Reg d, 72 Craig W., Montreal. Que.
SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING
FOR SALE
The lowest
SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING—THB finest In used clothing at big reductions. Suits orlglually $36.00 to $60.00 now $6.00, $8.00, $10. New suits regularly $26.00 at
12.60.	Odd coats, pants $100,
2.60.	Top coats 85, $6, $7. !-*• -les' Spring coats $5. $6. Big saving In new dresses, crepes, sat. Ins, at $1.50, $2.00. Send money-order with measurements, a_ You take no risk by buying on our money-back guarantee. Wo pay postage. Canadian Clothing, 409 Yonge St., Toronto.

What Science
BUY BRAY CHICKS NOW. CASH in on high Fall egg prices. Bray chicks lay early, lay heavily and keep on laying. They will make real profits for you. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
/
rAiKAT»

is
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Company, Registered. Patent Attorneys. 271 Bank 8L. Ottawa, Can.
The Hon. J. E. Michaud, Dominion Minister of Fisheries with V, P. Reid, Toronto industrialist, appear above. Speaking from Toronto over a nationwide network to participating service clubs, the Minister reported that consumption of Canadian Ash had increased from 21 to 30 pounds per capita.
Doing
COCKERELS A CAPONS FOR SALE COCKERELS AND CAPONS. HERE are some genuine bargains In Cockerels and Capons. Cockerels Barred Rocks or New Hampshire Reds Grade A Day Old .06c, week old .09c, three week old . Extra Profit add 01c, Special Mating add ,02e. Three week old Capons heavy breeds Grade A .23c, Leghorns .20c, Extra Profit add .01c, Special Mating add ,02c. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario.

*
PHOTOGRAPHY
two
12c.
More low necks than you've met by daylight in a long time, not only for the bona fide afternoon frocks, but for the more dressed-up type of sports dress.
TWO FREE PROFESSIONAL 81L vertone enlargements and valuable premium coupons free with •very film developed and printed for 25c, or with eight super-gloss reprints for 25c. Personal skilled attention, to every order. Cut ltate quality would cost you more elsewhere! Cut Rate Photo Service, Dept B21. Box 236 Regina,
MENTAL CURE IN FOOD
Chemists are to try food as a remedy for a numerous class of human half-wits—to see whether food can make better brains.
The imbecility to be treated with diet is a new type discovered in 1934 by Dr. A. Foiling of Oslo, Norway. The report says it attacks one person out of every 26,000.
STRAWBERRY PLANTS FOR 8ALB
HIGHEST QUALITY STRAWBERRY Plants: Premier, Fairfax, Dorsett, 100 - $1.25, 1000 - $8.00. Hardy, llly-of-the-valley plants: 6 - 26c, 35 - $1.00. Plants guaranteed satisfactory. Chas. A. Krueger. Wal-kerton, Ontario»!
BUILDING MATERIAL FOR SALE
"cran Engineer Will Pilot Royal Train
FILMS DEVELOPED ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 26c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY 3 RUSSELL 6Th TOR-
SPECIAL TREATMENT
PRICED EXCEPTIONALLY LOW to clear. We have 160 clay tile pipe 30" diameter, 2" wall, suitable for springs or wells: 160,000 square feet heavy wire screen 2" mesh; 2,000 street car sash, 8,000 feet 10" heavy galvanized culvert, also lumber, doors, fence posts, pipe columns, rails, pipe, fittings, valves, cable, brick, atone. Everything for your building. Frankel Brothers Ltd. Established 1886. Eastern Avenue at Broadview, To-
125 REWARD FOR ANY CORN OR Callous which cannot be removed by Lloyd's Special Treatment, der our supervision. Prevents return. Send 66c for complete treatment, regular 75c. Lloyd'#-B, 1211 8L Clair West, Toronto.


2%
-
un-
SUBSTITUTE FOR BLOOD TRANSFUSION
Successful use of an abdominal fluid as a substitute for blood in transfusions is reported by Dr. H. A. Davis, of the University of Tennessee. •
Dr. Davis said the liquid is citic fluid and is chemically the same as blood except that it lacks the cellular or corpuscular structure.
DUAL-PURPOSE SHORTHORNS
DUAL PURPOSE
FOB* SALM
Shorthorns fresh cows and springers. baby bulla. Red yearling bulls, heifers. Accredited. Negative. Apply Arwood Harman, King.



STALLION FOR SALE



YEAR OLD registered and
A GOOD BLACK 3 Percheron Stallion, enrolled. Henry Hulse, Queens-vllle, Ontario.
ronto. GLadstone 4631.
>
%
¦




CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high rinte ISo. 8 enlarged prints 26c. Reprints same price. Brlght-llng Studio. 18A Richmond Street East, Toronto.




Three-piece Used Chesterfield Suite, repp covering, first class *iq CA
condition ............... #10.00
Three-piece Used English Velour Chesterfield Suite, completely reconditioned
»¦
TOBACCO

4-POUND SAMPLE PACKAGE UUfile/ Zimmer, prior leaf, flavoring and recipes, or 8-pound sample package Virginia Burley, Zimmer and prior leaf; X samples mu null.00 postpaid. Rutbyep Exchange. Ruthven. Out-
$24.50
• •
I'KltMOXAL
factui e<l.
Tobacco
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers' daughters. Widows with
berta.
CHEAP NEW EXPLOSIVES
Two new high explosives of cheap and limitless production, are announced by the head of Purdue University’s department of Chemistry.
Air, steam, natural gas sad a catalytic agent are all that is required for their manufacture it le
OS Rie
y _ PfBP. TIRES FOR SAI E * _ -
2060 Ü8ED TT FIES-—Mc UP FOB y truck or car. Retreads guar-teed twelve months:	dealer#
wanted. Ask for free prie# list. Merrick Tire Co., 12.1 King SL W„ Hamilton. ....	_
DAHLIA TUB45H9
DAHLIA
different «del. Mlmlco.
12 GIANT DECORATIVE Tubers labeled $1.00, 25 82.00 postpsld. M. Sn Ont
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Insapensively. Home remedy. Tee-
an
Advice



FOB SALE


IF YOU WANT AN AFF ntlc sweetheart.
Mary Lee. 445-0, Ro
IONATE money, Ha. Mis.
CERTIFIED SEED POTATOES — ••Warba", World's earliest potato, large, white, delicious, hardiest, heaviest yield er. Government Certified. 100 etrong eyes 8L00 postpaid. 8. V. Cowan. Waldeck,
WANTED

said.
write:
souri.

BACHELOR WANTS GIRL OB young- woman, Protestant, for Housekeeper on farm, able t# milk. Good home for reliable per-To Bo* 20, Room 421, TS Adelaide SL West, Toronto.

r*
HALTS PROGBESS OF T.B.
Human tuberculosis has been completely arrested in about 100 guinea pigs by a new form of sulfanilamide. :<	r
The pigs were not cured, but the disease was entirely stopped from spreading and the animals lived in good health until killed
t*£*h<- r vertex - rcsuMg
^dictions are made dj
whether the new drug will be useful to human beings. T

HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free book! tara regarding easeful hybiood treatment Pedl-greed Product», Saskatoon, Bask.


et and full partieu our amaslngly sua-

son
KARLY VARIETIES OF FIANT and Dent Corn specially adapted for Northern countries. Write for Price#, James Brlaley. villa Onu Kent Co.
WANTED — ORIGINAL POEMS, song#, for Immediate consideration. Send poeme to Columbian Music Publishers, Ltd , Dept M87. Toronto, Canada.
- TRIAL OFFER

FRUIT BASKETS AND BOXES
PLANT BOXES, BERRY BOXES,
Hamper#.
U
SBCtCanida next month. Engineer îeolere was a flreaw on the royal ?rain of 1901.

Baskets


PROSTATE
ErS
ery. Alfr Salat Paul, Minn.
u
<m
TV
t.
rn




edit,
Issue No. 17 — *39
A"


%
###PAGE###3###
/
f
## »
The Age of Chivalry Is Not Yet Dead
8 Pallbearers Aren’t Enough
At Funeral In London, Out., Of 600-Pound .Woman
From the sultry, showy place In the city of Hyderabad, capital of this south central Indian province, the nlsam wields his power over some 14,000,000 subjects. In a huge red and gold room he directs the routine business of bis native state, reaching decisions quickly. He attends his official duties with utter lack of ceremony. He wears the simplest attire. On state occasions, however, he stages vast Oriental splendor.
Rules 14,000,000 Subjects Fabulously wealthy, the nlsam is said to be worth $600,000,000. Yet he Is virtually a prisoner la his own land. Ancient customs decree that he shall never leave Indian shores. Actually he never leaves the capital city, even during the torrid summers.
VOICE
„ X

r-

Parliamentary Doings .

$4


WmMmw'*

' of the


fev*
#
Wl#& Oeterlo’M



PRESS

'WO



Lejlelelore,

Mr*. Dominic Pallarla, believed to be the largest woman in Ontario if not all Canada, weighing 600 pound*, was laid at rest In St. Peter’s cemetery, London, Ont., early In April.
An 18-piece band preceded the funeral cortege in parade formation to St. Peter’s Cathedral, where requiem high mass was sung.
The band, which consisted entirely of brass Instruments, was comprised of members of the London Veterans’ Band and members of the old London Marconi Club Orchestra.
.V
wiÈ*




ÜY IS ICI) Y

m
n
APPEASEMENT BUTTER
One thing they never thought of in appeasement was giving Germany some New Zealand butter. —Hamilton Spectator.
PARLIAMENTARY DOINGS
This business of governing gets serious at times .... so serious in fact that last week Ontario’s M. L. A s were asked to spend every evening as well as every afternoon (from 3 to 6> in the House passing bills and things .... Heavy was the agenda, with motions being introduced right and left to amend Almost every Act on the statute books .... sometimes the amendment amounted solely to the correction of a typographical error, but it had to be dealt with just the same. , . .
Into the midst of this preoccupied (wit j official business) atmosphere, was precipitated the Strange Case of the University Professors Who Refused to Conform . . . . Busy members on both sides of the House dropped their papers, eyeglasses and don’t-bother-me air to give full attention to this ripe, Juicy
tchk!” on every bend, and "let me at 'em" .... You all know what it was that Professor Orube of Trinity College said that he shouldn’t bave (that Canada's expenditure lor defence would only be a contribution in support of British imperialism), but Professor Underhill's alleged utterances ttchk! tchk!) are only vaguely reported .... something about hanging out woollen flags which would shrink like the British Empire Is shrinking
And the question of free speech Ip a democratic country had to be gone into all over again .... Uiere's nothing like A little free speech now and then to stir people up and get everybody good and mad at the other fellow but pleased with themselves. . . .


t
\

t

THE NEW CRUSADERS Agnes MacPhail visualizes women as crusaders for world peace. Perhaps, but not in those new spring hats.—Kitchener Record.
ï,
r
1
Tanneries Use
Cattle Hide#
TOURISTS MAKE UP FOR IT Canada’s unfavorable trade balances with the United States in 1988 was almost $68,000,000. That is where a tourist trade balance in favor of Canada helps out.—Sault Daily Star.
Largest Coffin Ever Eight husky pall-bearers and two funeral home attendants had difficulty bearing the weighty -coffin, the largest ever constructed In London, measuring 36 inches by six feet, six inches. The total weight of coffin was more than 600 pounds.

I
t
4

Cattle hides comprise the principal material used In the Canadias tanning industry, which Is now one of the chief manufacturing Indus tries In the Dominion. Approxlas ately 70 per cent, of the cattle hides come originally from Cans dlan farms, the remainder being imported. A similar percentage ap piles to the next important mater lal "calf and kip skins", while sheep skins usually attain a fifty fifty basis, fifty per cent. Canadias and fifty per cent. Imported. As cording to the latest statistics the total number of hides and aklne used In the Industry in 1937 vrai 8,476,801, of which 2,313,977 were Canadian and 1,169,824 of forelgi origin.

it

LEFT PRETTIEST AT HOME
A member of the Post staff, following a holiday in Florida, tells us that he saw only one pretty girl from the time he left Toronto on the way south until he returned to this snow-crusted land. —Lindsay Post.
FROM FARM TO UNIVERSITY
The statement of Premier Hepburn that Ontario Universities are cluttered up with the sons and daughters of wealthy people will not go down very well with the farmers who make sacrifices to put their sons in the professions. There have been thousands of them In the past who have made distinguished contribution to their country.—St. Catharine Standard.



The Richest Man Lives In India
2%



"Tut! tut! tchk!
• see
World's Mort Wealthy Individ-
c
bad, U Thought To Be Worth $600,000,000.
i
Master John Kershad ably demonstrated that the age of chivalry!________
yet dead in England as he presented Queen Mary with a purse, when she officiated at the opening of the new holiday home for working mothers at Stansted, Eng. After making the presentation, Master Kershaw bowed like a closing jackknife, but his performance evidently aroused the royal mirth of the Queen Mother.
is not
Picturesque, a character who might have stepped out of the Old Testament, the Nlsam of Hyderabad conducts one of the strangest reigns of modern time; rule of the richest man In the world.
Doubts Value
Of Bombings
NTARIO
UTDOORS
• • e s
GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN CANADA _
U. S. Envoy Says Civilians Become Accustomed to Raids —Morale Can’t Be Broken That Easily.
LOAN SHARKS
Govrnment action at Ottawa, to bring down legislation designed to curtail the operations of loan sharks, wins widespread attention and approval. The topic aroused considerable interest when the Hon. Mr. Haley forecast its introduction. Reaction in the press of many parts of Canada has been fSYPrable, and the introduction of such legislation in the Upper House by Senator Dandurand has stimulated the laudatory comment. —Halifax Chronicle.
By VIC BAKER
m
ANTICIPATING MAY lei
Many thousands of Ontario's anglers are eagerly anticipating the opening of the trout season on May 1st as the month of April slowly wends its way through the calendar. This important date in the angler’s almanac introduces a long season of outdoor happiness and piscatorial thrills.
April 1st may be “all fools” day and lend itself to the perpetration of practical jokes of doubtful humour, but May 1st spells freedom from the social conventions of “soup and fish” , leaving us free to eliminate the soup and just fish. As a rule, most anglers have put away their equipment by October, not because they are tired of fishing, but because the climate and closed seasons force them to desist. Therefore, it seems a long time between bites and so as the season once more approaches we are all on edge and “ratin’ to go.”

Bombing of civilian populations In an effort to break their morale proved a boomerang In the recent Spanish civil war, says Claude O.
Bowers, Ü. S. ambassador to Spain for the last six years.
“Instead of breaking down the morale," he said, “the effect seemed to be very perceptibly a stiffening of the morale of the people—a rise In their resentment.	.	e
“The first effect on the civilian. I Taiïlinff WolVFfi populations, of course, was to I	®
throw them into a state of terror. I	WoiYIFFl ShîIiIaI*
The amazing thing, however, Is 1	VIHCil OmUUXr
that In a very short time—a matter of weeks only—they become accustomed to It and hardened to It.”
Stormy petrel of the Conservative Party, “Holly" Acres, provided the House with some squally scenes when he accused the Liberal member for Temlskaming of certain practices and attacked the administration for Its lack of constructive policy toward the relief of unemployment getting something .... because the rampant unemployment, particularly among the youth of this country, is a heap sore spot with •very parliamentarian in small haHs and great
tre at every feast, and a skeleton In most legislative closets today in Canada .... The situation improves not a whit while over the past nine years $900,000,000 has been spent in the Dominion for unemployment relief, direct and Indirect. A constructive policy of works projects is Indicated as the Immediate solution.
Symbolically, the wolf was at the door of the Ontario Parliament Buildings last week, but it was only Joe LaFlamme's tame wolf from Sudbury, accompanied by his master ... . but more than one M. 1* A. was seen to start at the apparition.
«A
I
i
A MILD
Now you're
• es#
R^K^ACfO
V-1 Vv Mi\t
55<
Va LB. TIN
There's a spec-
\
Joe La Flamme, of Gogama, Ont., is 60 years of age, six feet tali, weighs 250 pounds, sports a full beard and long silver hair; he talks brokenly, as you would expect of a trapper from the hinterlands of Ontario; he wears moccasins; as he talks, his almost black eyes spar-I kle. Joe, you know, is believed to be the first man in history to have worked a full team of wild wolves as sled doge, and he looks the part.
He has the distinction of having the first wolves that ever flew In an airplane. He brought them to Sudbury by air for his sportsmans' show, says a writer in the Windsor Daily Star.
Joe didn't begin training wild wolves because he wanted to be a showman. The reason was much more practical. At first a trapper, and now a prospector and assessment worker, he remembers that back in 1923 he was trapping. There were plenty of sled dogs, but a plague of distemper struck, and the dogs were dying off like flies. He trapped bis first wolf then and got the idea of using her in his sled pack.
At this point, he drew a parallel between wolves and women, a philosophy of which be is a strong disciple. "Wolves are like women," he said. "When you meet dem for de firs' time, you mus’ be ver' gentle. Aften ten year you have to j watch for frying pan and de sticks.
If you know how to handle women, you' can handle wolf. De more women, de more danger. De more I wolf de more danger."	I
• e • e
Also in 10c Packages and 25c Tins
p
The
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
BOOK SHELF
Wlll-YUM
By ELIZABETH EEDY
L\A
WE WONDER
As May 1st this year falls on a Monday, we wonder if the Ontario Fish and Game Department will be kind enough to advance the opening date for trout fishing to Saturday, April 29, to give us an extra weekend. Last year the opening date was advanced to April 30th and anglers were enabled to hie themselves away to their favourite stream on the preceding Saturday for a week-end of fishing.
THE CASE OF THE CRUMPLED
KNAVE
By Anthony Boucher

»
M a
The telegram so startled Colonel Rand that he took the next plane to Los Angeles.
He arrived Just in time to be an invaluable witness at the Inquest on Humphrey Garnett's body.
Dead by poison, and in his hand the clue that pointed to the murderer—a crumpled Jack of diamonds.
Colonel Rand knew the significance of the crumpled knave. But he didn’t know anything about the "Hector" mentioned in that amazing telegram.
Many detective story writers are masters of the double bluff. In "The Case of the Crumpled Knave" Anthony Boucher triples It, and proves conclusively that the hand of the writer is quicker than the eye of the reader.
It's an "Inner Sanctum" mystery.
"The Case of the Crumpled Knave,” by Anthony Boucher . • Toronto: Mutton Book Co. • , $2.25.
The Opposition busied itself with Inquiries- into various "deals ’ the Government is reported to have made with such companies as the Lake Sulphite, Abitibi and Pulp-wood Supply .... The Lake Sulphite Company were granted large areas of extremely valuable timber but before they reached production they went Into liquidation. The Abitibi company has been in liquidation for upwards of seven years and the government has been in the "picture" in every attempt at reorganization.
«
•0



Ab fc /'
• •


/

NYLON FISHING LEADERS
A new fishing leader, which will not fray, split or become brittle, is invisible in water and possesses elastic qualities permitting a uniform "give” of about one inch per foot and suming normal length much the same action as a rubber band, is now available to the Canadian angling world.
Designed to fill the place place among the fishing fraternity now occupied by Spanish silk-worm gut, the new leader is on the market in standard weights and lengths, both level and tapered. ,
&
re-
The Dig Question Mark: What Stand will Premier Hepburn take In the next federal election? (It b recalled that while Mr. Hepburn has stated he will not aid Mr. King, he has not gone the length of definitely stating that Conservative Leader ft. J. Manlon can count on him for all he can give).
with
0
A

x
0


I &2sû sY&Aç-xp. 3-Z
“1 think I'll go over and sit on the sofn for n while . • • I can’t mala
any money playing hero with yon.”
Dropped shoulders to go with dropped fullness in sleeves for a new style gesture, “dropping" lines.
• •
Next week we shall review the session in its perspective as soon as the clouds and the smoke have rolled away.
WONDERLAND OF OZ
By Frank Baum
His German Toe
Made A Rumpus
2»
m
r\\
*


- Hcr. fl. M. Hamnett of Calgary had one of his big toes which was grafted from the amputated foot of a German soldier during the Great War, removed last week because it had been “kicking up" during recent European crisis. “It's the first time since the to# grafted to my foot that it tad acted up,” Hamnett said. § “Perhaps I’d «better ask Hitler what to do with it now that it’s
removed ”	3	.... g



o

i
\

*
V
t
U«
*
r

SI.
b

V
fi
c
Sv
4k
?
For n while the King was thoughtful.
I am almost sorry we did mot undertake
the conquest alone.” said he. "All of these allies are dangerous people and they may demand more than you have .promised them. It might have been hatter to < <i.uer Os without any "We rouid not do It,” said the Oenem positively. "Why not. Ouphr
”1 don't know what became ef that ben.
but I believe there are no more hens in
Os now. so there could be no eggs there."
"On the contrary,” said Ouph, "there are hundreds of chickens In üi I met a hawk
“'viiat was because they rolled egg# at
replied the King, with a shudder.
My gnomes can't stand eggs any more th«n I can. They are poison to all who live underground.” "That la true enough." agreed Ouph. "But we might have tsJien
them ti<
They
Uuph. “We'll send our allies first and by GW we get there, the egg* will be 2TTT . Ü Fhrhaos.” returned the King, but 1 want It understood that Owns and
grçSw «as
them here and transform them Into oma-
Bit, .sa siiüm as-jtr
, il*2r,,,wiw read7 ,B thre* days,*! 1 • *"' fr* nf.
vuH l need to luce in

1 V
Nearly 3,000 waitresses and fiancera accepted the invitation of the police of Tokio to gather in a lull and hear a friendly discussion ef public morals and the part they
jar's present emergen-
Uc

on my way home whoa told me he had
outside assist ur
c.'
people by surprise and conquered
had a chance to get id the King. "Our former e to the fact that Dorothy
been there a had
"Very to fight
I had aeen them." "That Is said the King, nervously, eed. My gnomes are willing simply can't face eggs, n’t Mime them ”

report bad. In
i.
my
You k r
• '
Iff#
T OU
ei
1.1
Cf
vu i inv >
1 fH
( h m
hgp *
1 A
i
###PAGE###4###

THE EQUITY
i:
United Kingdom Pass Conscription By 376 to 145 Vote
This Week
HODGENS
GARAGE
SHAWVILIE, MAY 4th 1939
British Parliament gave the world in general, and Chancellor Hitler in particular, notice on Thursday night of last week, that the nation was prepared to sacrifice even its long cherished traditions in order to halt Fascist aggression in Europe
By a vote of 370 to 145, the House of Commons endorsed the Chamberlain (Government's sudden decision to conscript immediately 200,000 men of 20 years of age, thus adding conscription to Britain’s recru tin g system for the first time in modern history durit g peace. The House of Lords early apptoved the decision without a record vote.
New Silver Dollars Available Early in This Month
The new silver dollar, struck to commemorate the forthcoming visit of the King and Queen to Canada, will be available to the public early this month. Through the co-operation of the Post Office Department the coin will be available at post offices in places where there are no local branch banks.
We have a car of C.I.L. Free Flowing Fertilizer to arrive ; also a car of Rennies No 1 Seed Corn expected.
Tour order large or small will be filled
to your satisfaction
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
Quebec Approves Cut In Legislature
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
Measure for redistribution of Quebec electoral divisions, with reduction of their number by four, was approved on Wednesday of last week by the Legislative Assembly. The Assembly sat more than half an hour after midnight before the bill carried on a 42-18 vote.
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
for Destroying Lice
We are still paying Highest Market Prices for Red Clover and Alfalfa.
Call 28-j for quotations.
Look These Models Over
The reduction in the number of divisions from 90 to 86. with the same reduction in the number of representatives in the Assembly, will be effected by re shuffling the counties of Riviere du loup, Kamouraska, Chateauguay, La-prairie-Napierville, Richelieu, Vercheres, Vaudreuil and Boulanges.
In Montreal district, a general redistribution will be carried out, with delimitation of several entirely new divis ions. Montreal’s representation will be left at 15, however.
on
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC’O-
\
1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
i
British Motor Fees $187 For Light Car
!
I The best car value
Reductions on
Memorials
Plan to Train Royal Air Force Pilots in Canada
X
is a good used car
The British budget of Tuesday of last week added materially to the load of British motorists increasing the license cost from 15 shillings (13.75) per horsepower to 25 shillings (|6 25) per horse-
THE CORNER STORE
X
X
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
Defence Minister Mackenzie last week announced pilots for the Royal Air Force will receive training in Canada with the Royal Canadian Air Force under an agreement between the governments of Canada and Great
Britain.
They will receive their training at the Trenton and Camp Borden establish ments and will share in a greatly expanded training scheme for the Canadian forces. This involves the creation of a new class of short service officers for Canada s air defence.
In a two-hour review of the accom-
plisbments and plans of the National ndopled, save and 0ll|y ,he motion
Defence Department, Mr. Mackenzie ainp the Auditor, which should formerly introduced in the Commons rfad if the ,,rice ¦„ satisfactory.-the Government s $<33,000,000 defence (\UTied
program for the present year.	I Councillor Judd entered and took his
Training of British pilots in Canada seAt at tbe boar(1
was the subject of debate in parliament ‘ The foUowing biMs were presented for last session and negotiations looking to approva| it have been proceeding quietly for I q'q § \ ucas
nearly a year.	W. A. Hodgina . ...	’...
While the final detailed technical m Hodgins, gravel...............
arrangements have still to be completed p ^ Horner'
it is possible to say now that agreement Arthur Horner, two sheep killed has been reached on a scheme whereby by s
pilots from the United Kingdom "ill Road Foreman Brownlee............
come to Canada to be given the inter- jn<T roA(j
mediate and advanced stages of training jM j„dd 10 bags potfttoea for
under the auspices of the department .
Mr. Mackenzie stated.
“The duration of the scheme will be
three years. It is contemplated that
the number of pilots coming will not
exceed 50 in any one year.”
in
J. L. HODG1N8
\
Marble and Granite
power.
A low-price Canadian car with a 30-horsepower rating would coat its British $187 60 for a license, compared with the $7 to $10 license charge for a similar car in Ontario price car with an Ontario tax fee of $15 would be assessed $225 in Britain.
Molt Britishers use automobiles with Clarendon Council met on the above [eight to ten horsepower, paying license date, present, Mayor Barr, and Council- fees of $55 to $62.50. lors Hanna, Grant and Whelen.	British drivera pay about 47 cents a
Minutes of last meeting read and |gallon for gasoline, which includes
18 cent tax.
SH A WViLLE.
Phone 64-J.
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience iu the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
owner
A medium
Clarendon Council

May 1st, 1939
DALE’S TINSHOP
an
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
. April 25th, 1939
A meeting of South Onslow School Board held on above date at the usual place ot meeting. Members present,
J. H. Henderson, chairman, and a full Board of Commissioners.
On motion of Comr Amm the minutes
SSESS SœSSë
for No. 1 School was accepted.	I Doodle Tmvn *’ on Thursday and
On motion of Comr. Burden, the fob , {?ri,lay evening, May 11th and 12th lowing bills were ordered paid viz	in the 8hawvil|e Theatre. A paste
S. W Mac Kerb me, work at No l $16.50 ()f about 50 will present the play,
Hodgins’ Lumber Co,... 2.07 an(| besides the highly humorous
Quyon Hardware. ...... 3 9S dialogue will introduce drills and
On motion of Comr Young the meet- ‘ marches, songs, and music into the
I programme. Everyone is advised I to set aside one or both of the above dates for a most enjoyable evening of fun and music.
$ 2 49 13 11 24 00 7 50
BEATTY PUMPS
13 32
open
11 00
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
charity ....
Wellington Smart
Motion by Cru. Judd Hanna, that these bills be paid—Carried.
A delegation from Charteria waited on the Council asking assistance to repair the road on the 14th Concession, west of the Pickanock Road.
Motion by Cra. Hanna-Whelen. that I ing then adjourned Councillors Grant and Judd, visit this
8 00
2 00
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices,
X
with or without installation.
Budget Highlights
Highlights of the budget speech de ,	.
livered by Finance Minister, Charles P*rhcm of road and report at the next
Dunning, on Tuesday of last week	^ this Council—Carried.
Motion by ( rs Judd W Helen, to ad
Jos. A. Steele, Sec.-Treas
were
A deficit of $00,000,000 estimated for j J^urn. Carried the fiscal year ending March 21, 1940, without providing for further wheat marketing losses.
Income tax deductions for all firms	_____
proceeding with construction plant ex * tension within the next equal to 10 per cent, of the amount of capital expended.
A further extension of three years of income tax exemption for new metallic mine developments coming into production.
Removal of the three percent excise tax on all imports other than those en tering Canada under the general tariff
Excise duty on spirits used in manufacturing vinegar increased from 27 to 60 cents a gallon to encourage use of Canadian-made cider for this purpose.
Customs duty of five percent, ad valorem imposed on crude rubber and primary forms of tin in intermediate and general tariffs.
Duties on parts used in manufacture.	—.	, . « .	... _ .
of radio tubes removed on recommenda- f.ries* The legislature of the r pu lion of the tariff board.	llc consists of a senate of 60 mem-
Mr. Dunning says no reason for any :>ers elected for life. Administrative
fear “as to our national solvency," but funct,ons are m th/ hands of two
urges business and financial leaders to regents, or presidents, who are
chosen every six months.
Il WELL1IF VOU GREW % SO BIG AND F/NE ; JJlON FUL-O PEP WE •fl CAN'T ASK FOR *U ANTHlNG BETTER
8
a
THATS FULO-PEP TURKEY STARTER. YOU INCUBATOR BABIES WILL CERTAINLY \ GROW FAST AND UN/FORM ON THAT FEED	----
John A. Dean,
* Sec.-Trcrtfl
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
fra

fi

m
t
*



World’s Smallest Republic
- ’
<

San Marino, high in the Italian \ppenines, area 22 square miles. Deputation 13,000, is the world’s smallest republic and one of the Host ancient. The republic, which :onsists of a craggy mountain about 2,200 feet high, on which is the town, and some circumjacent territory, with four or five villages, is entirely surrounded by Italian provinces, but has maintained its independence since the Fourth century, and coins its own money, as well as maintaining diplomatic representatives in various foreign coun-
n
3#
*
ft
Shawville Bakery
7

m,a

sv
»

RAISE YOURS INTO PREMIUM BIRDS-FEED FUL-O-PEP
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
In the development of a profit-paying Turkey flock it is essential that poults get a right start. Why experiment? Put your poults on Ful-O-Pep Turkey Starter. This 26% protein feed gives poults that early growth which they must have if they are to make good gains.
Phone 89
expand production, employment and incomes to avoid necessity of Government spending.
Changes in 78 tariff items largely-confirming concessions in Canada-0.8, trade agreement already approved
No changes in sales tax or in schedule of exemptions or no changes cellaneous excise taxes.
H. 1. HOBBS, Prop.

W STARTER M,
At 6 to 8 weeks old change to Ful-O-Pep Turkey Grower. These feeds build good sound bone, straight keels, big frames and lots of sound, tender flesh-birds with that smooth finish which bring premium prices.
C H. MacLean
Red & White Store
TURKEY
in nvs
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
B8TABLISHKD 1888
Senate Passes Bill Aid Cheese Industry
The Senate Thursday gave third read ing to the Government's bill aimed at improving conditions in the cheese making industry. » N
Senator Duncan Marshall (Lib., | Ontario) told the boose the bill contemplated a Government contribution up ft0 per cent, of the cost of merging cheese factories and the same proportion to wards assisting in modernizing those concerns.
It also provided a premium of tko cents a pound for cheese which graded j 94 score and one cent for 93 score.
iran
pvfcO+tp
Tam mua
INVALID
COACH
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils

ŒB0R3B. HYNES & SON
V


k
<
General Repairs
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawvil’e, Que.
The Same Reliable Service
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 80
Quebec
Shawyille,
Phone 40
###PAGE###5###

Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
Shawville United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A , B.D. Pastor
Sunday, May 7
11,00 a m , Service at Shawville
Communion service and reception of members. Sermon subject : “The Meaning of Dicipleship.”
1 30 p.m , Service at Zion
3 00 p.m., Service at Stark’a Cornera.
Afternoon sermon subject : “The Open Door.”
7 30 p.m., Service at Shawville
Popular monthly picture service. Telling the story of “Elijah and Elisha with 40 colored slides for illustration.
' An enjoyable hymn sing from picture slides.
Bristol United Church C. Abmstrono-Saleh, B. D Surd «y, May 7 Service at Sunday School Service at Service	1
Sermon Subject : “From Easter to Pentecost.” 4th—“Waiting for the
Promise.”
Bstakllsks* IM*
VURMSHID 1VRRT THURSO AY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
f
ANNÙAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices, Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
SI.50
# e
. 2.00
• sees
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
New Floor Coverings For Spring of 1939
Row on display in our Furniture Parlor
“We’ll tell the world we’ve got the patterns
W. G.OOWAN, PUBLISHER
1
I
Rog 6. Fraser
1
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
'i
D y 8t. Andrew’s,
10.30
11.30
RENFREW, ONT.
Phene 160
14
41
Bern 686
Austin
Knox.
2.30
The largest assortment of floor coverings ever shown in our Furniture Department.
7.30
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
!
Gold Seal Coqgoleum Rugs and Congoleum by the Yard
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. G. Newman, M.A..B.D
Sunday, May 7ih
11.00 a. m.—Service at Wesley 2.30 p. m,—Service at Br'stol # 7.00 p. ra.—Service at Yarm
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
us collect $5.00 or over,phone us collect
Barry and Staines
Vel-Feit Rugs
Rockfelt by the Yard Linoleum, Baroleum,
Oilcloth, etc.
We would like our customers to feel free to visit our Furniture Parlor “Second Floor” any time.
Just walk upstairs and look around
You will find many articles of furniture and house furnishing that heretofore have not been available for purchase in Shawville.
The invitation applies to our new Boot and Shoe Department where you will find the very latest Spring Styles in Women’s Girls', Men’s and Boys’ footwear.

and we shall prepay
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
ANGLICAN St. Pavz/h Sunday, May 7
8.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p ra—Evening Prayer
10.00	a. m —Rally Service for the
children of the Sunday School.
Holy Trinity
3.00	p.m —Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s *
Seivice Withdrawn
Phone anytime between 7 n. m.»
and 11 p.m.

»
*
Beattie’s Eye Service
Farm For Sale
100 acres (rquare) good land, 70 acres lea red. Frame house and newly built barn, in South Hull, 3 miles from city limits, along Pink highway. Church, schools, rural mail, and telephone. Electricity available.
Apply to
W. A. MUNHARVEY R. R No. 2,
Aylmer East, Q ie
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone cad Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
10 80 p m.—North Onslow, Morning Prayer.
2.30 p.m.—Charteris, Even ng Prayer
Telephone, 3 -2080
Farm for Sale
Part of Lot No. 256, situated in the Village of Shawville, North of Main Street, consisting of seventy acres more or less, all tillable and of, the best of loam and clay soil. Several Buildings Lots on Main Street. Will sell all or in part at a reasonable pri<%_.
For particulars apply to
J. G ELLIOTT,
335 James St.
Ottawa, Ont.
Scientific Eye Examination*
Jade Precious to Chinese Jade to the Chinese is what diamonds are to many Westerners. It is to them the most precious of precious stones. Centuries ago this > stone, carved in the form of bats 3 and storks, was worn to insure long lfle. It varies in color from deepest kingfisher blue to white. In China they gauge the value of jade not by its color but by its texture—the ex-oerts "feel" it.
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; iar
Eye Defects
Mew Tip Top Tailors Samples
For Spring and Summer of 1939
Leave your measure and get a real Tailor Made Suit
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
RUG 6X9 FREE
A Gold Seal Oongoleum Rug 6x9 will be given absolutely FREE to some lucky customer Saturday night, May 6th, at
10 p. m.
BLOCK OF UNO FOB SALE
Look Here
' THE RENFREW MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Desirable block of land containing one and a half acres, situated in the township of Clarendon, just south of Shawville village limits. Dwelling house and outbuilding on property. For further particulars apply to,
Box 134
Shawville, Que.
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost etc'.
o
GROCERY SPECIALS
WANTED—Young Cattle and Horses
Meldrum.
for paaturage. Apply to Gro. Wjmany^Que. Phone 1-28.
Clark’s Soups, all varieties, 3 tins Grape Fruit Juice, 20 ounce cans, 2 cans 25	“
Peter Fan Catsup, 12 ounce bottle........... 10 “
Good Quality Vanilla Extract, pint bottle 35	“
Soap Flakes, 3& pounds...................... 25	“
McCormick’s Puffed Wheat, double size pkg. 10	“
Old Hickory Smoked Salt, 10 lb tube, cures and smokes 125 pounds pork
23 cts.
Monuments in Marble and Granite

FOR SALE—One 1930 Desoto Sedan. In good condition Apply to L. Young or R. R. Smith, King Street, Shawville.
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Grass Skirts In Hawaii *•
Grass skirts, ukuleles, pineapples —ask any American what they suggest, and he will certainly tell you “Hawaii." Ask him whether a native of Honolulu is an American citizen by birth and he may not be so sure of his answer. Yet grass skirts and ukuleles are acquisitions of Hawaii not much rider than Hawaii itself as an acquisition of the United States of America; and even the pineapple seems to have been unknown on the islands until white men brought it there in* the Eighteenth century.
FOUND—On road between Norval Wilsons and Shaw ville, a bag of clover seed. Owner may have same by calling at Norval Wilsons and paying expenses.
Phone, 278
i
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
WANTED —A good housekeeper of middle age. Apply in person to Mrs Jos. Hunt, Victoria Ave., ^Shawville Phone 55.
$1.00
###»*####A*########
FOR SALE-Bulck Car. in good condition ; also Star Sedan, and a quantity of mixed clover and timothy hay. Apply to Norris Brownlee. Shawville, Que.

MacLean’s
FOR SALE-A pair of Clyde Colts, coming twofcnd three years old. Apply to John A. Stvrgkon, R. R. No. 3, Shawville. Phone 17-6.
RED 6 WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
“Salutation to the Dawn"
The “Salutation to the Dawn," anonymously written and ascribed to the Sanskrit, is as follows: “Look v to this day, for it is life, the very § life of life. In its brief course lie all the verities and realities of your existence: the bliss of growth, the glory of action, the splendor of beauty. For yesterday- is but a dream, and tomorrow only a vision; but today, well-lived, makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well, therefore, to this day."
FOR S ALB-1 Findlay Range, In good condition and good Refrigerator. Both a good buy. Can be seen at W. A. Me Knight's. Phone 15—6, or apply to Miw A. McKnight. Box 373, Almonte, Ont.
# I
"The Owner Serves —The Buyer Saves
ZIZVI/ Z Z Z Z Z Z Zi/lZ Z Z Z Z V VIZ Z Z Z'Z Z Z Z Z Z ZI/IZ Z / Z Z / / <
ZIZZIZ W.IZIZV W'Z
Everything For
The Builder
Rolled Oats, 20 lb. bag 75c
“ fine or coarse 7 lbs 25c
. 25c
. 25c . 15c . 29c
Red & White Baling Powder, 16 ozs. 25c Brooms to match your kitchen, s #W"g' 39c Ful-O-Pep, chick starter $2.55 “ “ “ , developer . . 2.10 O.O.C. starter & grower . 2.39 Scratch Feed, coarse 100 lbs 1.69
FOR SALE—Three 1-year-old and one 2 year-old Percheron CoitagBWBPBBBI tons of Pressed Hay. Apply to Clifford Horner, Shawville, Phone 15 16.
x
Also a few
*

U
V
\
V
\
Fancy Biscuits, 2 lbs . Soda Biscuits, 2 lbs . Apricots, per tin Peaches, No. 1, 2 tins
FOR SALE—Pair matched Clyde Colla, marc and gelding, three yeaia old, well broken ; one black horse. 1150 lbs., rising eight years ; one aged mare, and a four wheeled trailer. Apply to Karl Dons Maryland, Que. Phone 23-6.
\
\
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Molding, ife

Doors,
Ten - Test
Sash,
FOR SALE — A dappled grey work horve. IflOOlhn .aged 10 years, in good condition and sound in every way ; also one waggon and one buggy. Apply to Job Duma*, Maryland. Que. Phone 5-15.
BRAY CHICKS
& ^ #
X
C
Delco Plants
Johnston Motors,
FOR SALE — Dark grey registered stallion. “Milton Junior’*, aged 4 weight 1900 lbs. Will accept cattle or nice mare in part payment. Price $350“ to Thomas Pibrukc k, R R 3, Renfrew
mm- —•
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
X
pit**
Apply
u
FOR SALK—Comfortable well appoint #d seven room dwelling house, good basement, hard and soft water. Small Garden. For further particulars apply to Hilliard Hobbs, at Shawville Bakery.
SMITH BROS.
orders? Order your Bray Chicks
through me—personal attention.
bontractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, J QUEBEC
prompt delivery
G. HAROLD BOULTON
Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. OUB
FOR SALE—Three purebred yearoM Ayshiie Bulls. Also a quantity of Red Clovt r Seed No L at SU ger ewt Apply to W* 8. Hanna, R R No. 3, Shawville
Que. Phoon 15 14.
Phone 26
N»
###PAGE###6###
«SSf—L*
Chintz Is Still Popular Choice
Quality Gives Flavour
# SERIAL STORY

HIT-RUN LOVE
coprmoKT. i
hia emvice. ihs»


BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
The &ci*fr
Good Looks
Siled Plaide Being Widely

“That remains to be seen,* Tom said quietly. “She told your at torney and me enough to make Church ask for a recess in which to get this mess straightened out. It's obvious that Miss McGraw wouldn't have gone this far if she didn't consider her evidence pretty important. I don't believe you understand what putting her on the stand is going to do to you,” he added significantly.
Church nodded.	HÜ1
NjBW YORK.—In fabric fashions, Wnts continues to bo about the most effective material you can get But for practicality, there are several other fabrics that are getting a rush—dust-tight twill, lustrous sateen and novelty weave cretonnes. All of these are offer* In the same lovely patterns available in chintzes. Small checks and medium-sized plaids are widely used. Stripes are of great fashion importance, small ones, big ones, flowered ones. The scale of the floral fabrics is large this spring, sometime# over-scaled. In plain colors, you’ll find a wide choice of chintzes and sateens along with many textural weaves ... It Is these unusual rough or stringy textures that the decorators like best.
h

ss

p




C'JWS	I Quint, Expect
evenly with an up-and-out stroke.
Allow the mask to harden, and when thoroughly dry, rinse it off with tepid water.
Write to me about
FACE UP TO SPRING I
After our long winter, with ov. er-heatcd houses and stuffy atmosphere, our faces need rejuvenating. Here are a few timely hints to help you freshen up your s! and give it a petal-like smoothness.
sm
No Toothaches
“You're in a spot, Kent. I don’t think you told me as much as you should have. It’s best to be frank with your own attorney. Now you've placed me in an embarrassing position.”
“That’s how it is,” Tom continued, “The sensible thing to do is stop bluffing. You aren’t the first defendant we’ve had in here who thought he could bluff his way free. If you’re at all smart you’ll change your plea.”
Deliberate Misrepresentation
Larry looked at Pat. “Well, you've every reason to be satisfied,” he said. “I might known, though. And to remember how you used to pretend you weren't interested in society, or important people. You used to try and make me think you would be satisfied with a little apartment and parties with your 'old gang.' You used to be amused when I'd even talk about the Hill crowd, er Dottie Barnes, or getting acquainted with big shots, how things were though, when Sweeney here to court.
y
F
i *
4»
. .	your per-
sonal beauty problems. And detailed leaflets on the following subjects are available for g 8c stamp each: Pace, eyee, hair, hands, bust, feet, reducing in spots, slimming, superfluous hair, underweight.
Please write direct to: Mise Barbara Lynn, 78 West Adelaide St, Room 421, Toronto, Ont.
Haye Perfect Teeth
The first essential is to keep the skin immaculately clean. Wash with gentle Palmolive soap to cleanse and smooth the skin, then rinse with cold water.
Pour doctors from the Ontario -Dental College examined the teeth of the Dionne Quintuplets last month and reported to Dr. A. R. Dafoe, their personal physician, yut the molars of Yvonne, Annette* Marie, Emilie and Ceclle renfila perfect.
"The Toronto dental experte cose# up to give the teeth of the gt* a complete check-up and to eec that they at the hospital are doing a good Job/' Dr. Dafoe said after the examination.
He said the examination show* the girls' teeth were without cavities and were stainless, and remarked it was "most unusual" tor children nearing their flfth birthday to have such faultless teeth.
Making the examination were Dr. Arnold Mason, dean of the oeA-lege; Dr. 0. A. Corrigan, chief of atatf; Dr. Allan R. McCay, of Mel-bourse, Australia, and Dr. X •ha, Sydney, Australia.
I
X
?


i
The face and neck should be creamed daily. Never stretch the skin, because stretching paves the way for wrinkles. Pat the cream gently over the skin with the finger-tips.
Incidentally, there is a delightful new three-purpose cream that is very good. It cleanses thoroughly; then it acts as a foundation cream, and finally it is a tissue cream.
Use this cream, and leave it on over-night,-unless you have an oily skin.
BE
Removing Stain*

Bank Bobber Backed Him
To remove candle grease scrape carefully with a blunt knife, then cover with blotting paper and iron over lightly with a warm iron. Repeat the process till the is all absorbed.
Oil—Remove with a dry cleaner. Another method is to with a paste of Fuller's earth, allow to dry, then brush off, repeating if necessary.
Ink—Soak up immediately with blotting paper, then treat with a cut lemon if it is a carpet. For a table cloth or something of a similar nature, soak in warm skim or sour milk, then wash in clean tepid water and dry. Obstinate stains on white material can be removed with a solution of salts of lemon.
have
Household
Science
KATHERINE BAKE*
Joe Sondham never hoped to take a mere
extraordinary trip
then that rear-seat gun - m weal# directed
drive he mode for bank robber Ed, the
Weasel. Her wee
that the half of it with pretty Kelly Archer et hie side. It ell seemed like e dizsy dream—until Joe woke up. Sut then his story would woke anybody. Reed
grease
cover
Even the vegetables we like beet become tiresome if served the same wmy all the time. Children find this especially ao and meet homes are familiar with the rebellion against vegetables. It may not be entirely the fault of the child—he may just be sick and tired of eating the same thing over and over again. Though our vegetables are limited, the ways in which they can be served are not. Here is a new get-up for cauliflower and a recipe for a medley of vegetables.
The third vital step in Spring-time beautifying treatment is to have a face mask once a week. Here is another excellent face mask to add to those I've given in recent articles: take two tablespoonfuls of cooked oatmeal, four lablcspoonfuls of glycerine and two tablespoonfuls of rose
our
I saw shaping up.
came over You knew he was going to run for prosecutor; you saw a chance to get in with some, one who rates in this town, thought that by pulling this to. day you’d get yourself berth. Well, ( through—”
Pat’s gaze never left his face. His words hit, made her ache with the cruelty of the deliberate interpretation.
“You know that's
Please Pass
The Spina*
You
a nice go ahead. I'm
Pretty Tagger Holds up “Bob” Minion
Green Luncheons Are The Thing For Streamline Figures
III
I
!
CAULIFLOWER AU GRATIN
1	small cauliflower (in flower-
ets)
2	tablespoons quick-cooking ta-
pioca
% teaspoon salt M teaspoon paprika
2 cups milk
1 cup grated Canadian cheese
1 cup bread crumbs, buttered
Cook cauliflower in boiling, salted water 12 minutes, or until tender; drain and place in 6 small or 1 large greased baking dish. Combine quick-cooking tapioca, salt, paprika, and milk in top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 8 to 10 minutes after water boils again, stirring frequently. Remove from boiling water; add cheese and stir until melted. Pour over hot cauliflower; cover with crumbs and bake in moderate oven (350*F.) 20 minutes. Serves 6.
w
mis-
COMMENCING NEXT WEEK
Please pass the spinach-panel* Juice cocktails, a deep green of hut very healthful, and the uneooft* vegetable plate after a cup of tasaium broth"—a combinat!* oI fruit Juices being served la York.
Away with your planked steak* ringed with slszllag potatoes, your creamed chicken patty 7£ lowed by a nice big butterscotch sundae.
The girls are going back to the garden for luncheon.
What do they eat? Freeh beet greens, grated carrots. Big lal*§. Celery. Plates of assorted fruit and maybe peppermint to#,
A number of the girls Ça y they aren’t interested in losing weight, and eat celery stalks, raw green# and carrots becaugy they like them. Several said, "good for the skin, and one murmured "vitality”.
not true, Larry," she broke in desperately. "1 begged you to tell the truth. You know I would have stood by you. It wasn't until I
#

longer. I wasn't trying to put myself in a heroine's role. I wasn’t trying to make anyone care—” her voice trailed off as Church interrupted.
“We aren't running a court for the lovelorn, Kent. You can settle the romance some place else. I’m not going to waste any more time on this case.** irritated.
case filled with papers and shuffled them angrily. “The girl has enough to put you in a bad spot.
I advise you to come clean.”
“Yes,” Tom said, “I’ve sent the men from the A LB. out to check some facts. If Pat’s right about where you were that afternoon you’ll get tangled up worse and worse in your story. Better came clean.”
After that Larry seemed to collapse. “Well, what should I do?” she heard him say.
V
\
saw you
meant to use Bill, and me, too, that my love for you died. If only you’d given me a chance to prove that I cared. But you didn’t. As for any ambitions that I might have had here—well, that’s now, isn’t it? What I did was because I couldn't live a lie any
t
%»
over

Pat saw he was He took up his brief-


1
Young Spring Print Dress
I
> r
«f
Q
+) »
i
I
MEDLEY OF VEGETABLES
It* cups sliced onions 2 cups celery, cut in strips 1% cups carrots, cut in strips 2 cups string beans, cut in strips % cup green peppers, cut in strips
lVs cups mushrooms, sliced lengthwise
4 tablespoons butter
2	cups canned tomatoes
3	tablespoons quick-cooking ta-
pioca
2% teaspoons salt % teaspoon pepper
Cut vegetables in strips, inches. Melt butter in saucepan ; add onions, celery, carrots, string beans, and green peppers, and cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Add tomatoes and mushrooms and cook slowly 20 to 30 minutes, or until vegetables tender; then add quick-cooking tapioca, salt, and pepper. Oook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serves 6/
Vi


m
4T <

Life Will Go On
Tom said something to Burke and the big officer came over to Pat.
1
JFA
4T ,r

*

I
"Let’s
go in your office and let them finish up here,” he told her, taking her out by the side door.


FF
Drip-Cut
SYRUP

Okie
Alone in the privacy of her room she aimlessly fingered the papers on the desk, stared at the notes cn her pad, tried to get her I thoughts in order.
I They would finish up. Larry would pay his price to society.
I Life would go on, but it would be empty, shorn of the glamor and romance that it had I worn. She touched the fading peonies that Tom had given her and that she had so carefully tended.
The petals fell, covering the ' desk with their color.
The door opened and she looked up. It was Tom. She turned her head, afraid for him to see her face. The silence was too long.
“The —the flowers are gone, too,” she said tonelessly. They were words, spoken simply to fill the silence.
"There'll be others,” he said. "And they’ll be as sweet. Flowers ^ade, but there are some things in life that don’t.
fade; not real love, Pat. Not the kind I feel for you.”
“How can you now, Tom? After I was so blind and weak.”
"It wasn’t blind or weak to do what you did. Don’t think I’m not aware of what it took to make you call Kent’s bluff. It wasn’t easy to tell what you knew, particularly when it involved the you cared for. But you had the Htfength of your convictions.”
‘The things Larry said weren’t true, Tom. I mean about telling simply to further my own ambitions.”

00%
mm

• • •
»'»
i
JUG
Okk
A* */# Saving
ftlumin
Yehudi
tires
5
ishment enough. You see he’s already lost you.”
"He couldn’t see things the way we do,” she said.
"We do see life the don’t we?”
for activity. They will be at their best in the first hours of morning, especially if we can get outdoors and stimulate the circulation with some brisk physical exercise which will refresh us.
Now that spring Is here and are not so likely to be greeted with a whirling blixzard or penetrating blasts of wind. It is a good time to cultivate this habit, if you haven’t already. This early morning activity has a moralising effect on everyone. It will do wonders in helping to reduce those who are fat and it will add weight to those who are underweight. Besides, there will be added sparkle to the eyes and a healthful glow radiated In the complexion.
opening and ce# ÔÊ
It isagr^d &
once
v,
m
are
Sm«0.
same way, Tom said gently. “That’s why I need you. ¦¦ problems won’t* be solved •< ily, but if we’re together—”
The pressure of his hands hers was strong and kind, days ahead no longer seemed r ty and meaningless. Even the petals on the old oak desk caught the sunlight from the window and recaptured the beauty of spring in their faded glory.
(THE END)

All our
we
2626 SIZES 12 - 40

on
Right In Style
The

II
emp-
Jt
Sam Simonson, who has been an umbrella repairman for 42 years, applied for his annual peddler’s license and was reminded by Detective Edward FitzGerald that last year he said he was going to retire.
"I can’t retire now,” the 74-year-old umbrella man said. "It’s that fellow in England—Chamber-Hc’s made everybody umbrella-conscious, booming.”
(BedrùveÇuàun
By LOUISE LENNOX
A delightfully simple little spring print ensemble, you’ll cherish it
You can wear
F
all summer long, the youthful dress alone . . . the smart jacket with other frocks. Nothing will stretch your budget more than this jacket costume. The low price and the short space of time it will take you to make it, will amaze you. The pattern be used for cotton frocks of chaînera/, dotted percale, pastel hopsacking, sheer prints, etc., with a matching or contrasting jacket . . or without a jacket.
Style No. 2626 is designed for •isos 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 80, 32, 84, 36, 38 and 40-inches bust. Size 16 required 2% yards of 39-inch material for dress ; ind 1% yards of 39-inch material for jac-
Love doesn’t
A Daily Walk Keeps You Fit
YOUR
BABY
Corinth Canal in Greece, which was closed in December because of cracks in the rocks through which it was cut, is to be made mneh wider, so that large merchant vessels may pass through from the Gulf of Corinth and the Gulf of Aegina.
lain.
Business is
at
Helps Reduce Weight And Add. Spa*]. To Eye.
Teething
Time?
r a/
Stomach Distress?
With the first chirp of the robin and the appearance of tiny buds on the branches, we all feel the urge to get outdoors and walk. Besides offering pleasant diversion, early morning walks prove a fine beauty aid.
Many girls have cultivated the daily morning walk as a means of keeping fit. There is something about early morning exercise that regulates the momentum for the whole day.
When we awake In the morning, it usually means we have had enough sleep. There Is a clean, healthy feeling of buoyancy In getting ont of bed when we wake up. The muscles and brain are read*
man
P»r FREE sample and bcaklet
xV’1''//,
PEP
TF you are troubled A with stomach die
MS
MEN LOVE < GIRLS WITH
lion, you may require Dr. Pierre’s Golden Medical Discovery. This tonic tends to
9	. I	1 •	- •
vMjgwpm
8teednihif #» • \ Oshrlp
lo llvMlei »
write J lit* IS. Mr »t. #8M
No Longer Empty
"I know, darling. You gave him his chance. He just didn’t know know to play your honest game. M tybe this will set him straight for the rest of his life. I’ll do what i can to get him off easy. If he makes restitution to the family, well—I think perhaps a light sentence and probation will be pun-

ker
9®1* STÏEDM AN’S
ü	POWDERS
Send Fifteen Cents (15c). (coin ia preferred), for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West
plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state aise you wish.
tile, and as a result you soon feel more
Ifajorfe S««tty. «SI E. Mala St.. »nt MI •¦fared
Sola
TÆ

51 ^
Toronto. Write
ft give M See relief frees the etowich dlitreoe. 1 felt ever me moth better.” Buy it la liquid #r labiate at year drag itéra today
and ?

i
i
No. 17 — ’3»
vS&fnWgr* *="""« weu'
I




###PAGE###7###

•efficient quantities of green feed,
but birds coulned should have
some feed that is rich in vitamin
A. Alfalfa-leaf meal is ons ef the moat economical sources ef vitamin A, when all feeds must be purchased ,and may serve as the sole source of this vitamin.
Making Chickens
Grow
War Memorial Being Prepared for Royal Unveiling
Sunday
School
Lesson
How Can I?


rj
;

4 4

. ;
F

Growing chickens need some form of vitamin A to make satis-favtory growth. Birds allowed to range about the farm during the growing season usually pick up

BY ANNS ASM* CV
4e* ' -





I


Q.—How can I treat the sewing machine which has seen years of hard service and seems ready to be discarded?
A.—Take off the head and boil it for about an hour in strong suds. This will clean It of all the old hardened oil and grease. Dry it, replace it, oil it thoroughly, and see if it does not show a hundred per cent, improvement.
Q.—How can I clean mica in the door of the kitchen range ?
A.—The mica can be easily cleaned by rubbing it with a soft flannel cloth, dipped in equal parts of vinegar and cold water.
Q.—How can I prepare a good watercress salad ?
A.—Serve the watercress with French dressing, made tart with lemon, and sprinkled with Roquefort cheese.
Q.—How can I dry my hair more quickly after washing?
A.—Try this method: Light the oven, turn the gas low, lower the even door, and then place the electric fan on the lowered door. The warmed air will quickly dry the hair.
Q.—How can 1 keep water warm when there is no hot water heater in the house?
A.—Try keeping the tea kettle on the pilot light of the gas range at all times when not in active use. It will keep the water warm, and the job of boiling it will not be a lengthy one.
*
> %

>
s
ÿ<:>






?!

2 ?. i




#
[ This Curious World
By William
Ferguson

LESSON V
PAUL CROSSES INTO EUROPE AcU 15:36—17*15 Printed Text, Acts 15:36; 16:4-16 Golden Text.—When he had seen the vision, straightway we sought to go forth Into Macedonia. Acts 16:10.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING.
Time.—A.D. 60 and 61.
Place.—Paul sots out for his eècond missionary journey from Antioch in Syria. Cilicia ia the province located directly r north and west of Syria. Derbe and Lystra were cities of Lycaonia, located on the great highway leading to Antioch in Picidia. Phrygia was a province in the central part of western Asia Minor.' Tro-a* was a city of Mysia on the eastern side of the Aegean Sea, opposite Macedonia. Macedonia was the ancient name for the northern part of the Greek peninsula in the northeastern part of which, about ten miles from the coast, was the city of Philippi. Thessa-lonica was also in northern Greece on the Gulf of Salonika; Beroea was forty miles inland from Tes-•alonica; Athens was in the southern part of Greece.
36. And after some days Paul ¦aid unto Barnabas, Let us return now and visit the brethren in every city wherein we proclaimed the word of the Lord, and see how they fare. Paul’s heart was burning with the desire to visit again the churches which the Lord enabled him to plant in that vast Gentile territory beginning at Syria and extending north and west into the thickly populated area of Asia Minor.
It was the parental longing to see his spiritual children which was drawing him; but God had far more extensive designs, which opened up before him as he went forward.
A Companion and Helper
A new person enters upon the staff of apostolic missionary activities, namely, Timothy, who was the son of a Jewish-Christian mother. The mother's name was Eunice (2 Tim. 1:5), and the grandmother’s Lois. Timothy, we find, was Si. Paul's messenger to that church, and he is joined with that apostle in the greeting of Second Corinthians.
As soon as Paul saw into what kind of young Christian Timothy had grown, his heart went out to him, and he knew he had found a companion and helper for life.
4. And as they went on their way through the cities, they delivered them the decrees to keep which had been ordained of the apostles and elders that were at Jerusalem. 5. So the churches were strengthened in the faith, and Increased in number daily.
Chrisliaeity in Europe 6. And they went through the region of Phrygia and Galatia, having been forbidden of the Holy Spirit to speak the word in Asia;
7. and when they were come over against Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia; and the Spirit of Jesus suffered them not; 8. and passing by Mysia. they came down to Troas.
9.	And a vision appeared to Paul in the night: There was a man of Macedonia standing, beseeching him, and saying, Come over into Macedonia and help us. The man stood for more than his own nation. It was the cry of the Elropean worldfi the expression of of the deep unrest felt at this time by ail heaits that had risfn above gross pleasures and the babel of an immortal mathenism. This is in many respect# the most important paragraph in the book of Acts.
10.	And when ho had r3en the vision straghtwav we srught to go foïth into Macedo iin concluding that ( od had ca le i prc:t -, the gospel un > them. 11. Setting sail therefore from Troas, we made a straight course to Sa-mothrace, and the day following to Neapolis. When these four men went down to thh quay of Troas to look for a vessel, how little the world thought, how little they themselves knew, what history they were making 1 Probably ta Paul’s mind the passage to Europe was but one of many journeys. Yet it was one of the turning-points of history, the challenge ef Christianity to Western civilisation to accept the rule of Christ.
12. And from thence to Philippi, which is a city of Macedonia, the first of the district, a Roman colony: and we were in this city tarrying certain days. 13. And on lb# sabbath day we went forth without the gate by a river side, where we supposed there was a place of prayer ; and we sat down, and spake unto the women that vne come together. 14. And a certs n woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Tkyatirs, one that worshipped GodJ heard us: whose heart the lord opened to give heed unto the things which were spoken by Paul.
m





>

i
mk
*-.
» u
*4*
4 %

* V

g



frii
- •

3#*









RS*




«ex

cr

». :

> •
P
b B&w

m.

i "

^ ^ Tjt .

f *
IflC

w «• .jK
i
*'y|
J*
•> •>'* V
41:3^

WHETHER.
<4

&afcW@&&3£7

\
IS SOZ.ZCI LIKE THAT AT CAYTONA BEACH, FLORIDA,
dm

TS
x-y ‘
beaches, depends on the
SAPVCÎE- OF Z4CE SAAJD GAZA /AS/
<E
ROUND (GRAINS ALLOW VOU TO SINK. DOWN, BUT SAND WITH SHARP CORNERS FORMS
The work of placing pir.k and grey granite Use s for the p v.mnade around Canada’s National War Memorial in Ottawa is being rushed and will be completed in time for the unveiling of the memorial by King George next month.

Urges Return To Simplicity
“Few men kill themselves from overwork .... Over-worry, overrush, over-drink, overeat, undersleep are the killers. . . .
“The antidote can be supplied only by resorting, at least to a degree, the simplicity of primitive living. This . . . will mean building new cities where men may live
more quietly and happily....
“It will mean some plan of social security so as to remove the nightmare of sickness, unemployment and old-age insecurity”.
O
#5 AVDRE NEAR1_V#
%?,
#»
« • «
Primitive Style Of Living Would Benefit Victims Of Today’s Rush And Worry— Cut Down On Insanity.
vt
1937/
DUE TO AV MR&DR. XV 77Z5- &JEC/<0/V//VG 0E77A1JE/.000 VSXGS
AGO/
Fred Waller, 18, a London school boy, has found how to be honored in his own country. He and a schoolmate pretended to be French tourists in London and were “never before treated with so much respect.”
TH£ MAUEL
MIDWIFE TOAD
e •
#*,**##
CARRIES HIS MATE'S
EGGS AROUND
We aro living in a “civilized madhouse'* which la sending as many people to mental Institutions as It is graduating from college, says Dr. Jay B. Nash, of New York University.
Men and women are “going to pieces'* In Increasing numbers, he asserted, because their bodies have been catapulted 1,000,000 years ahead of their nervous systems and because of the social and economic uncertainties of the modern age.
“One can imagine the average person saying, 'My job Is insecure, I’m back in my rent. Susie has infected adenoids, Johnny needs glasses. I'm not saving anything for old age or sickness. The boss Is constantly after me to speed up but I must not worry; I must be calm, relax, recreate’."
ON HIS BACK.
UNTIL. THEY
HATCH.
CURIOUSLY, Christ actually was bom several years B. C.» . "before the birth of Christ" This paradox is the result of an error made in connecting the birth of Christ with the disputed date of a victory of Emperor Augustus.
NEXT: What Is the radios of the universe?
NOTES
RADIO
NEWS
AND
MADGE ARCHER
| Roman Landmark |
It is also announced that H. V. Kaltenborn, the famous commentator, will be heard regularly over the Columbia Network every Sunday and Tuesday evenings at 10.30 p.m., E.S.T., beginning Apr.
The World’s Fair
President Roosevelt and other members of the United States Government will broadcast over all networks on Sunday, April 30, beginning at 2.30 p.m. in ceremonies connected with the opening of the New York World’s Fair. The broadcast will last the better part of an hour.
HORIZONTAL
1 Huge amphitheater ruins standing in Rome.
9 Meadow.
10	Star-shaped flower.
11	An exploit.
13	Mongrel.
14	Upright shaft.
15	Inlet.
17 Exists.
19	Preposition.
20	It was built
Answer to Previous Puzzle 16 Distinctive
fwi theory.
18 Sister.
|2l 20 Climbing Tg plants.
A 21 Like ale.
22	Voided law entry.
23	3.1416.
ml 24 Metal clip-
5.1 pings.
N Yj 26 Geographical
OÇZ drawing.
B L A RlEl 29 Ore launder.
31 Dress suit coat end.
33 Brought legal
canmiNSHiinm
OLEfrTNHRE!5 IQ y
-HbeMeibEie
sic eIbtieInIeimIeIm
oInBBP a
LttUOB
30.
UE s
* # e #
TI
NEW FARM PROGRAMS
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation has revised its daily Ontario farm programme. - A full half-hour broadcast is now heard from 12.15 until 12.45 p.m., E.S. T., from CBL, Toronto. This program is specially designed for the farming community in the Ontario region and concentrates on markets and market trends, an added feature a daily dramatic sketch of interest to rural listeners. • Local agricultural news is supplemented by news, supplied by the Canadian Press dealing with Ontario and the other provinces.
stressed to aid fruit farmers in view of tto r.pprorvch of the fruit season.
R 1
HR
J5. And when she was baptized, and ho household, she besought us, saying, If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my "house, and abide there And she constrained us.
* The First Convert . Thus the first convert in. Europe was a woman, and the first Christian service held on European soil brought forth definite results in immediate conversions. The change which passed upon Lydia prefigured what woman in Europe was to become under the influence of Christianity.
I A
TO BE HEARD . April 28, 8.30 p.m. CBC, CBL—Miss Trent’s Children ... 9 p.m. CBS, CFRB— Orsen Welles. . . 10 p.m., CBC CBL . . . Brian Meredith commenting from England . . . April 29, 7 p.m. NBC—Dick Tracy '(New series) ... 9 p.m. CBS— Phil Baker . . . 10.30 p.m. NBC Hippocractic Repeats (new) . . . April 30, 10 a m.—NBC New Bible Series . . . 2.80 p.m. All networks —Opening of New York World’s Fair by President Roosevelt . . . 3.20 CBS, CFRB—N.Y. Philharmonic ... 8 p.m. NBC CBC— Charlie McCarthy and the Chase and Sanborn Hour ... 9 p.m. CBS CFRB—Alec Templeton with Ford Symphony Hour . . . 10.80 p.m. CBS—Kaltenbom Edits the News . . . May 1, 11.45 a m. NBC CBC —Dr. William L. Stidger’s “Getting the Most Out of Life” ... 4 p.m. NBC “Midstream” starting new frve-a-week script
series ... 8 p.m. CBC, CBL— C’Est Paris ... 9 p.m. CBS, CFRB —Radio Theatre . . . May 2, NBC, CBC—Club Matinee ... 8 p.m. CBS, CFRB Edward G. Robinson in “Big Town” . . . 8.30 p.m. NBC, CBL Information Please ... 9 p.m. CBC, CBL Appointment with Agostini . . . 9.30 p.m. NBC, CBC Molly returned to Fibber McGee programme . . . 10.30 p.m. CBS—Kaltenbom Edits the News . . . May 3. 8 p.m. NBC, CBL—One Man’s Family Serial . . . 8.80 p.m. CBS, Paul Whiteman . . . 9.80 p.m. CBC, CBL— Music by Faith ... 10 p.m. CBS, CFRB—Raymond Page . . . May 4, CBC, CBL—Ontario Region/ Farm programme...
eft; .
“Books and the King” ... 8 p.m. NBC —Rudy Vallee ... 9 p.m. NBC, CBC Good News ... 10 p.m. NBC, CBL—Bing Crosby.
W\
R
MA DM
£ HIM
N
V
MATR
ATED
D
P
N
E
It has -
43	Tiny.
44	Electric unit.
45	English coin. 47 Restricted.
50	War flyer.
51	File.
53Merpber of a roving tribe.
54	Verbal.
55	Numeral termination.
Rally made
by
and
of
Titus about 80 A. D.
23 Postscript.
25 Half.
27	Converts into malt.
28	Auditory.
30 Social insect.
32	Dyestuff.
33	Sneaky.
34	To pacify.
37 Those who
maul.
40	Musical note.
41	To drink slowly.
suit.
VERTICAL
2	Salt of oleic acid.
3	For fear that.
4	Grain.
5	South America.
6	An adven-
35	Sea robber.
36	To revolve.
38	Inspired reverence.
39	To revoke.
42 Verses.
46 Toward sea.
48	Greater in number.
49	To make lace.
50	Arabian.
52 Footlike part.
à
«
(
Weather reports are
hire.
To Cover Royal Crossing
57	To soak flax.
58	To ring, as a
7	Wages.
8	Embryonic tissue.

•••
THE ROYAL VISIT
Two events of the utmost significance will play a big role on the radio networks of the North American continent during the coming month. Of first importance, of course, is the visit of Their Majesties, the King and Queen.
CBC will begin a broadcast account of the Royal visit while Their Majesties are actually entering Canadian waters aboard H. M S. “Repulse.” Microphones will follow the Royal party step by step during the tour so that a continuous sound picture of one of the greatest events in modern times shall reach every Canadian home from coast to coast. m The €¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ reached
where radio homage will be rendered the King from British subjects all over the earth to be followed immediately by the King’s reply. During the four days the Royal party is on United States soil, the American networks will take over the task of the CBC with whom they are working in closest co-operation.	'
bell.
59 It
about 11
fought 54 Over. 615x510 feet in its arena. 56 Chaos. 60 It is par- 12 Before.
I
58 Father.



3

AW.-
A.'.f
il#






#
\
' \
*

tit

i


Be a


i
z
tanax of the trip will be on May 24, in Winnipeg,

I
o

» to
R. K. Carnegie, superintendent of the Canadian Press’ Ottawa bureau, will be the only newspaperman from Canada aboard H.M.S. Repulse, which will bring the King and Queen to Canada in May. Mr. Carnegie has just sailed for London to join the royal party.
4.46
CBL—Christopher	Ellis
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—No Delay
HONES 'n’TROOLY X DID, MOM/1 TOLE HER JUS' AS SOON AS r COT THERE, SOS I WOULD!/
FORGET IT '
I hope you remembered
TO TELL MRS. BURLEIGH THAT YÔU HAD A LOVELY-TIME AT THE PARTY A

9

«
Sfc
i
/
i
0
1
K
’ t-
f


U-IO
###PAGE###8###


BR
i
Word “Thrum»" Technical
Term, Authority Assert»
PERMANENT WAVING
,8
Will be done in Shawvüle 6 ets
to $1 00 Store, every second Thurs | sir James Barrie carved Thrums day commencing next week, May rA window in Thrums") out of lltb. Mnke «ppoiutmeutH at |(Kirriemuir—the old weaving town in 8tore‘	Scotland where he was born. But
Prices $1.50, $2 50 and 15.50	* »|why “Thrums?" The answer is
given by James A. Roy, a native Kirriemarian, in “J. M. Barrie: An Appreciation."
Men! Dress up
For Spring-
Cockshutt—Frost & Wood—Lister
Streamlined Separators
Machinales*, $8.50
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress the new spring shades,
Easy to turn—Easy to clean—A size for every herd A close skimmer which quickly pays for itself through increased profits, and who needs increased profits more than the Farmer ?
Let us quote you our low cash prices on the new "RS"
Models with Stainless Steele Discs.
Cash Price
. $ 75.50 9150 107.00 124.75 154 00
We have also the “SS” Models with complete
Stainless Steel Bowls
Those desiring a cheaper Separator will find the new “Cremo" Separator very efficient and a real “Money Saver",
CAPACITY
110 pounds, Less Pedestal
Mr E G Dupuis, of Renfrew
Opera tor
$22.50 and $25.00
“The word is simply the local technical term for threads, a bunch of which hung on every loom in the Builds Nest of Bubble? old weaving days," said Professor «. Betta. fighting denizen of the S» Roy. “These thrums were the ends v. amese sea, is a strange fish and th< of warp, saved from previous 1 strangest thing about him is hit webs, or furnished with the new,
! love life, writes Brian Curt s ir to mend the broken threads ofr the ; “The Life Story of the Fish." pub growing fabric." i lished by Appleton-Century.	And just as Thrums was only a
I When Betta is in a rorrantu portion of Kirriemuir, so were the mood, he builds a gorgeous bubble Auld Lichts (“AuJd Licht idylls '), castle. This he accomplishes by go about whom Barrie writes, only a ing to the surface, breathing in air. section of the community, Professor retiring to a chosen spot, and there Roy explains. “All Auld Lichts releasing little bubbles, cne after | were not weavers and all weavers the other, each covered with a sticky substance from his mouth which prevents it from bursting end makes it adhere to the others. This process he repeats until he has a dome of bubbles from one to two inches in diameter and protruding as much as a half an inch above the surface of the water.
I Betta then takes his post under the nest and attacks all intruders until a mate of his choice appears Eventually he drives her out and she is at liberty to continue on her I carefree way. But not so the mole Betta; his task has just begun.
He remains in his nest making such repairs as necessary and returning to their place such eggs as fall out, until the young are hatched. For several days thereafter he remains the perfect papa, until suddenly he wearies of the whole idea, turns cannibal and tosses off those of his Offspring who are not fortunate enough to escape his menacing jaws.
Sctta, Siamese Sea run,

1
Spring Shirts
By Forsytl)
Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar

Capacity
300 pounds, With Pedestal

450
41
44
1
000
4%
«4

800
u
rA
4
44
$1.55 and $2.00
#######

• • •
1050
44
44
were not Auld Lichts," he says. “In Barrie's Thrums there were just as many religious denominations as there are in the town today—-if not more. Barrie himself was brought up in the Free church, and very Possibly was never inside the door of the Auld Licht kirk, which he has immortalized. Religious differences in those days were too acute to permit of wandering from one church to another.
The “Morgan” Hat,
$1.75 and $2.95
Gloves,
Hose
and Neckwear
Norris R. Homer
Clothier and Haberdasher
Cash Price
“Barrie left Kirriemuir when he was ten years old, and being the son of David Barrie, it is unlikely that he ever saw the inside of any church in Kirriemuir except his own —the South Free. It was through his mother that he knew the Airid Lichts and their religious views. Margaret Ogilvy was brought up in the Auld Licht kirk, which she continued to attend until her marriage to David Barrie. She took her memories with her and handed them on to her son."
$19 00
22.50
32.50
36.00 45 00
51.00
150
14
14
% 4
270
44
44
44
350
44
44
It
Fur Pelts Wanted |Holiness Movement
Revival Services
500
II
44
44
I
050
4t
14
44
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS K. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer Shawville • Que.
Pedestal for Cremo Separator
9,00
Revival Services commenced last Sunday io the above mentioned church. They will be continued every night (except Saturday) until May the 7th. The revival services will close with a District Convention which
Now is the time to place your orders at the new low prices for Disc Harrows, Corn Planters, Plows, Scufflers, Cultivators, Tractors, Fanning Mills, Land Rollers, etc.
Easy time payments can be arranged with small
carrying charges.
Horses and Cattle taken in exchange
Phone 43
OOpMMSt
on May the 6th and ends on May the Three meetings each day during the convention. A cordial invitation is extended to all.
7th.




The McDonald sisters will sing atr the evening services.

W IN acceleration
IN BILL CLIMBING
R BOSTON, Past»
G. A. HOWARD & SONS
j Shakespeare’s Birthplace
Was Simple Gabled House
The quaint little village of Stratford-on-Avon in England is closely j linked with events which took place there many years ago—the birth,
I life and death of William Shaker-peare.
The most revered building in the village, writes Leslie Hartley in the Washington Star, is the simple I gabled wooden house on Henley street in which the “Bard of Avon"
J was bom in 1564—on April 23, many historians say. This house, which belongs to the British government, is | restored to its original state and | the ground floor is used as a museum and library. Narrow, dark . | stairs lead to the little room on the second floor where the poet was born.
j Shakespeare was a lover of nature j and flowers, and in a garden be-| neath the windows of his room are I grown many of the flowers mentioned in his plays, such as “rosemary for remembrance, pansies for thoughts."
Many other buildings'in the village are restored so that they look as Shakespeare knew them. And his remains rest under the altar of Trinity church, where he worshiped,-with the following epitaph to mark the spot:
“Good frend for Jesus sake for-beare,
To digg the dust encloased heare,
Blese be ye man yt spares the» stones,	\
And cursed be he yt moves my bones."
. A bronze statue of Shakespeare in the gallery of the reading room of the library of congress was cast in Paris in 1895 and shipped to the United States. It is by Frederick MacMonnies, sculptor.
Agents for Frost & Wood-Cockshut Machines
SHAWVILLB,

QUEBEC
%
i>
V


vs

Shawville Beauty
Shoppe

x \
. X' *


Hti

4»


«
IP





k

. >*
1

X

?

m.
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.60
1
?
? *
\
>1
X
;

me

mm
\
r
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
25 cents
25 cents
ADVANCED KNEE-ACTION AIDING SYSTEM
Frictionless Coil Springs; Double-Acting Shock Absorb-ors; Ride Stebilizor; Shockproof s Duel Crow Steering.
!
îfl
X/OU’LL get the thrill of your life
traveller I You’ll know you're riding the winner the instant you feel the surging power of its Velve-in-Heod Engine I And you'll have conclusive proof of this fact when you watch Chevrolet take the load in moving traffic l
It's the fastest-accelerating car In its price range —much nimbler than other low-priced cars I • It’s the most powerfa/ hill-climbw, too—much better on the grades then any other car of its price I e It’s the livlhtf of all low-priced cors —first in acceleration, first in hill-climbing, first in all-round performance with economy—and H is also first in safest
out of this
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
• • • •
ail
Miss Vera Klatt
STEERING COLUMN GEAR-SHIFT
"Vacuum assist" supplies 10% of shifting effort Simple, positive design. Only $13 extra.
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
f
?
Synthetic Jewels Can Be
Worn Without Detection
NEW AERO-STREAM STYLING ftODiss by pisHia
Long, low and roomy ... improved No-Draft Ventilation all-steel Body by Fisher with "Observation Car" visibility.
Annual Meeting Clarendon Dairy Company Friday Evening, May 5th
Early Reference to Compass
The magnetic compass, friend of navigators when Columbus discovered America, was known at least as long ago as the Twelfth or Thirteenth century, says Nikola Tesla.
. WpNBPBNPIWBBBNN^BNW noted physicist. He has a definite Dairy Company will be held at Stark’s allusion to it in a poem by Guyot Corners on Friday evening, May 5th at Provins, a medieval French writ-
Xri I
was first used by Norse sea-wanderers. He considers it more probable that the instrument was invented by either Chinese or Arabs.
“Fissure lines" are present im all rubies and always run straight. The ! lines are curved in synthetic rubies, i That is the only difference between | a real and an imitation stone, according to a writer in London AnI swers Magazine.
Faked emeralds are perhaps the most brilliant example of the synthetic jeweler's art. ^ A piece of colored crystal is carefully overlaid with a layer of genuine emerald, by means of fusing.
If a jeweler lays this dud stone under the “refractometer," which measures the angles of light reflected from its facets, the “emerald" will pass his test. The stone must be removed from its setting before it is possible to discover the fake.
The cultured pearl would easily deceive but not so the expert; he would look for the small blister that always appears in them, strung, a hole is bored through the blister. Even then, however, its
• • •
Be o "leader" this summer. Know the thrill of being out in front in getaway and on the hills. Own the car combining "*11 that’s best at low-
car, the spirited car, the the new 1939 Chevrolet/
A special general meeting of the Shareholders and Patrons of Clarendon
CHEVROLET'S FAMOUS VALVE-M-HEAD SIX
Vâlve-tn-keid engines have made all world records—on lend water—end in the eir.
I,
II ’
est cost"—the safe
.V
sales-leading car
• r
• it
11 r
! /
L. A. SMART,
President.
reRHCTEDMe™™
HYDRAULIC BRAKES
Maximum effect with minimum
)
The only low-prktd car
"AIL THAT'S BIST AT LOWEST COST!"

| Shawville Pentecostal Church
We are eagerly looking forward to the visit with us on Sunday and Monday, May 7 and 8 of Miss Ruth Le Pera, Missionary jtst arrived home on fur ough from Liberia, West Africa.
Jpiss Le Pers will have a lantern with her and will show stereopticon news of the Liberian Mission field where she hae been labouring.
As the Bristol Ridge Assembly have not the facilities in their church for showing slides, we are planing. on having them join with us here at Shawville. Remember the dates Sunday and Monday, May 7 and 8.
Geo. DiaHA? Pastor. '
Great Herbal Emetic
The great herbal emetic comes from ipecac, a tropical plant. The great herbal pain-killer is morphihe. a derivative of the opium poppy ; this is not grown in the United States. The herbal fever-fighter it quinine, from the cinchona ire# which grows in Brazil and Asia. Q medically valuable plants, the Unit ed States has extremely few. .Pei haps the two best known are cas cars sagrada hark from the Pacifi,
B,.k,
drive,1* left
When
presence can be discerned by the
John L. Hodgins
trained eye.
Generally speaking, it la the. cutting and setting of synthetic

Shawville
Quebec
common may apple plant, which art used in the preparation of laxatKnfe
in this respect
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER
1 >
, f

