###PAGE###1###


I
1
:
91.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United S ta tee
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1939
No 42, 56th Year
Cowling
ÀdltiA Rebekah Lodge pnrpo holding a mixed dance on Fridf night, May 5th.
Eahtkr Suppkr—The Ladies' Guild of St Paul's Church are holding an Easter Supper in the Theatre Hall, Shawvllle, on Friday evening of this week.
Zion United Sunday School Is re opening for the Summer next Sunday at 12 80 p.m. and nil officers and scholars are asked to be present.
The regular monthly meeting of Clarendon Women’s Institute will be held in the Agricultural Hall, Shawville, on Wednesday afternoon, April 10, at 2 80 o'clock. Programme — Paper on Home Economics by Mrs. J. A. Hobbs. The members will be hostesses.
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN
'•e
av
Mr. Jack Tolhurit spent the Wioowe-At Slmwville Commun
"2£rh,2”Z'L	p.ltriori&:t,M,0,;nï0ï!:,'o^pn2i| Business College
week-end with relatives in Otta-
Shawville Hardware
l/lty Hospitfil on
v 10, 1900, to Mr. and ---- —.......
Wiggins (nee Vida Woods) of Maryland, Que, a daughter.
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
WA
theÇenuine
Mr. Alex Newton spent the _	t ^	„ .. ,
week-end with h te pe rent* in 8vn*TRUM - At Grace Hoepitnl, Montre*!.	Ottow», on Monde y, April did.
mm * m . w , i i*«	1089, to Mr. and Mrs. Wallace
Miss Beverley Masson Se visiting	Suostrum, (nee Sophie Walla) of
at the home of her sister, Mrs. O-goode. Out., a son. Both hmmereon Paul, in Ottawa this we,| week.	. | #	|
Principal C S. Douglas spent the #/
Easter vacation at his home in M Sutton, Que.
Mise Edith Cun ie Mills visited friends in Toronto during the Easter holidays.
Mrs. Jack Pembroke, of Montreal, is a guest of Mrs. O. 0. McDowell, this week.
Sherwin-Williams M W
emHustre

m
*
I
re. W J. Cades Dies at Ottawa Clvls Hospital
SATIN-KMAMKl
The sensational wmêhjtbJe satin enamel for walla, woodwork, fùmiture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other ft^jÿs wash off with soap and water. We have • full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
$1.60
W. 1. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The death occurred at Ottawa Civic Hospital on Friday afternoon, April 7th, of Mrs. W. J.
fe,i,S5d.«Vltil'JS; HARLAND O. ROWAT
MK' £ii” teT-ffir I WOTA.Y PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Per
O
Quart
taedard Church Incorporated y Quebec Government
Quebec Legislature Las recently passed a Bill of Incorporation of the Standard Church of America, thus recognizing Its Dominion Charter, and authorizing its ministers to conduct all religious rites of their Church in the province
J
Miss Effie Wilson, spent the
Easter vacation at her home in January last and was removed to
Vankleek Hill, Ont	Ottawa Civic Hospital about uuawvili f oijf
h™'tot ^	0MZ: St,enGQuFeHOd8lnS """"""
Miss Elaine McDowell spent the |ate James McTiernan, and his Easter vacation at the home of wile, Henrietta Stevens. Follow-sister, Mrs. Olmsted, in Aylmer. |»g her marriage in 1898 to Mr.
Mr. nnd Mrs. W. 0. Stark visited W. J Bade*, she came to Shaw-
sgtft wwk Sms
husband, a sgn, Oi mis ton, of Mr. Horace Hennick, of North Shawville ; a daughter, . Mrs.
Bay, is spending a week with his Harold Chant, of Toronto ; also parents, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel three sisters, Mrs. A. E. Richard-Hennick.	son, of Ottawa ; Mrs. W. G. Clarke
IpiSS HHP
The funeral was held on Monday Among those from a distance afternoon, from the late home on attending the funeral of Mrs. W. Main Street, to the United Church,
J Eades on Monday afternoon of and was attended by a very large DONAT Le GUERRIER this week were: Mr. and Mrs number of sympathetic relatives	B	H
Russsli Letts and Mr. W m. Stitt, and friends. Service was conductor North Bay, and Mrs James ed by the pastor, Rev. A F. Fokes,
Stitt, of Fort Conlonge,	who delivered an impressive address from the text, Rom 8	__
“For I am persuaded that neither jBranch at Quyon ; will call any death nor life shall be able to	Monday on request,
sang the hymn, “There is a Green Hill far away."
Interment was made in the Village Cemetery,‘.the pall-bearers be * ing members; of the Municipal Council, Mayor G. G. McDowell and Councillors R. P. Eades, Emerson Co tie. J. M Argue, G. A Howard and C. N. Woodley.
The large number of beautiful floral tokens received bore testimony to the esteem in which Mrs.
Eudes was held and the sympathy felt for the bereaved family, these inc luded the following The family ; Mr. and Mrs ? A. E Richardson : Mr. and Mrs. W. G Clarke and Son ; Mrs. J H. Boyle and family ; Mr. and Mrs. Wm.
Marshall and Mr and Mrs. Russell Marshall ; Mrs. John Eades and Mr. and Mrs. Archie McLean ; Mr and Mrs. Geo. Eades and Mr. and ,	_	....	,	Mrs. Jas. C. Porter?; Misses Ella,
owsley	and	child	|	m A,H| Mr. Wm. Steele ; Mr*
Mervyn Eades and family and Mr. and Mrs. Basil Qnaile ; Mr. and Mrs. R P. Eades : John Marshall andîSon ;1 Mr. nnd Mr». Hilliard Hobbs ; Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Argue ;
Mr. and Mrs. R G Hodgins ; Mr. and Mrs. A. Brough ; Mr and Mrs.
B. H. Cochrane and family ; Mr.
..	„	Mu	, .	...	and Mrs. Irvin Swartz; Mr. and
Mrs	Harold McCoy and children	Mrs. Leo Chase ; A. J. Millar ; J.
ofS tits ville.	E. Lorrain ; Lein Hodgins, Henry
MrJ H Kemp and daughter, Hodgins, Wellington Howard and Ariel, of Blackburn, Ont.	Jack Barr ; Msc. Blakeley, W. G
and J. E. Cowan, Geo. Tucker, G.
L. Hynes, Alton Stark, and James L. Horner ; Maple Leaf Milling Pontiac Lodge A F. & A M ;
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Aivoo&te, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
United Y. P. U Present
East
V
Shawville Y\ P. U. conducted a special Good Filday service in the United Church on Friday evening in charge of the district president, Clarence Dean.
The worship service was conducted by Starks Corners' society, with Leslie Dean, Ivan Rose, Mrs. Lennie Dean, Miss I va Wilson and Hubert Elliott taking part. This was followed by a three act sacred Easter pageant entitled “The Portals."
The cast of the pageant was as follows : — Mary Magdalene, Muriel Chamberlain ; Hanna, Effle Wilson; Joanna, Mavfred Horner; Jessica, Margaret Dagg ; Isaac, Ben Midlige ; Peter, Clarence Dean ; John, Ebert Horner ; Judas, Robin Hodgins.
The pageant was directed by Mis. D J7 Campbell, and Mrs. Edgar Hodgins had charge of the music, which consisted of solos by Bert Swartz, Miss K. Woodley and Mrs. S E. McDowell ; a mixed quartet composed of Mrs A. D McUredie, Miss Kathleen Woodley, Messrs. Gordon Paul and Wtimer Hodgins.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A.
C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc
IX. B.,
Main Street . - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e :sry Friday evening.
?
MEN’S
FOOTWEAR
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
¦aster Visitor»
John McKinley,
Harwood Arg Max Childerhose,
Leslie Hodgins,
Rae Howard,
W. R. Condie,
Dr. Clarence Smart,
Leslie and Edgar Smith Lennon Thompson Mrs Robert Clamper,
Misa Elora Hodgins,
" Lorna Macartney “ Gwen Hodgins J " Nora Hodgins 44 Stella Fulford 44 Grace Thompson Mrs. Wm Kirkpatrkk “ H. Millar
Margaret Fyfe _ ss Marion Dale 44 Maude Da lima " Ruth Jewell " Muriel Watkins Mrs M M. Ross, R N.
Dr, Wallace Hodgins Dr. R E Dagg Mrs. Ernest T ren, of Ottawa.
Miss Amy Dahtii*, Sorel, Que. •* Patricia McDowell, Comp
Richmond
Ottawa
is
%%e,
Our new Spring lines are complete, we have shoes and work boots made by the following high class manufacturers
ll
ss
Dp. R. E. DAGG
, SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
It
II
• t
• 6
ll
II
Annual Meeting of y Curling Club V
IS
1
ll
F
C
John Palmer Co. Palmer McLellan Co. Williams Shoe Co. Eudore Fournier Creb Shoe Co. Sisman’s Hartt Shoe Co.
IS
PLATEAU 63 8 8
On Wednesday evening of last week Shawville Curling Club held its annual meeting in the club room with a large number of members present.
The election of officers for the 1989 • 40 season resulted as follows :
President, O. O. McDowell ; vice president, Dr. S. E. McDowell ; sec-treas, Basil Foreman.
Ice commit tee—Graham Spence,
H. M. Turner and G. A McDougall.
Match committee — C. H. MacLean, Moreland Hodgins and Gordon Paul.	.	.
Following the business part of the meeting club pins were pie-sen ted to the winners of the main schedule, the recipients being N A. Drummond, W. E. Cochrane,
Graham Spence and A. G Brough, skip.
A large photo album was pre sented to the Club by A G. Brough for a photo record or each season's winning rink The gift was appropriately acknowledged by past president, A D. McCredie.
In recognition of his faithful services as caretaker during the	.
past season. Bel win Burton, wasi^entenanan
presented with a sum of money.

SS
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
IS
IS
II
Wi
IS
Montreal
X
SS
IS
\ \
ss
BELAIS 3 267
¦!
SI
o
IS
D. J. CAMPBELL
V
c
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville

ton
x
“ Nellie Larson,
“ Ethel Smart, Dunraven “ Ai mintn McDowell, Hull Brome Pokes, Gananoqtie, Ont. Donald McRae, Weetmount Mr. and Mrs. Ken Stark, Cobden
I
Phone SI.
i
Dr. R. G. DOCKS

Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone iu
At Campbell’» Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
Work Boots and Fine Shoes from
Mrs. James Beaman
Passes
$1.95 up to $10.00
The death occurred at the home I Shawville L ni ted Church ; Shaw of her eon, Elisha Beeman. Lower | ville Council.
Litchfield, Que, * on Saturday,
April 8th. 1939, of Rose Cunning ham, wife of the late James Beeman, aged 100 years.
The funeral was held from the late residence at 9.00 o’clock on Tuesday morning. 11th inst.. to Portage du Fort Roman Catholic Church and cemetery, where service was conducted by Rev.
Father Archambean, P. P.
Presbyterian Cnureh Retains Right to Name
»
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
e	9
Special—See our special Heavy Duty 'Arch',
Boof. A real good work boot for men
Men with foot trouble
JAMES A. MILLAR
LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
*29 Main St
Two Senate bills affecting the Piesbyteiian Church in Canada received third and final reading in the House of Cômtnons last week.
One measure established beyond question the right of the Church to its present name and is an amendment to the United Chinch of Canada Act passed iu 1924. That provided that Presbyterian congregations which did not then become part of the United Church might use any other name. The — Church claimed the right to the name Presbyterian.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL AHT« SUILDINO
B. A
• #
made by Greb. should see this boot.
Hull,Que.
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2 -7981
• 9
A t Pontiac Hoots, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
Mr. and Marshall Horner, of South Porcupine, Bereaved
The funeral of little Bernard Horner, only child of Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Horner, Who died in Kirkland District Hospital _on Tuesday. March 21st. was held on folio w i n (¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I Church of the Holy Name where service was conducted by Rev. Father Roy McMahon.
Interment was in the parish cemetery, the pall-bearers being four playmates of the deceased, Michael Kerney, Martin Jeffreys, Teddy Kemp and Earl Carling.
Little Bernard, who had been visiting his grandparents. Mr. and Mrs P. Gleason, died suddenly of peritonitis following an appendex-toray. He was in his fifty year
The popularity of the little boy and the sympathy felt for >oi**ow-ing parents and grand pars	was
exemplified by the vary large her or messages and flu ml tributes I
w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Slatrlet of PsatUc
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
boys special
A new Shoepack— A special work or play boot for boys, that will stand good hard
Made by Fournier, a good snappy
new
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PNOM, 2-12
Easier Services at United
wear, looking boot.
afternoon to the
the
Special Easter services wete held in the United Church on Sunday. The pastor gave Easter messages to large congregations.
The church pulpit was banked with Easter ltlle* given by the Woman's Association and a basket of flowers sent by Miss Winnifred Connolly, of Ottawa, in memory of her mother.	.	, ,	_
At both services the choir of twenty five voices sang special Easter anthems under the leader shit of Gordon T. Paul and with Mr*. Edg«" Hodgins, at the organ. In the evening special selections
sc.
Hodgins,	WUiner and
Leelfcaigins.
1t9 MAIN STIHT,
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Jampbeli’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p in. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
82.50

III
RBPRBSKNTING 0MPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone tl-7,1. 1, Shawville, Quo
Quebec
Shawville
1
SHAWVILLE . QUE
4
received!.
i
4
i
###PAGE###2###
spout sowing corn, or what would you recommend and at what rates per acre? W.H.B. Simcoe County.
A.—Regarding the sowing of fertiliser on corn, the general opinion is that sowing the fertiliser through all of the tubes, if the rate is not higher than 260 lbs. per acre, will help the corn and not injure its vitality. If you wish to apply the fertiliser heavier than this, it would probably be best to proceed as you suggest; cut off the fertiliser dropper from the row where the corn Is being sown and let the fertilizer be sown through the tubes on either side.
RINGS INSTANT IASI
Tomb of King George V In Chapel at Wimlaor
! Farm Forum 1
*s0>
Î
Conducted by Professor Henry C. Bdtl, Dept, of Chemistry, On* terio Agricultural College, Guelph, with the ce-operation of the vnr$-depertments of the O.À.C.
1. Q.—Will you please answer the following questions to clear away the cobwebs in my brain:
Around about here farmers are buying Phosphate and Potash separately, and mixing it, sowing It without a filler. What do you think of this practice? One agent told me last year the complete fertilizer was cured better and was more available to plant life. We bag (125 lbs.) of a complete
What I


K
ni

out
A
¦ ¦

lui
v

M
l INimiNi
V.
y
B

ni

i
t

3
1


I »
Classified Advertising

SOW tt
fertilizer to the acre, wish to know is how much of the Phosphate and how much Potash would be required to equal in strength a complete fertiliser 0-12-10. The Phosphate 20% and Potash GO %. I mean how many pounds of each must I have to equal an 0-12-10? J.D.L., Oxford County.
A.—In order to make up a 0-1210 you could mix 120 lbs. of 20% Superphosphate with 34 lbs. of 60% Potash and get the analysis 0-12-10. This should be sown very soon after mixing since the chemicals tend to react on one another, and the mixture may become sticky from taking up moisture out of the air. There would be no reversion of available plant-food in this mixture, and the plant-food will be just as available as it would be in 200 lbs. jof factory-mixed 0-12-10. The fertiliser agent is right in saying that the complete mixtures are usually well-cured hence are more certain to be in optimum drilling condition.



y



FOR SALK
—	" tirkkys
BOBS JET BLACK TURKEY TOUS.
5M,dltYi 'T'- „à. «
to,* M,raA.r.£s
Harold. Ontario.
artici.es for 8Ai.ro




PLAIN AND

r

S
F*
ISSSti
FARM BXUJ1P11K1IT
rA", ^..<.KduH.rTt2fS
oat separator testimoniale. Kline Manufacturing, Islington. Ontario.
». pûu^u^iapn shows the permanent tomb of King George V in St. George's chapel, Windsor, where it was placed opposite the memorial to the Duke of Kent, the late monarch's great-grandfather. The tomb was designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens, R.A. and the recumbent figure is the work of Sir William Reid Dick, R.A. King George's sarcophagus was recently dedicated at a private ceremony attended by the present King and Queen and members of the royal family. It is the first one to be located in the public part of the chapel.
This
alto accessories
LIVE STOCK
MAPl.EMERH 8AM. PERCHERON
1 chest' broken
ES*p§
plete satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. Lowest price* Prompt shipment. All chargee paid. Osler Auto Parte, 96 Osier, Toronto. *	__
maillon, enrolled, rising 1 nut. 1900 lbs. Thoroughly to harness. Homer Talcott. Bloomfield, Ontario._____ "
GUERNSEY BULL* ALSO PURS bred and grade cow#. C. Flatt, It.It. No. 2, Hamilton.

«zJI&ïe and
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE


i Ne

«T
WITH THE
* BOY SCOUTS
' »
is&
»

GLADIOLI UP: BN GLADIOLI. 100 LARGE PICARDY Bulbs 91.50 postpaid. W. Glass. It. H. No. 1, Ancaster. Ont.
AW

«
AGENTS WANTED
AGENTS WANTED IN district to sell a product used tn
makar. h°So%	ToUto"^
Office.
BIO SPARE-TIME PROFITS. REP-
aw Aar 4»
A., Fidelity Circulation. Boi 100.
a
1.	— When a secretary is introducing a caller to her employer, should she say, “Mr. Morgan (the caller), this is Mr. Gibson (employer)
2.	—Which is better, to have a dozen real close friends, or be like some people who seem to be a friend of everybody?
3.	—When a husband and wife are giving a dinner at their home, and have no servants, who should greet the guests at the door they arrive?
4.	—Isn’t it all right to send out written wedding invitations?
5.	—Is a woman permitted to he the first to suggest that a man call on her?
6.	—Must the fork be used for cutting salad?
-A-<

EVERY

HOT IRON TRANSFERS
Service, being organized to protect shipping in wartime, duties will include rescue work and maintenance of communication by speed boats and a series of signalling stations, in case of telephone disruption.
In recently winning the Leonard Shield, in the provincial junior first aid competitions conducted by the St. John Ambulance Association, the first aid team representing the 10th Brantford Boy Scout Troop was repeating for the third time in four years. Windsor and Toronto Scouts first aid teams tied for second place.
Henry G. Bell, Dept of

Their
Bid PACKAGE OF HOT IRON Transfers, eight sheets, over two hundred designs; also valuable Instruction stitch chart; mall *# cents In cash. Needlecraft Guild. 531 College street. Toronto.
Chem.
2. Q.—I wish some information regarding the sowing of fertilizer with corn for ensilage. I have always sown the corn on a sod or a field of ground that was badly infested with twich-grass, but owing to the dry weather of late, I have been unable to get catches of clover so thought of using some fertilizer on the corn along with the manure. I sow witt fertilizer drill, 35 inches apart, and wish to know if it would be better to aow fertilizer one spout each side of
Toronto.
HUGS FOR SALE
ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS
FOR SALE — FOUR YEAR OLD Yorkshire Sire. Best Market Pen Royal Winter Fair and other Boar Winners; Yearling boar el re, Grandelre. and two nearest Gran-dams In Advanced Registry. Four months boars and aowa. Shade-land Farms. Eden. Ont
IF SUFFERING FROM ASTHMA
S : yC Vo? 'trial0	' % TONE %
Remedy1 which*If'ghrjA Instant relief to many thousands. Literature free. Astons Products. 71 A Adelaide West Toronto. Sold by PruKKlsta at 50c and 11-00.
A Boy Scout first aid squad maintained for the third year at St. George’s Island Park, Calgary, by the 4th Calgary (Elks’ Own) Boy Scout Troop, last summer took care of 81 cases of injury, according to the Annual Report of the Park Superintendent. The Scout first aiders were on duty 48 days, including week-ends and public holidays. The equipment for the station was supplied by the Canadian Red Cross. Medical necessities for the first aid chest are maintained by the Calgary Parks Department.
As a headquarters for Saskatchewan’s training centre for Boy Scout leaders, plans a re under way for building a replica of the old Hudson’s Bay trading post at Fort Qu’Appelle. Duplicates of the ancient blockhouse and the group of log cabins will be constructed, and surrounded by a fence of palings. It is planned also to erect a provincial museum lor Indian relics.
as
An enrolment in Scouting of nearly three out of every four boys of the Church of Latter Day Saints was announced at the quarterly conference at Raymond, Alta. It was stated that the church had adopted the Scout Movement as a permanent feature of its programme. Declared the Elder Bullard: “It is just as important in this church as the Sunday school or any other auxiliary organization and we intend to promote it to the fullest."
“I cannot think of any better education and training for the youth of Canada than the Scouting Movement.”—Hon. Gilbert Iayton, Minister without Portfolio, Quebec.
London Sea Scouts having headquarters on the River Thames have enrolled in the Port of London Authority’s River Emergency
NO FILM nEUL’lBKD
SEND US YOUR SNAPSHOTS Oft old photos.. We specialise In making enlargements direct from any. print 6” x 7" enlargements coloured 60c: SH a 10" enlargement coloured 76c. Siam
Tru Foto Studios 1______
Dirks Building, Mon treat
BABY CHICKS_____________
BRAY CHICKS ARE GOVERNMENT approved. Hatched from big egg#. All breeder» blood-tested and fed special hatching rations. They live well, grow fast lay early, lay heavily, make money for y oil Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
Answers
1. No. She should mention her employer’s name first: “Mr. Gibson, this is Mr. Morgan, who telephoned you for an appointment.”
2.	It is preferable to have a dozen real genuine friends. “A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.”
3.	The husband. 4. Yes. Informal notes, written on one’s personal stationery, are all right, but engraved invitations and announcements is the better form. 5. Yes; she has that privilege. 6. Yes ; one should not use the knife.
THAT REMINDS ME-
THERE'S MORE VALUE FOR THE e MONEY IN OGDEN'S

l'ATKNTS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions end full Information sent free. The Ramsay Company. Registered. Patent Attorney», 27* Rente 8L Ottawa. Cun.____________
BUY BRAY CHICKS. MRS. PAT McCrank does. "Each year we buy Bray Chicks", she says, * they make more money for us. We are well satisfied." You'll be satisfied too. Bray Hatchery, 130 John SL North. Hamilton, Ontario.
HATCHES FOR SALE
QUILTING PATCHES. WOOLLEN pieces, colours, good selection, S tbs. Il.lt. .like 3 lb». «1.00. Poet-aid. Dominion Dreaa. SOI Mark-am, Toronto._________________ . _
2600 CHICKS—FREE—2500 CHICKS From a choice of a flock of 2.000 Ij&rge Type S. C. White Leghorn Breeders, 1,000 Leghorn Rock (hybrids) or 1,000 Large Egg Sise Strain Barred Rocks. All you have to do to win a prise — Guess the number of eggs laid from a flock of 230 Large Type S. C. White Leghorns for the months of November and December and send us the names of 6 people who are interested In Poultry and buy chicks each year. You may win a prize as high as 300 chicks free. Lakevlew Poultry Farm, Weln Bros., Exeter, Ont.
K
r*
"Roll-your-owners” with a yen for real ¦¦¦¦ value bank on Ogden's for real money's worth. They know that Ogden's gives the highest percentage of smoking pleasure, that it pays sure dividends in cooler, smoother, sweeter smoking.
PHOTOGRAPHY
:
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and , gloss prints 26c. Reprint» _ price. 8 enlarged print» 26c. ¦ Brlghtllng Studio. 29A Richmond East, Toronto.
HAVE
SL
riltSONAL
TO MAKE MEN STRONG
A new drink that makes men strong has been tested at the Long Island College of Medicine.
The drink is about one-third of a cupful daily of ordinary dry gelatine dissolved in orange and lemon juice.
Results, six men doubled their muscular endurance in about a month and a half training at bicycle riding. On women there was no effect.
CURE FOR FLU MENINGITIS
The case of a two-year-old baby who apparently was cured of influenza meningitis by the use of sulfapyridine, a new anti-pneumonia drug, was reported at University of Kansas Hospital last week.
EARLY CANCER TEST
A diagnostic test for early canin human beings—a development that would be a great aid in combatting the disease—is reported in Science, official organ of the American Associatioi for the Advancement of Science.
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers' daughters. Widow» wltk Property. Particular» 16c. Cos-fldentlal. Box 128. Calgary. Alberta.
aRD
How Can I?
DON'T MISS THESE BARGAINS! Two-week old Barred Rock Cockerels .09c, Mixed 112.60, Pullet* $19.95. New Hampshire Red Cockerels, ,08c. Pullets $19.95. Three weeks old add .08c, Big Egg Quality add .01c, Extra Select add .01c. Rush your order if you want these bargains. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden. Ontario.
Smokrn/-A$k	I
For	A
Ogden9$ m
t
BY ANNE ASHLEY
t
HE
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Tee-
Guaranteed. Advice
Cut
Q.—How can I keep the parts together when using a cement to repair broken glass?
A.—After using a cement to repair broken glass or china, place a strip of adhesive tape over the repair, temporarily. The parts will be kept together until the cement is thoroughly dry.
Q.—How can I prevent waste, and save time, when grating cheese?
A.—Time and labor can be saved when using cheese for au gratin potatoes and macaroni, if the cheese is put through the food cheaper. By doing this, all the small pieces of cheese which are so difficult to grate, can be utilized.
Q.—How can I soften glue that has hardened in its container?
Q.—How can T clean white window shades?
A.—One method is to use finely powdered bath brick. Apply with a dry, clean nail brush. Brush the soiled spots briskly until the stains disappear.	«
Q.—How can I make a good acid for the manicure?
A.—Put one teaspoon ful of lemon Juice into a cup of warm water. Stains will be removed from the fingers and nails, and it will also loosen the cuticle.
ft,
tlmoalala. _______ ___________
free. Bartlett's. Box 1. Winnipeg.
»
>
r/
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE romantic sweetheart with money, write: Mary Lee. 445-0, Rolls, Missouri
There used to appear in the catalogue of a mail-order house a picture of a pair of corduroy trousers.
Year after year the picture appeared, together with the description of the trousers—and the price, $2.50.
In the twenty-fifth year of the advertisement the company received this letter:
“Dear Friend: The more I been seeing them corduroy breeches, the more I got to wantin’ them. If you ain’t sold them yet, let me know, and I will buy them.— Yours truly, Si Higginbotham.”
BUY DIRECT FROM THE PRODUCer when you get the chance. There are some articles you have to buy from an agent, but not so with Tweddle chicks. We sell to you direct and save you money. Grade A Barred Rocks, New Hampshire Reds, White Rocks, Hybrids $11, Pullets $18, Cockerels $6. Brown Leghorns. White Leghorns, $10.60, Pullets $22., Cockerels $8. Extra Profit Grade all hatched from 26 to 30 ounce egg slightly higher. Prompt shipment. Free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
Cool


HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amusingly sus-ceasful hyblood treatment Pedigreed Products, Saskatoon, Bask.

WANTED — ORIGINAL pO~™ songs, for immediate consideration. Send poems to Columbian Music Publishers, Ltd., Dept. MIT, Toronto, Canada.
47,1
OGDEN’S
FINE CUT
REAL ESTATE
AT MATTAWA, ONT.. 14 - ROOM brick house, aU conveniences, large verandah and lawn, beautifully situated on shore of Ottawa River, away from streets, suitable for club or summer home. Will sell reasonably. Write Box 64, Mattawa, Ontario.
CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS#
IT POURS
Three-piece Used Chesterfield Suite, repp covering, first class SE ¦ j condition
Three-piece Used English Velour Chesterfield Suite, com- doa cn pletely reconditioned .. Three-piece Used Chesterfield Suite, best English mohair, in rich brown shade, rebuilt through-	QQ
$19.50
cer
CLEANLY
eeee ###########

Nit—Why do you speak so hoarse ?
Wit—I was talking through a screen door and it strained my voice.
480-ACRE FARM. SOUTH-EAST OF Battleford, Bask. Log buildings. 60 acres under cultivation, good pasture, plenty water; $1000.01 cash for the place, 8. R. North-wood. Coronation, Alberta.
8
out
• •ooooooooooossoeooe
Money-beck Guarantee
Freight paid to yenr etntlon Royal Chesterfield Manufacturera
t It Toronto
X
Schiaparelli shows much unrelieved black, either cut in deep square
with short sleeves.
SEEDS FOR SALE
“Oh, darling,” cooed the wife of one of our married men, “I’ve set my heart on a new studio eouch.”
“Indeed?” came back our chum. “Well, sweetness, that’s the only part of you that ever will «et on one.”
FILMS DEVELOPED
decollete or high necked
HOME GROWN SEEDS. ALL Government grades. Alfalfa, red clever, alelke. timothy, sweet clover. Ask for samples and prices delivered to you. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd.. Caledonia, Ont
ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 26c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY 2 RUSSELL ST„ TORONTO.
DV POURING SHUT
jor the turnpmiullM
It’s free—writ, 1er erne NOW
Quickly Relieves the Pain of
WRITE FOR OUR PRICE LIST ON all kinds of grass and clover eeeda Highest Quality and k prlcea We supply bags and prepay. Crown Bros., Arkona. Ontario.
BURNS, SCALPS
CHAFING
MAIII GOODS
White
WIGS. TOÜPBS. TRANSFORMA-tlons. switches. Curie, end ell types of finest quality Hair Oooda Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terme arranged. Toronto Hu an Hair Supply Co. 628 Bathurst Toronto-
“Did the doctor take your temperature?"
“1 dunno. All I've missed so far is my watch/'
be
• le
| What Science I * Is Doing *
# Provide# m
In Bums and Scalds every second counts. No keep a tube of Menthols turn always within reach . . . ready for every emergency. The moment a bom or ¦cald occur., »pp!v MenthoUtum totbe affected part and relief will quictiy follow. Thia healing balm aoothee the tortured tissues .. » cools and draws out the sting and bum • •, promotes quick, healthful healing.
Menthols! am b, uaed by million, of people the world over for the relief of chafing an» I chapped skin .., head and cheat eold» and catarrh .. . neuralgia,
of other
ta.
$26 REWARD FOR ANY CORN OR Callous which cannot be removed by Lloyd's Special Treatment, urn-der our supervision. Prevents return. Send 66c for complete treatment, regular 76c. LloyFe-Êk 1211 SL Clair West Toronto.
A city man's secretary looked
up from her typewriter and saw a beautiful blonde, carrying some papers, glide into the private office, smiling sweetly.
"Listen,” said the secretary, taking stock of the charmer, “if you try to get the boss away from IH scratch your eyes out?”
"Don’t worry, dear,” answered the visitor, “I’m not the new typist. -I'm only the boss’s wife.”
a pretty echeel
HELP WANTED MALE
BECOME A DETECTIVE. MEN over IS wanted everywhere. Detective# earn good wages. Rewards. Work home or travel. Correepondence training course. Write for free Information to Box 25. Station T. Montreal.
TOUCH MEATS “TENDERIZED”
A process of “tenderizing” meat through the use of ultra-violet rays—which makes cheap cuts as toothsome as prime sirloin has been invented.
The method, which soon will go into commercial use in Cleveland, supplants the costly, centuries-old process of “ripening” “hanging” choice meats for weeks to achieve tenderness.
TANNING
EXPERT TANNING OF HIDES FOR Harneee Lace & Robes. Alee DEER. Etc. Free 11 at sad tegs. Town# A Nona Merrltton. Ontario.
1er

> nnq
TOBACCO
4-POUND SAMPLE PACKAGE BUR, ley Zimmer, prior leaf, flavoring end recipes, or S-pound sample package Virginia Burley, 1 and prior leaf; 1 ssmpiee fartured, $1.06 postpaid Ruthvee Tobacco Exchange. Ruthven. OnL
-
Non-irriiatuiK
most eensiUv*	_
guaranteed or numq back. Get a
tube or jar today.

akin and relief m
. .v.
When
or
39
Is-ue No. 1
“Dept A"

—A
3
###PAGE###3###
He Is Risen
feast of Eoitre of Ostara, the Anglo-Saxon goddess of spring, was celebrated In April, which was named Eosturmonath, or Easter month, when young lambs were principal Items at all the feasts. With the coming of Christianity, and the celebration of the Christian Easter, the traditional use of lamb still persisted, and so on to the present day.
Canadian Lamb At Best More Canadian farmers are specializing in the raising and fattening of lambs for the Easter market. Many thousands of western range lambs were placed In feed-lots both in Eastern and Western Canada last fall. After several months of feeding on the best of alfalfa, silage, roots and home grown grains, these lambs are now ready for slaughter and are being marketed from week to week. The quality of the product is at Its best. Lamb will therefore be In season at Easter time; In fact, Canadian lamb of quality is available throughout the entire year.
Lamb’s The Meat At Easter Time
Has Long Been Associated With The Festivities Of The Spring Season.
Lamb Is a meat that has long been associated with the Easter season. Early, in the history of the world, lamb was used In religious ceremonies, the Israelites, during their captivity In Egypt, keeping up their old practice as a pastoral people of sacrificing the firstlings of their flocks In the spring.
Among the Anglo-Saxons, Norsemen and other Teutonic races, the
and through it sinners trust on his saving work.
Heart Of Christian Message
In this glorious chapter in First Corinthians "we find the central, classic passage dealing with the subject of resurrection in the New Testament.
After proving the historic reality of Christ's physical resurrection Paul proceeds to emphasize the tremendous importance of such a fact. If a man does not believe in the resurrection of Christ, he does not have the Christian message; he does not have anything to preach of any value; and he most certainly cannot talk about salvation in Jesus Christ. Christ's resurrection is, among other things, an indisputable testimony to God's full acceptance of Christ's work for us on the cross.
19. If we have only houed in Christ in this life, we are of all men most pitiable. 20. But now hath Christ been raised from the dead, the first-fruits of them that are asleep. 21. For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. 22. For as in Adam all die, so also in Christ shall all be made alive. Paul proceeds from a discussion of Christ's resurrection as a historic fact to an application of the fact to our own lives. On the one hand, Christ's resurrection is a guaranty of ours: he is the first-fruits; we shall follow.
On the other hand, Paul says that this truth, instead of giving us an excuse for carelessnss in our daily life, should prove a tremendous incentive to holy living here, now, daily.
Pasture Care Not Expensive
Pasture experiments during the last decade or so have demonstrated very strikingly the Improvements that can be secured In yield and quality of pasture herbage and that these can be secured in yield and quality of pasture herbage and that these can be secured very economically. Experiments conducted at the Fredericton Experimental Station, states T. C. Chlasson, agricultural assistant, have shown how pasture yields can be Increased by the use of commercial fertilizer.
A pasture field receiving a complete fertilizer since 1928, has given an average yield, for the last three years, of 7,277 pounds dry matter per acre, compared with a yield of 3,303 pounds dry matter per acre for a field that had no fertilizer since 1923. This was an increase of 3,974 pounds of dry matter costing $3.61 or $1.82 per ton. Therefore there does not seem to be any doubt that fertilizing will Increase yields economically.
The herbage on the fertilized pasture was also much more valuable as It was made up largely of nutritious grasses and clovers, while the herbage on the unfertilised pasture was composed largely of unpalatable grasses and weeds.
Taking No Chances
REG’LAR FELLERS
Post Office detectives In Londo#
are trying to trap a gang stealing receivers from telephone booths, and are puzzled because they ssjr the Instruments are useless for any other purpose.
Production of military 'planes in Canada will start next year, the Minister said adding:
"Here we have the beginning of a great development and what may prove to be a valuable supplement to our production.”
Eggs For Easter An Old Tradition
The origin of the Easter egg tradition is lost in antiquity but year after year the delightful pract'ce of adorning the breakfast t.ule with eggs on Easter Sunday morning continues. It matters not that the first fresh eggs no longer come with Easter, the beginning of Spring. The modern model of the humble hen may, and usually does, produce her excellent product the year round. Easter Is still associated with eggs, with the hen scratching In the warming earth, newly aware of her destiny.
Eggs, In the Easter tradition, are always boiled In the shell. For children, of course, they must be colored, with one of an Infinite variety of home or commercial preparations. No parents, treasuring childhood memories of bowls of multi-colored eggs on Easter morning, would deny a similar pleasure to their children.
For children, pullet eggs, If they are available, will prove an added attraction, their small size lending a youthful touch and having the further practical advantage of enabling Junior to dispose of a greater number. These small eggs are sold under the designation of Grade ? Pullet.
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
\

%

40
4
A GRASSHOPPER.
CAN JUMP ABOUT
/OO TIMES
rvs OWN LENGTH

ïi
%

/V\ANUFACTURE OF
PROTEIN
IS AN EVER.YDAV
Look For Beef Prices To Rise

NO CHEMIST HAS BEEN IN MA KINO ONE SINGLE PAQTiCLE OP T.
t
APPROXIMATED/
ACXVX2
Possibility of an increase in the price of beef after April 1 Is seen by £. J. Smith, president of the Whyte Packing Company, Stratford, Ontario, although Mr. Smith stated that he did not anticipate a very large increase, says the Stratford Beacon-Herald.
Fanners are holding back their cattle until that date when the present tariff of three cents on cattle exported to the United States is reduced to two cents. This will mean a considerable additional return to farmers and as feed is cheap and plentiful they are holding on to their stock.
The Canadian market does not seem to be able to absorb heavy beef cattle, Mr. Smith said. When exports are resumed under the new quota heavy shipments to the United States are anticipated. The Toronto market at present is dull.
There is no intimation that hog prices will be any higher in the near future, Mr. Smith said. Prices are remaining firm, but the wholesale price is below value right now. The prices are running a little below last year's level. *
THROUGHOUT
WORLD ARE BURIED
UNtDEA/T/F/EO
'Cu&yt
COW 1W7 BY NE* SERVICE INC.

MAN'S factories and chemical laboratories are but playthings, compared to the marvelous manufacturing processes carried on inside the cells of common, ordinary plants. From simple foods taken into the plant, hundreds of amazing products are made through the magic of sunlight
NEXT: What stones did Japan and the U. 8. exchange as a gesture of good wfll7
¦ ¦ ..- 1 " ---------
J Airplane Inventor
10	Hourly.
11	Merchant
12	His native land.
15 Dimmed as eyes.
17 Note in scale, 20 Either.
22 Sun god.
24 To bury.
27 Back.
30	Rib.
31	Drunkards.
33 Scene of the
pioneer flight» Kitty 36 To slash.
38 To growl.
40	To decorate.
41	Series of epochal events
45 Auditory.
47 Savage.
49 Small horse,
51 Greek letter,
32	Blackbird,
53	Sesame.
54	Sorrowful 56 Capuchin
monkey.
55	Found.
60 Year.
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle
1 Man who was the co-pilot of the first airplane flight.
12	Monkey.
13	Price of Instruction.
ms
0 gi
[SQiiRH

0
mm
or
mnnflrf,
Hanna
BERMUDA
14	Eye.
16 Money factory
15	Musical note.
IS Chaos.
20	Verbal.
21	Whole.
23 Tiresome
speech.
25 Thing.
20 To total.
27	Writing tool 45 Sturdy tree.
28	Meadow.
28 Exists.
90 Prices.
32 Railroad.
34	Bone.
35	Aurora.
37 Turkish
commander.
30 This flight
IB


0
$1,175,000 Daily
For Airplanes
aSaa bqdbh hohk
MunrjKNci ¦ nramidiiHiÉ
Great Britain is spending $1,760,000 daily on the production of military aircraft, Sir Kingsley Wood, Secretary for Air, announced in the House of Commons last week.
By the end of March Britain will have 1,760 first-line 'planes and an undisclosed number as reft equipment. She also has at present 600 first-line machines overseas. Sir Kingsley was confident first-line strength would be 2,370 'planes a year hence.
fui plane.
62 Filthy.
VERTICAL
1	Deems.
2	Leases.
3	Neuter pronoun.
4	Enticed.
5	Falsehood.
6	And.
7	To be victorious.
3 Long automobile roads. 9 Within.
43	To scatter.
44	To drink slowly.
46 In a row.
46 Peak.
80	Transposed. 31 Makes lace. 35 Part of eye. 87 Therefore.
81	Parrot fish. 53 Reverse of
an inlay.
81 He is the of the
first success-
the
Id,
43 Northwest
The
BOOK SHELF
¦y ELIZABETH ERDY
“CANADIAN MOSAIC"
By Job» Murray Gibbon
Royal appreciation of the book “Canadian Mosaic,” a recently published study of Canadian racial origins, by John Murray Gibbon, has been expressed to the author through Alan Lascelles, assistant private secretary to King George VI, who writes from Buckingham Palace by Royal Command. The following quotation from the letter is authorized for publication:
"In view of His Majesty's forthcoming visit to Canada, he is greatly interested by this study of the racial origins of the Canadian people.”	¦¦¦¦¦I
"Canadian Mosaic"
Murray Gibbon , ,	, Toronto:
McClelland A Stewart.
F
mm
!

I
by Job»
By GENE BYRNES
t
*7
?nfi
/
o
M.
-——y
I

9
//
/

I

9
^ »

fT;
C
* #
8 #.

f

%

#
%
<r
#
#v :

*
k

r


SSSk
All

3-31
%
T


k
#
0
Sunday School
Lesion
1IW LESSON II PAUL PREACHES THE RISEN CHRIST (Eaeter Lesson) Acts 13; I Corinthians 15. Printed Teat—Acts 13:18, 23-31, 38, 38; 1 Cor. 15:19-22.
Golden Text—But now hath Christ been raised from the dead, the first-fruits of them that are asleep. I Cor. 16:20.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—St. Paul began hia first missionary journey during the summer of A.D. 47. He wrote the First Epistle to the Corinthians from Ephesus about A.D. 66.
Place.—The apostles set forth en their first journey from . Antioch to Syria; they spent considerable time on the island of Cyprus, Paul's first recorded sermon was delivered in the synagogue of Antioch, the city of Corinth, to which the First Epistle to the Corinthians was addressed, was located in central Greece.
We come in this chapter to one ef the epochal periods in the history of the Christian church, the beginning of Paul's great missionary journeys, by which the gospel was carried to the uttermost part# of the Mediterranean world.
Not long before this, the Lord told Ananias that Paul would stand before kings. This promise is now fulfilled, and the first-fruits begin to be harvested. Wherever the gospel has gone, there has been victory over every evil power, and the emancipation of men iron the chains and bondage of superstition and sin.
Paul At Antioch
Acta 13:14-43. From Paphos Paul set sail for the coast of Asia Minor, and, landing at Perga in Pamphylia, he and Barnabas went the province of Pisidia, where were the province of Pisidia, wher were living a considerable number of Jews, sufficient to require the building of a synagogue. To this synagogue on the Sabbath day Paul and those who were with him repaired; before the service was over this city had heard a great sermon from the greatest preacher of the first century concerning a subject about which probably none of them had ever heard before, the gospel of Jesus Christ.
16. And Paul stood up, and beckoning with the hand said, Men of Israel, and ye that fear God, hearken.
23. Of this man’s seed God according to promise brought unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus. That God would raise up One from the line of David to be a Savior, all the Old Testament testified. What Paul is about to tell them, howeve;, is not only that their Scriptures promised that such a person would come, but that he had come, in the person of Jesus of Nazareth, born and crucified in their very generation.
24. When John had first preached before his coming the baptism ef repentance to all the people of IaraeL 26. And as John was fulfilling hi# course, he said, What suppose ye that I am? I am not be. But behold, there cometh one after me the shoes of whose feet 1 am not worthy to unloose. 26. Brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and those among you that fear God, to us is the word of this salvation sent forth.
27. For they that dwell in Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor the voice# ef the prophets which are read every sabbath, fulfilled them by condemning him. 28. And though they found no cause of death in him, yet asked they of Pilate that he should be slain. 29. And when they had fulfilled all things that were written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a tomb.
30. But God raised him from the dead. Here was the most astonishing statement that could have possibly fallen upon the ears of these people. Paul says that God, his God and their God, had raised this man from the dead, a double miracle, a miracle in nature and a miracle in divine government He goes on to present further evidence to prove this astonishing fact that he has just announced. First, he declares that this person raised from the dead was actually seen, and that some ho had seen the Lord were still living in Palestine and witnessing to this fact. 31. And he was seen for many days of them that came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, whp are now his witnesses unto the people.
38. Be it known unto you therefore, brethren, that through this man is proclaimed unto you remission of sins: 39. and by him every one that believeth is justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Mo-The most important part of Ma first recorded sermon Paul lays stress on his favorite doctrine •f justification, or the declared acquittal from the guilt of sin, a thing not obtained through the Mosaic law, but only through the leath and rising again of Christ,
?


j.


• f


»
*











mzm



M










FiUn

-



vX




X








m
+




###PAGE###4###

I
July, of all names of owners of dog# and the number of dogs owned by each in his division—Carried.
Motion by Crs Han na-G rant, that this Hoard apply to the Department of Hoads, through Mr. G. A. Howard, for a grant of $500.00 for snow fence to be used on a 50-50 basis —Carried
Motion by Crs Whelen Grant, that each Councillor be paid $3.00 per day for delivering the warble-fly treatment. —Carried.
Motion by Crs Whelen Grant, that this Council ask the Department of Hoads, through Mr. G. A. Howard, to take over the Hickanock Hoad—Carried.
Motion by Crs Grant-Macfarlane, that J. D. Moorhead be appointed Auditor for this Council for 1939-^Carried.
Motion by Crs Judd-Whelen, to adjourn.—Carried.
THE EQUITY
HODG-INS
GARAGE
Spring- Time is
SHAWVILLE. APRIL 13,1939
Baby-Chick Time
x
I
Shawville Council
And to make Chick time profitable and pleasant instead of unprofitable drudgery, we advise that you purchase good chicks from Blood Tested Flock», and feed them a Baby Chick Feed that is dependable as well as economical.
For more than five years we have been manufacturing and constantly improving the quality Hades' Kggalent
v Chick Mash Starter, until now we believe it to be equal to any on the market.	§
Below we list several of many reasons why we do not hesitate to ask that this year you stick to this feed for your chicks.
1st—It is manufactured In compliance with the Federal Feeding Stuffs Act of 1937, and registered under this act, bearing Registration No. 1004. Every pound is uniform-aly mixed and must comply with the following guaranteed analysis ; Protein 17 per cent., Fat 4 per cent, Fibre (Max.) 7 per cent. Total Digestable Nutrients 83.7 per cent.
Ap'il 3rd, 131)
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes’ Hall on the above date. Present : His Worship, Mayor McDowell in the chair, and Councillors À. O. Fades, R. P. Fade», Argue, Cotie and Woodley, forming quorum of the Council.
Ths minutes of the last meeting were read and adopted on motion of Crs. Argue and Cotie.
The following bills were submitted to the Council
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
a
John A. Dean,
Sec.-Treas
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
$154 37 62 h3 45 36
County Rate ........
Gatineau Power Co. lights
a power
Bristol Council
M
4 25
Thomas Tubman ...........
G. A. Howard.............
J. H. Strutt .. *........
1. Swartz ...............
G. A. Howard ............
Jack Barr................
R, R. Corrigan...........
Jack Elliott.............
Cecil Howard.............
Garnet Howard ...........
Borden Corrigan .........
George J udd.............
Earl Elliott ............
Basil Elliott............
W. J. Black .............
Wilfred Way..............
Bert Horner .............
McLean Stationers .......
Mrs R. Howard............
Moved by R. P. Eades that the foregoing bills be paid.
Ry-Law No. 124 to control and eradi cate the warble-fly or heel-fly in this Nichols. Motion by Henderson Beattie Municipality whs introduced as per that Mr. Nichols be appointed Con-notice given at last meeting. First stable at Norway Bay lor the 1939 reading moved by Argue and A. O. season, duties to commence July 1st Eades ; second reading by Woodley and md end September 2nd—Carried.
A letter was read from Mr. R. W. By-Law No. 124 was | Wilson, requesting permission input a
I tile drain accross llie road in front of J. E. Cowan Miss Jennie Bussells. Motion by Me-
7 05
April 3, 1939
.	1 50 Regular session held on above date,
.	5 00 present, Mayor McLellun and Council*
1 00 lore Beattie, Fitzsimmons, Duff and Me*
5	GO Neill.
16 40 The minutes of last regular meeting .	6 00 were read and on motion of Fitzsim-
3 00 mons and Beattie were adopted.
1 60 Councillors Henderson and Orr took 3 40 their seats.
3 60 A communication was read from the 3 60 Gatineau Power Company, dated March
6	40 14th, 1939. Motion by McNeillOrr,
6	60 that this Corporation agree to adopt the
7	40,following clauses mentioned in this 25 36 communication, clauses No. 1,2, 3, 4, 5,
.	5 00 'and 8 and refuse to adopt clauses No. 6
and Cotie, 8, 9 and 10—Carried.
Letters were received by EL C. Lawn. A letter was read from Mr Fred
1 00
Look These Models Over
1988 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1987 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1985 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1981 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car value is a good used car
of Ground Corn, Wheat, Barley, iddlings, Wheat Germ, Alfalfa Leaf
2nd—It h composed, <
|H Oat Groat, Bran, 11
Meal, Fish Meal,' Meat Meal, Feeding Bone Meal, Fine Oyster shells. Powdered Buttermilk, Oil Cake Meal, Cod Liver Oil, and Iodized Salt
This combination of ingredients assure» a feed that is rich in Vitamins A, B, 1), E, and B*2 or G, as well as being amply fortified with Calcium for Bone building, Lactic Acid for addided resistance to disease ; Phosphorous and Chlorine for proper assimilation of the Calcium and Iodine for general health of the baby chick.
3rd—It is mixed fresh and kept fresh, and this Is a most important factor in preserving the quality of a feed. Cod Liver Oil loses it's Vitamin Potentcyon being exposed to the air for any length of time. Meat and Fish Meals become rancid when mixed with ground grains and left standing for any time. Buttermilk Powder, because of the drying process that it undergoes has a marked affinity for moisture, and when mixed with ground grains it combines with the moisture in them and ferments in a short time, losing all of its feeding value No bag of Eades' Eggslent Chick Mssli is never shipped from the mill if it has been mixed for more than ten days absolutely guarantee that it is always delivered perfectly fresh only.
X
J. L. HODGINS
Cotie, and third reading by R P Eades and Argue
adopted and carried unanimously
, resignation M r |!l|l||llll||||||!lllll|ll|!llll|_..	_| |||ll||llll||llllll||||l|||ll|||lll |l|ll ll||l ll|l |llll lll
as fire-chief was read and accepted with Neh| Fitzsimmons, that this request be regret, the council unanimously voicing granted with the understanding that their thanks and appreciation for his Mr. Wilson agree to protect the public services and a sum of twenty-five dollars from damages while the drain is being was voted to the retiring tire-chief as a put in.
slight token of this council’s apprécia- Motion by Henderson-Duff, that, the tion for his services.	following bills be approved and paid :—
The tenders for the position of town Gatineau Power Company, lights constable and night watchman were for Bristol Village 6 months fCO 00 examined and taken into consideration. R. J. Lucas, squares and plank 72 01 Moved by Cotie, seconded by A. O. Provincial Blank Forms Keg’d
Eades, that the tender of B. C. Horner- for code.............................
be accepted, his duties to commence Edwin Pirie, gravel......................
when notified by the Mayor, and that J. MiHer, supplies to J. Me Don either party may terminate the contract by giving the other party two weeks notice in writing to that effect.—
Carried unanimously.
The annual statement for the year Lloyd Craig, “
1938 was examined and approved on The Equity, stationery motion of Argue and Woodley.	County of Pontiac, county rate 359 65
On motion of Argue, seconded by Wm M. Russell, services render Woodley, the following resolution was eJ passed •— Resolved —That the Secretary-Treasurer, Mr. Harland J. Row at, and the Mayor, Mr. G. G. McDowell, are hereby authorized for and in the name of the Municipality of the Village to Shawville to draw, accept, sign and make all or any bills of exchange, cheques and orders for the payment of money, to pay and receive all moneys, and to give acquittance for the same, to assign and transfer to the Bank all or any stock, bonds and other securities and generally for and in the name and on behalf of the said Municipality of the Village of Shawville, to transact with the said Bank any business they may think fit.
Also .that the Secret ary-Treasurer,
H. C, Rowat, be authorized on behalf of the said Municipality of the Village of Shawville, to negotiate with, deposit with, or transfer to the said Bank (birt for credit of the said Municipality's ac count only) alfor any bills of exchange, promissory notes, cheques or orders for the pay ment of money and other negotiable paper, and for the said purpose to endorse the same or any of them on behalf of the said Municipality; also from time to time, to arrange, settle, balance and certify all books and accounts between the said Municipality and the Bank ; and to receive all paid cheques and vouchers, and to sign the Bank’s form of settlement of balances and release.—Carried.
Motion—Argue and Cotie — to adjourn.—Carried.
Phone 64 J.

We
DALE’S TINSHOP
4th —When yon purchase this feed the largest percentage of
You have
your dollar is spent for food value obtained no salesman's commissions or travelling expenses to pay for ; no freight charges or advertising overhead to meet. We levy one charge only and that is a profit that is as small as that of any Feed Manufacturer, and often smaller than the profit Feed Dealers usually levy on feeds manufactured outside your oxvn community.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
6 20 If) 70
11 53
aid
Labour on Bristol-South Onslow
townline..................
Robt. Richards, labour on road
9 75
BEATTY PUMPS
4 00 3 00 7 BO
5th —When you bity and feed this feed you are helping your own Community, and leaving your money at home. We buy all the supplies that we can use from you or your neighbour.
Oth—We use only new cotton bags for putting this feed up
These bags are not returnable, and you can be certain that they are never contaminated with any Poultry Disease.
7th-This excellent feed sells for only $2.50 per 100 pounds with special discount to users of large amounts.
And lastly you will always find us more than ready to help and co operate with you in any way that we feol will be
' ^ to your advantage
give this feed a fair trial in comparison with any other feed on the market, and we feel that you will find as others have, that Eades' Eggslent Chick Ma h is really better value in every way.
3 00
Provincial Treasurer, insane bill 452 74 1 Motion by Beattie-Orr, that the following changes be made in our Municipal Officers :
Pound Keepers—Thou Telford instead of Nathan Smith ; and David Doherty instead of Ephramin Murdock,
Motion by McNeill-Duff, that the rate for road labour for 1939 be five mills on the dollar
Motion by McNeill-Duff, that the Sec.-Treas. be appointed to sign the applieation for service for Bristol Village with the Gatineau Power Company.— Carried.
. Motion by Orr-McNeill, that the Gatineau Power Company be notified that the application for service for I Norway Bay will be signed by this Corporation when the rate is reduced from $12.00 per year to S 10.00 per year, according to a letter received from the Provincial Electricity Board.—Carried i On motion of Cr Beattie the meeting ' adiourned.
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
in
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
This year all we ask is that you
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00., REÇU

H. L Smith,
Scc-Treas
Private Sale
Farm for Sale
Shawville Bakery
Being Lot 5 on the 7th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 250 acres, more or less ; about 100 acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
E. H. ME*,
Shawville, Que.
Work Team ; 1 Buggy ; I Waggpn ; Set Double Harness,^and other Farm impliment
Monday, April 17th, 1939.
HENRI LAFONTAINE,
Charteris, Que.
All must be sold before
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
For a tasty loaf try
Harland C. Row at
Sec.-Treas
Shawville Bread
Everything For
The Builder
\
Clarendon Council
Shawville, April 3, 1939.
i Clarendon Council met on the above date, present, His Worship, Mayor Barr and Councillors Macfarlane, Whelen,
Judd, Grant and Hanna forming a
quorum under the presidency of the The Same Reliable Service M ayor.
Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Crs. Mac farlane-Whelen—Carried.
The bill from the Litchfield Council re roadwork on Town Line and the price set for the gravel that whs used, was discussed and the Secretary was instructed to write the Litchfield Conn «cil in regard to the matter.
- Motion by Crs Macfarlane-Whelen. that the following bills be approved and paid :
¦MB ...
County Rate................ 502 77
By-Law No. 93 was discussed and it was moved by Crs Grant-Judd, that each roadforeman value any sheep killed or injured by dogs within bis division and to fix the damage, aW«j notify the Secretary, before the 1st of
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
General Repairs
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Asphalt Prepared Roofing
Rosco Iron
Beatty Brothers Stable Equipment
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
X
K
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40

ESTABLISHED 1888
COACH
INVALID
Farm for Sale
x

Part of Lot No. 256, situated in the Village of Shawville, North of Main Street, consisting of seventy acres more or less, all tilia and of the best of loam and clay soiL| Several Building* Lits on Main Street. Will sell all or in part at a reasonable price.
For particulars apply to
J. G. ELLIOTT,
GBOMB. HYNES & SON
\
SMITH BROS.
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
« 19 8.1
J Caldwell
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’^ BAY, QUEBEC
Phone 80
Phone 26

335 James St. Ottawa, Ont.
zxzzzzvzzzzzvizzz 77777777777V

t / z
zzzz/z

###PAGE###5###

æ* si
_ Service Announcement
g jüiitttui ükitkd Church
B Rgv A. F. Foies B. A , B.D. pAator
B ; - Sunday, April 16	f
H 11.00 a.m., Service at Shawville
B 130 p.m., Service at Zion
fl 8.00 p ro., Service at Stark’s Corners.
fl Sermon Subject : * The Conditions of B	Decipleship”
H 7.30 p.m , Service at Shaw ville
g Sermon Sudject : “What really happen-fl	ed io the Garden of Eden.
The Equity
PRINTING
established IMS
PUBLISHED *V**T TBVBSDAT AT
SHAWVILLB. QUEBEC

ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Successor to G. F Hedging Co. Limited
SI.80
e #
2.00

All arretra muet be peld la full before any paper U discontinued
ANNOUNCING
Bristol United Church '! C. ARMSTRONG SALEM, B. D.
8f. Andrew’s,
t
W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
The Arrival of Further (lew Spring
Furniture and Bedding
L| Service st Sunday School ~ Service at
JJHjP'-'Sllflde at
Sermon Subject : “From Easter to Pentecost.” 1st—Fear and doubt cast out.” First of a series.
10.30
H
11.30
Austin,
Knox,
2.30
7.30
Roy G. fraser
$ 2.25
Natural Wood Rocking Chairs.................
Walnut Arm Chairs, Special make.............
Extra Special Gold Oak Rocker, padded bottom
Heavy Gold Oak Rocker.......................
Walnut Chairs, with round back .............
High Chairs, with aluminum tray, .natural wood
Living Room Chairs, upholstered for occasional use, also Sofa Bed Chairs and upholstered Bedroom Chairs from
Flewers, Gift», . Nevelde*
RENFREW, ONT.
Phoat 160
4.50
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. Q. Newman, MA..BD '	Sunday, April 16
11.00	a. m —Set vice at Radford 2.30 p. m.—Service at Norman
7.00	p. m.—Service at Yarm
3.95
SOX 886
3.25
3.00
f
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
3.75
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
' Sunday, April 16
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. ra.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
Service Withdrawn»
St. Luke’s
2.00 p. m —Holy Communion
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Header
Owing to conditions of the roads services are withdrawn until**further notice.
On
vite your patronage, orders of 11 .00 or over, phone
On orders of
us eollect.
95.OO or over, phone us collect
$7.50 to $9.50
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
and we shall prepay.
Extra Special Dining Room Suites
Nine Pieces including China Cabinet Bight Pieces, without cabinet....
$82.50
64.00
and 11 p. as.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Studio Couches
A French Provincial Design, featuring the new pattented “Hide-Away”
t bed section

Farm For Sale
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
$48.50

e M
e e
• •
£One of the most desirable Farms in the Township of Fitzroy. Beautiful brown stone house, go*>d large outbuilding 9, good fences and very heavy rich soil. N Situated on Highway 17.
Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG, Insurance à Real Estate, Arnprior, Ont.
Natural Maple Breakfast Suites
The very new modern style six piece suite highly
polished, natural wood with clock on cabinet $55.00
Six piece, smaller size, Natural wood
Phone or drop In, and let me show you how Bray Chicks made real profits for poultrymen last year. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
a HAROLD BOULTON Briet## Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. QUB
$49.50
Scientific Eye Examinations
flight In and Nigt\t Out
Restful Sleep on Simmon’s Beds
Built for Sleep
Specialists on all Visual and Muscviar
Eye Defects
Look Here
,sForSale, Wants, Found
Lost otc
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS
Professional Optometrist.
T. T. BEATTIE,
Professional Opt omet, ut
o
$5.75 up to $30.00
FOR SA LE-One Set Platform Scales, capacity.-700 pounds ; One Set Counter Scales, capacity 200 pounds. Apply to John B. Armstrong, Shawvllle.
Mattresses, Springs,...
$5.50 up to $12.50
Dri-Kil
Cooper's Farm Insect Powder
for Destroying Lice
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling, house with modern conveniences, good garden. Apply to Mrs Clip. Corrigan, Shawvllle or Mrs. Thomas Kelly, Breckenridge, Que.
GROCERY SPECIALS
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
25 cts. 25 •'
Three Tin* Toronto Juice. 25 ounces......
Two Tins Grain} Frtiit Juice, 20 ounces....
Five Pound Tin Amber Honey .............
Robin Hood Quaker Cooking Oats, per pkg. Clark’* Soups, complete range, 8 for ... Colgate» Toilet Soaps, assorted, six bars
• t
38 "
FOR SALE — Certified Coronation Wheat, Grade No. 1. Pacing field and bag inspection and sealed in bags by Government inspector. Order early as supply Is limited ; also one purebred Holstein Bull Calf, priced right. Apply to Norval Kilgovr,. Shawvllle. Phone 11-21.
12 "
25 “ 25 "
M
on
in Marble and Granite •
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
76 cents
for Two Pound Tin
4 % • •
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Blatchfords Feeds are Better
WANTED — House Keeper, m&ddle aged woman preferred. Apply to G. A.
awville.	i
Howard.


fill
Dairy Meal Calf Meal, Fig Starter Hdg Grower
Heni Scratch.
Braai,
Middlings,
1* ~à ¦ v .
Egg Mash.
Egg Concentrate, x Hatching Maab,
Phone. 278
WANTED-A good Saleamarç to sell Farm 8 Machinery. Apply to G. A. Howard & Sons. Shawvllle.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
THE CORNER STORE
WANTED—A girl to do general housework. Apply to Mrs G. G. McDowell-Shawvllle, Que. Phone 20.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre St# SH AWVILLE,
, FOR SALK—One u»'»d Electric Ironer guaranteed In first class repair. Apply to John L. Hodgins, Shawvllle.
MacLean
QUE.
WANTED—Team of Percheron Mares, young and sound, with or without foal. Apply stating particulars to John S. Abklpohd, Pakenhatn, Out. Phone 16-22.
RED 6 WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
# #
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
FOR SALE-Prairie State Incubator,
Price $10. Apply to
160 egg capacity.
IS. H. Mek, Shawvllle.
Reductions on
Memorials
Arriving This Week - Carload of Quaker Pul-0-Pep Starter
Chick Starter Chick Developer Growing Mash Egg Mash
Scratch Feed, course
fine ill ü
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1939 by
MEN-Here Is good paying work with a large manufacturing concern of 200 daily necessities used in every home. Sure and quick repeaters. No experience needed. Good pay every day If active.
permanent business certain If pre serving. Investigate our Planatouce. Catalogue Free. KAMI LEX Clement, Montreal.
in
Marble and Granite
and
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Oo., Ltd
For Use of Improvements
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure., .
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet Board Measure ......... .......
f * 4	Sr *	-*	4 'as , j
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.....
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet.
Pulpwood per Cord......• •	......
CO., 570 St.
? It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience do the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a f suitable memorial at all prices..
We offer on any order gjaeed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
Hog for Service
.	5 cents
Purebred Yorkshire Hng for service. Fee $1.00. Apply to Arthur Kilooue
6J cents
Service
Registered Yorkshire Hog.
Fee $1.00 ; Clarendon Club members
free.
R J. TRACY, Yarn, <jue.
.. ,	7& cents
<<
<<
Fur Pelts Wanted
Turkey Meal Calf Meal Pig Starter
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS U HORNER, j
Licensed Km Denier
Shawville • <jnc.
76 cents
Shawville
Marble & Granite Work» Main Street, Shawville, Que.
6 cents
E. C. WOOLSEY, Secretary.
Phone 43
Z
858429
###PAGE###6###

turned into the hospital.
••Joan Gillespie—M she said to the clerk at the information desk. "Could I see her?”
"That's because you're different, Tom. You’re—you’re just you; honest and kind.”
"Do you mean that?”
"Yes—everyone knows it You can't be swerved when you know you’re doing what's right. You can't be bought off. You're honest, true.”
"I’m honest when I say I care for you. Pat. Maybe rrow isn’t the time to say that, not now when your world has crashed and you're so unhappy, but it’s true. I care for you more than I’ve cared for anyone before in my whole life. All these weeks over here I've watched you. wanted to be near you, waited in the morning for you to come in the courtroom, planned so that I could eat when you were ready, hung around late just to say goodby in the afternoon. I love you. I didn’t think I had a chance before, but now. Tat—now—do you think I have? ’
She put her hand over his, feeling his strength and courage, his gentleness, and understanding. "I’ve never known anyone like you, Tom. I wish I could think. Only everything is so mixed up, so—so horribly confused.” can wait and I will. Tomorrow, or next week, or next month — sometime, though, perhaps you'll let me tell you more of what I feel.”
She nodded. "Knowing that you care helps right now. Yes—later I’ll be able to think clearer, and
Green Tea At Its Best
• SERIAL STORY
COPYRIGHT. #### NIA SERVICa. INC#
HIT-RUN LOVE



10 minutes left in the She's in the
"On
visiting period children’s ward on the second floor.”
Pat went up through the long corridor odorous with disinfectant. Through partly opened doors she caught climpses of crowded rooms —beds, drawn shades, dingy walls. The children’s ward was only a little brighter.
Someone motioned her to n bed in the corner where a small body lay quiet, motionless, in the hubbub. À worn toy lay unnoticed on the sheet. The child was drowsy with pain and medicine.
sh va sick kid. Are you a member of the family?”
"No—only a friend.” She laid the flowers on the bedside table and touched the hot, pale cheek with her fingers. The child moved and opened her eyes. They were dull with fever.
"Mama—” she said thickly. "I want my mama.”
Pat turned and walked away. The lump in her throat was too big to swalloyr. Her heart ached within her, but there was a sense of peace in her being that sho had not experienced for weeks. The path ahead that had been so confused with shadows had suddenly become clear again.
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN



fiancee. In court a wife could not be forced to te.i.ify against her husband. Larry would never have made the admission to her if he had not been sure of her love and loyalty. Yet his own love for her had not prevented him from attempting to use Bill, and would not stop him from putting her on the St..nd to swear to his lies.
Her Love Dead
Love was gone. She knew that now. Larry had killed her love as definitely as when he became a hit-run driver. The act of being involved in a tragedy was not what had killed her love. To have stood beside him as he faced that charge would have been her right, the privilege of her love running away, denying responsibility, lying—that had burned the last remnant of affection from her heart.
An aching emptiness remained. All her world had been Larry for days, weeks, months. Her future, too, had been Larry: Larry coming home to their apartment in the evening, Larry eating the dinner she had prepared, Larry introducing her to their friends as "Mrs. Kent.” Everything had revolved about Larry. And now it was ended.
She slipped his ring from her engagement finger, watching the sparkling diamond catch the rays of the late sun. Tears in her eyes surrounded it with tiny rainbows.
She blinked quickly as the door of the office opened. It was Tom, his arms filled with dog-eared law bookV
"Still working away?” he asked, looking down at her while she tried to blink away the tears from her eyes. She could feel his nearness, his kindness.
He put the books down on the desk, stopping suddenly as his fingers brushed the ring that still sparkled in the light. He reached for her hand, touched the bare finger.
"What does it mean, Pat?” he asked, his voice husky with feeling. "Can I help? Have you had a quarrel with—with someone A Sympathetic Tenderness
She couldn’t trust herself to look up. The tenderness and sympathy in his voice brought all the grief of the past week back in an overwhelming wave.
"An engagement ring continued, touching the diamond. "I’d noticed it on your finger, of course. I—-I didn’t look at it any more than I could. I guess I didn’t like it, Pat. And now it’s off and
CAST OF CHARACTERS
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law
•1
and love.
Larry Kent—hero even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney—prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law. Yesterday: Larry calls Pat’s brother. Bill, to lie about
Bill ia will-He is to testify
A

He faced

an
Real Beauty More Than Skin Deep
Women Really Thick-Skinned
young his damaged fender ing, to help Pat
tomorrow
A nurse came by
It It Soul Deep; Emphasis On Externals is a Big Mistalc Spend More Time Developing Whole Personality
If you've ever been troubled by the fact that women can stand higher temperatures than men you can set your mind at rest because It all has a scientific explanation, according to Dr. Charles Sheard, director of Biophysical Research at the Mayo Foundation, St. Louis,
CHAPTER XIII
They sat there in the little cubby-hole of an office—Pat and Bill —while the day drew to a close around them. The boy's words had shaken Pat more than she realized. He had come to court prepared to tell a lie—a white lie as he believed—to save the man she loved.
Bill, young, idealistic, with the groundwork of his future life as a man even now being laid, waiting to sacrifice one of his standards to aid her. Pat looked at his profile there in the late afternoon light. In all probability his testimony would aid Larry, would help clinch his defense, help free him of the fate that a conviction would result in. But his testimony would also mean that for all the rest of his life he would know that Pat had permitted him to lie under oath to help the man to whom she was engaged.
The common standard of feminine beauty Is now so high that no girl dares to fall far abort of It. Few girls have to. Any girl with a face one degree prettier than a Cheddar cheese can come so near conformity to the International standard, am recognised In London, Hollywood, New York. Paris, Rome, Berlin and Calcutta, that the difference does not matter. Thanks to chemistry, and thanks to her own time and trouble, she Is a pretty girl, like all the rest. The real beauty of women Is far more than •kfn deep; It Is soul deep.
The more aids to outward beauty are brought within the reach of all women the better. But for girls to look on that as an end Itself, and to give all their leisure to cultivating it, seems to be the biggest mistake that this generation has made.
Leas time should be spent In making up her face to resemble everybody else# face and more time in developing her whole personality.
This remedy for tired feet is practiced by ballet dancers in training. Tilt over on to the outer sides of the feet and stand like that for about 5 minutes trick can be done anywhere at any time, and not only rests the feet but strengthens the ankles.
Rut
Mo
Dr. Sheard said women nomally produce from 10 to 16 per cent, less heat than the opposite sex which enables them to remain comfortable when the thermometer la soaring, while the male perspires and becomes uncomfortable.
Better Insulated
A woman has more fat on her body, for one reasons,” Dr. Sheard ¦aid. "It might even be said she Is more thick skinned than man, and the lower metabolic rates In the female enable her to stand greater temperatures.
then—”
Tomorrow Coming
He touched her hair and picked up his books. She heard the door close niter him. Tomorrow or the next day, he had said. Tomorrow there would be other things to think about. Tomorrow the case would continue. Larry would be found innocent or guilty. Tomorrow Tom would cither be due for congratulations for beginning his winning crusade against traffic offenders, or he would slip back into the role of inefficient prosecutor who lost an important case.	'
She put her work away, slipped into her wraps and went down on the street. She walked to try and see the threads of the pattern. Larry and his secret that she shared. Tom and his love and belief in her. Before .her loomed the big Municipal Hospital, its stone front grimy with the smoke and dust If the city, its steps cluttered with people coming and going, some on crutches, others with bandages on heads and arms, some with tear-reddened eyes, others clasping wilted flowers.
A peddlar stood near the curb with a little cart heaped with spring blossoms. Suddenly she stopped, looking at the daffodils, the peonies, the violets, bought a big bunch of flowers and
(To Be Continued)
A few drops of ammonia in the water will lighten labor when washing blankets.
Feet Of Clay
It meant as he grew older and more aware of what he had done there in court he would have to take her down from the pedestal she now occupied as head of the family—sincere, honest, conscientious, above reproach. And her feet of clay would be ugly.
She pressed her hands against her throbbing temples and twisted around in her desk chair.
"You must promise not to do it, Bill. You can't do it. If Larry is innocent he can prove it without putting you on the stand to lie for him. If—if he is guilty—” her voice trembled, then grew steady again, "then he must pay the penalty. I'll tell him in the morning that you are not to lie for him, and if he insists on putting you on the slant, that you will admit that you know nothing at all about the ear—either before or after the accident."
The wide-eyed wonder L. Bill’s eyes gave her courage in them was no longer embarrassed, but proud. She had not failed him. He and Joe could continue to look up at her.
Pat sent him off home then, pleading that extra work would keep her busy. Actually she stayed to continue her own fight. The trick that Larry had meant to play with Bill shook her. He had meant to do everything in his power to get off clean. Larry would use any means.
And what if he succeeded? What if as the case continued tomorrow she saw he was winning, breaking down witnesses who thought he was the driver of the car? Had she the right to interfere? She knew he was guilty, that he had killed a woman, seriously injured a child. He had admitted the truth to her, but the admission had been to her as hi»
Household Science
»
«
KATHERINE BAKER
V-
This
%
1
m
*



w

t
**>»
%»

»
\


H
ë
r

' he

ÜE
$4.1*
// *

The light
à
i
She
m
t
¦1
*

9»»
you—you’re crying, aren t you He put his hand under her chin and raised it until he could look into her face terrible. You va re for this fellow a lot What’s happened? Has he made you unhappy? he do?”


I
Cotton Shirtmaker Frock
i
>

You feel pretty

%




Yes, Sir
BEE HIVE By rip I
Is my ' morning cereal sweetener.
What did
“If. All Over”
Somehow she controlled herself. “It’s all over, Tom. I'm a lot better off. It—it just wasn't meant to be. I see that now. I’m glad I found out in time.”
"I don't know who he is, hut I do know he's a fool to let something take you away from him. I wouldn't if I were in his place. I’d fight to keep you. There wouldn’t be anything I wouldn't do if I were this chap.”
i
?
*
A bowl of Spring flowers and this delicious Orange Cream Cake herald Spring and the Easter season. Serve the cake as a dessert or for
afternoon tea.	__
ORANGE CREAM CAKE
3 cups sifted cake flour
3	teaspoons double-acting bak-
ing powder
% cup butter or other shortening 1% cups sugar 1 cup milk
% teaspoon lemon extract
4	egg whites, stiffly beaten Sift flour once, measure, add
baking powder, and sift together three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar gradually, and togetlvr until light and fluffy. Add flour, alternately with milk, a small amount at a time, beating after each addition until
Add lemon extract. Fold in egg whites quickly and thoroughly. Bake in two greased flinch layer pans in moderate oven (876*	F.)	26 to 30 minutes.
Spread Orangv Filling between layers and White Mountain Cream on top and sides of cake. Decorate top with orange sections, free from all white membrane.
ORANGE FILLING
1 cup sugar
5 tablespoons cake flour Dash of salt hi cup orange juice
3 tablespoons lemon juice hi cup water
1	egg, well beaten
3 tablespoons grated orange
rind
2	teaspoons butter Combine sugar, flour, and salt
*
bee hive
vu
in top of double boiler; add fruit juice, water, and egg, mixing thoroughly. Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from boiling water; add orange rind and butter. Cool. Makes enough filling to spread between two flinch layers.
WHITE MOUNTAIN CREAM
(Boiled Frosting)

O
B'-tNSVFil
•in:
i
#
HEED BUEL.IHG-llr f
NOTES
4»
RADIO
^ ¥F you are week, thin, or pale, take
lhi cups sugar hi teaspoon light corn syrup 2/3 cup boiling water
2 egg whites, stiffly beatn 1 teaspoon vanilla, or hi teaspoon orange extract Combine sugar, corn syrup, and water. Bring quickly to a boil, stirring only until sugav is dissolved. Boil rapidly, without stirring, until a small amount of syrup forms a soft ball in cold water, or spins a long thread when dropped from tip of spoon (240* F.). Pour syrup in fine stream over egg whites, beating constantly. Add flavoring. Continue beating with rotary egg beater 10 to 36 minutes, or until frosting is cool and of consistency to spread. Use wooden spoon when too stiff for beater. Makes enough frosting to cover tops and sides of two 9-inch layers.
4
I a tonic to build I yourself up. Dr. ” Pierce's Golden


NEWS
¦>
cream
AND
Medical Discovery is a tonic that will stimulate your ap-? petite and tend to improve your digestion, so that food —¦ the natural builder —
Mrs. Koee Cool. 101 Walaut
My daughter

Easter programmes for Saturday, April 8, include the Pasadena Boys Choir over CBS at 3.30 p.m., and a Russian Orthodox service over CBS at 12.16 a m. Easter dawn in the Hollywood Bowl will be described over Mutual on Sunday, April 9, at 8.00 a.m. This will be followed by a service on the slopes of Mount Rubidoux at 9 a.m., and by the Los Angeles Choir singing Easter music at
9.30	a.m. Easter Fashions on parade will be described from New York at 11 a.m., and the famous Fifth Avenue parade itself at
12.30	p.m. Radio and screen celebrities will be introduced at the microphone.
A
GOOD FRIDAY EVENTS
Three of the most solemn days in the Christian year will be celebrated by all networks beginning Good Friday, April 7, at 2 p.m., over NBC with a performance of Brahms' Requiem. The Requiem will be sung by the choir of St. Thomas Church in New York and will be directed by the veteran Dr. T. Tertius Noble who was organist of historic York Minster in Eng-lang before he emigrated to the United States many years ago.
Other Good Friday events will include the Symphonic Chorus of Ohio State University in a performance of Randall Thompson’s “Peaceable Kingdom” to be heard over CBS at 2.30 p.m. The last episodes of “The Living God,” a dramatization of the events of Holy Week, will be broadcast over NBC on Friday and Saturday at C p.m. Walter Connolly is starred as the roving announcer who has lost his faith and who is transported back to the days of the Crucifixion. Pedro de Cordoba and Mary Carr are also in the cast. CRC will broadcast “The Trial of Jesus” on Good Friday at 8 p.m., and will sponsor a broadcast of Faure’s Requiem from Montreal at 10 p.m. At the same hour the Calvary Baptist Church Choir of New York will sing Dubois' “Seven Last Words” over the Mutual network, and the Lindsborg Chorus will sing portions of Handel's •Veseiah.”
smooth

<
i

MIm Derle Cook
etrr ngth<n yea
St., So., Hamilton. Ont , ear*
I)o«la wae in a very weakened condition. She was quite thin, waa reetlraa. had no appetite, and had pimple# on her fare. I>r. Plarc#'# Golden Medical Discovery help.»! to build her up. She ale better, gained weight and the pimple# cleared up too.** Aek your druggist today loi II — in liquid or tablets.
2056
SIZES 14-44
CHEST COLDS
For Home and Summer Wear
By Louise Lennox
This simple, one-piece classic cotton shirtmaker, fastens down the front in smart coat-like effect. It has a neat little girl collar and a tailored pocket for contrasting hanky! Made of a bright print, inspired by tropical flowers of the sunny West Indies, it repeats the deepest tone of the print in the buttons. You’ll enjoy it for home wear now and later for the beach and country. It’s such an easy
Here’s Quick Relief from Their DISTRESS I
Rub soothing, warming Musterole well into you: chest and throat.
Musterole is NO'i lust a salve. It’s a “counter-irritant" containing old fashioned cold remedies, oil of mustard, and other valuable ingredients. m a clean white ointment.
That s why it gets such line result» - better than the old-fashioned mu»-plaster Musterole penetrates, stimulates, warms and soothes, helpful in quickly

Fiery, Itching Skin Gets Speedy Relief
April
TO BE HEARD . .
8, 7 p.m.—Formal Opening of Station CBA at Sackville, N.B Two-hour programmes with Hon. C. D. Howe and Premiers of N.B., N.S., and P.E.I. and David Sam-off of RCA. .
NR'"’—Readers’ Guild, book
• • •
Do This If You're
Here Is • clean stain less penetrating antiseptic now dispensed by chemists at infime :oot, that will bring you speedy relief from the itching and distress of Eczema, Itching Toes and Feet. Hashes and skin troubles.
Not only does this great beali % antiseptie >il promote rapid and healthy Dealing in 3pen sores and wounds, but boila and mmole ulcers are quickly relieved and cleanly iiealed. In akin diseases—the itching of Eczema (a instantly stopped $ the eruption# dry up and scale off in s very few days. The same la true of Barber's Itch, Salt Rheum and other skin eruptions.
You can obtain Moore's Emerald 03 (full •frmgib) at any modem drug store.
tard
April 9, 6.30
NERVOUS
relieving local congestion and pain Used by millions for 30 years Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Made in < anada, in three strengths: Regular Strength, Childrai s (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, 40c atcb
review programme, maker debut. . . . 8 p.m. NBC & CBC, Chase and Sanborn Hour. . . 9 p.m. CBS —Ford Sunday Evening Hour . . . April 10, 8 p.m. MBS—New Quiz Programme, “Name Three” . . • April 11, 8.30 p.m. NBC—Infor-
. April 12, 8
p.m. NBC A CBC, “One Man's
9.30	p.m. CBC—
April 18,
dress to sew
Style No. 2066 is designed for sizes 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42 and 44-inches bust. Size 36 requires 3% yards of 39-inch material.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state sise you wish.
nothing about or rely on temporary relief when there's need of • rood general system tonic like time-proven Lydia E. Pink ham n Vegetable Compound, made eepwotiy for
Let Pinkham'i Compound help build up more physical resistance and thus aid in «aiming jungly female functional disorders and make life
from
raation Please
worth living.
39
Issue No. 1
smiling thru'* with
Family”
Music by Faith NBC, 8 p.m., Rudy Vallee
1.000.000 i ¦glorious
it
written In reporting
MUST 3E UOUDI
B

###PAGE###7###
Instead of Just a sightseeing tour, has been presented In the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Pointing out that the “Incredible but carefully estimated sum of $6r 000,000,000 Is spent yearly on vacs- . tlonal migrations/' Dr. Charles L Singer, Long Beach, N.Y., said these vacations “lack conscious, well organised purpose and are governed mostly by vogues, whims and fads."
SPUDS IN THIRD PLACE Did you know that potatoes are the third most valuable crop In Canada? Wheat comes first, then oats and then potatoes. Latest returns show wheat to have a value of $204,000,000; oats, $110,000,000; and potatoes, $44, 000,000.—Windsor Star.
t
Yéajïe
Pirliementary
Doinft .
r
#
4gg*
n
let» re.
ALL AVOIDABLE There were 242 accidents at unprotected railroad crossings in Canada last year, causing 96 deaths and injuries to 300 persons—40 of the accidents occurring at crossings where there were protective devices. And every last one of the 242 could have been avoided if the drivers concerned had used caution and common sense.—Ottawa Journal.
Y
N

J*'* ¦ I
s -L ¦
X
K.
Plan Holiday Carefully He recommended closer co-operation between doctor and patient in working out "an individually planned vacation, molded to personal requirements." Careful planning of the hygienic aspects of the vacation»! migrations will result In reductions in epidemics, he said.



To talk or not to talk # • • that has been the chief question confronting Conservative members of Ontario's House this ses* slon ever since the opening of the Throne Speech debate .... Liberal M.L.A.'s, too, are harassed by a great deal of newspaper* sponsored comment about how every time you draw on extra breath In Parliament it costs the country
money •	•	•	•
Premier Hepburn, dissenting
from the view expressed by Conservative Leader George Drew that the Throne Speech debate is a wast of time,'says that it is in this debate that the Government learns what the country is thinking and is enabled to base its fiscal policies in public opinion . . .
Depends again on who’s doing the talking ... It makes some people mad to see all the chewing done by lawyer members of the House .	.	. "Farmers want a
¦¦¦¦complained It. A Liberal (Wellington North) in his maiden speech . . . "it’s high time they had more to say on the floor of the House" . . .
Fuel to the fires of dissensioa between Ontario’s Liberal Premier and the Liberal head of the Canadian Government was added last week by the sheaf of resolutions made ready in the Ontario Legislature to be forwarded to Ottawa . . . particularly the one asking the Federal Government to repeal the Cantda Temperance Act as is applies to the counties of Peel, Perth and Huron, and Manitoulin Island .	.	. This follows re-
peated defeats in the courts of the contention of Attorney-Gen. Coriant and Premier Hepburn that the provincial Liquor Control Act overrides the federal statute . . . The passing of the resolution may be a deliberate move on the part of the Provincial Government to "pass the buck" to Ottawa on this ticklish question, knowing full well that probably nothing will come of it . . . .
Action demanded of the Dominion Government to secure Ontario farmers lower freight rates on wheat also embarrasses Ottawa .. . but it doesn’t embarrass Ontario farmers, who have ’practically lost access to the export market for wheat owing to the preferential rates accorded to Western Canada and United States wheat, wheat flour and wheat products moving by rail from bay ports through Ontario for export”.
e # e
We really feel sorry for Prime Minister Mackenzie King, (whose hesitating stand in the last two international crises has borne the brunt of so much criticism), now that every man in the Ontario House has voted to support a resolution calling for the conscription of wealth and man power of Canada in the event of war . . . this Ontario resolution, however, may have been a little premature, In view of the fact that the National Government of Great Britain and Hitler are far from being enemies and not likely to fly at each other’s throats for a long time to come . . . but maybe the reports of Nazis establishing airbases on Iceland put a little of the "fear’’into us ....






jà*"

- .





, r I



*




f j
I





/
f




à
w


#
1




>
6%*V
TOO MANY REVOLVERS
This is also a good time for those Canadians who do not really need revolvers or automatics to ask themselves whether they and the country would not be better off if they turned them in to the police. Records show that criminals often secure such guns during robberies of private homes. If owners feel they must keep them as souvenirs or for other sentimental reasons, they might remove the firing pin or otherwise make them useless as lethal weapons.—Edmonton Journal.
I ;


x
mm t'-'v
<r •
m
Would-be Suicide Presents Problem

7,


mWSÊBP
¦ *
'
s. ,i:.5tt;£i1£.!irD;U"; ,® «	»-'-w *"
Toronto firemen and policemen had a jittery job to perform one day last week.
A woman stood on the roof of her house and threatened to jump. The policeman who was called was unable to persuade her to re-enter the house. He called the firemen. But each time they raised the ladder she threatened to throw herself two stories to the street.
From C.30 a.m. to 8.45 a.m. the firemen and policemen took turns coaxing the woman. Eventually they succeeded in reaching the roof and bringing her down a ladder.
the "shoe" of which we find mention in the fourth chapter of Ruth referred to a glove.
In the tenth century we have clear proof that Ethelred the Second received five pairs of gloves, as a duty paid by a society of German merchants who held a monopoly for the manufacture of these .articles.
Canada's Mining Industry Fast Developing
VOICE OF THE PRESS
GENEROUS ADOLF
Hitler will permit German Jews to retain the gold filling in their teeth when they surrender their
other valuables.
Bible that this is a bid for tho Hebrew vote?—Toronto Globe and
Mail
Spectacular Achievements Seen During Past Five Years In Production Of New Metals, New Discoveries.
look-in, too" McEwing,
Make Vacation A Quest For Health
Made Without Fingers . The earliest gloves of which specimens are yet extant were of German make and devoid of fingers. It was not until after the dissolution of the Heptarchy that these were introduced into England. fTntil then the ladles had no gloves, though the ends of their mantles were shaped so as to form coverings for the hands.
When William the Conqueror came to England he introduced the gauntlet glove, but many years elapsed before the Inhabitants adopted the fashion in any great degree.
i *
Can it be pos-
Canada's mining Industry has made marked progress in the past five years, creating new wealth to the extent of $1,850,000,000, according to the Department of Mines and Resources. Ottawa.
New Fields Into Prominence Each of these five years has seen some spectacular achievement, either In the production of new metals or in the way of new discoveries. During this period Canada has become an important producer of radium, uranium, sulphur, antimony, nepheline syenite, sodium sulphate, and rock wool. New mining fields have come Iuto prominence In the Cadlllae-Malartlc area In Quebec; Larder Lake, Little Long Lac, and Sturgeon River areas In Ontario; God’s Lake In Manitoba; Lake Athabaska in Saskatchewan; Yellowknife and Gordon Lake areas in the Northwest Territories; and the Zebailos River and Cariboo areas in British Columbia. Gold production has experienced steady growth with the result that the daily tonnage of gold ore milled In Canada has increased from 24,000 in 1934 to 55,000 at the close of 1938. Crude oil production has Increased fivefold since 1934 due to the comparatively recent discovery of a crude oil field in Alberta.
A plan for making the 35,000,0 travel vacations enjoyed annually by Americans, a quest for health
il#
CURFEW FOR ADULTS
It was a bold and outspoken citizen who told the council at In-gersoll that it was the parent* rather than their children who are in need of a curfew law. Wonder what this citizen would say if he could see the "children" on the streets of Oshawa after midnight. —Oshawa Times.
By Fred Nejier
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
>
i
%
Iceland May Be Breaking In Two
DIED DISILLUSIONED
Sa'ly Rose, an Indian woman reputed to have been 105, who remembered the time when the Indians of Northern Canada thought that the white man was a god, has died at Lepas, Manitoba.—London (England) Times.
A *
//





Geologists are wondering whether Iceland is dividing itself into two parts. Long fissures or cracks stretch from the northeast to the southwest of the island.
Scientists intend to take measurements of the distance between the mountain peaks on either side of the "crack" zone. The measurements will be repeated in a few years to see if peaks have moved farther apart. If the mountains have shifted, it may prove Alfred Wegener’s theory of continental drift, which maintains the Americas have been slipping away from the old world for millions of years and that the Atlantic thus was formed between them.
/
Big Bad Wolf
'?/
0
Harvey Scott, hunting on the
of Kinloae
a
6th concession Township, Bruce County, in the vicinity of Dan McKinnon’s home last week, shot one of the wolves which killed so much live stock last year in that vicinity. The wolf measured 70 inches from head to tip of tail. Mr. Scott says there is still another as large as this one and some smaller ones which he learned from their tracks.
Earrings Either
Very Long or Stud
M
All buildings in Istanbul are to be painted grey as camouflage against air raids.
Earrings this either very long or in
NEW YORK.
season are the form of a stud and are seen in beautiful cluster or scroll designs, and also in the old-world falling festoons. The very latest idea is to wear a half hoop of diamonds completely covering the
lobe.

“There’s mo sense inviting both the Flint twins. Mom, *
They’re exactly alike.”
WITH VIC BAKER
OUTDOORS
1939 TO BE BIG YEAR FOR ONTARIO ANGLERS
GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN CANADA _
Jeweled sprays for the hair are much in evidence, the real antique spray, mounted on silver, and J'urming a hoop or half hoop round the hair, being sought after. The modern spray has banquette diamonds introduced into the ornament, which is made up of detachable pieces which, when taken apart, form jeweled clips for the
of the trout season on May 1st will follow closely behind. Do not be caught napping when the fishing season arrives and
start preparing your fishing gear right away so as to be ready when the bright morning sunshine heralds in the first official fishing day of 1939. Varnish those bamboo rods, clean the reels, reverse the silk lines, check carefully those wading boots, make the odd new lure in your spare time, either fly or artificial bait plug, and check carefully every part of your fishing outfit and then you will be ready and waiting for the time when you can take those week-end fishing trips.
Isaak Waltons of Ontario will have 7,000,000 more speckled trout to angle for this year and next in the lakes and the streams of their province, in addition to the regular 1,000,000 small-mouth black bass stocked annually by the provincial fish and game authorities, D. J. Taylor, Deputy Minister of Game and Fisheries of Ontario, stated recently in an address before the members of the Toronto Anglers’ Association.



gown.
Gloves’ Origin
Said Ancient
Looks like a short session and an early rising for the House . . . in time for the visit of the King and Queen, mayhap.
1
*0*^ A MILD CIGARETTE TOBACCO
55c '
‘-'1/2 LB. TIN
People May Have Worn Them
Oldest
Increase Seen In Sun Spot Activity
In Bible Days Known Specimens Are Of
German Make.
This information should serve as a reminder and as an inspiration to the readers of this column that March 21st— the first day of Spring—has already arrived and the opening
Although gloves have not always been as common as they are at the present day, they may lay claim to great antiquity. There are some authorities indeed who decree that
Also in 10c Packages . and 25C Tins
Maximum of Present Cycle May Lie Ahead—Greatest Since 1870
Sun spot activity, which has been the greatest since 1870, is continuing, Dr. Seth B. Nicholson, of Pasadena, Calif., declared last week, with the possibility that the maximum of the present cycle still lies ahead.
“During the latter part of February sun spots brought a mag aetlc sto-m on the earth great enough to disturb telephone and telegraph communications.'
•aid, “and last December a solar éruption caused short wave radio fedeouts.
By Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
52 A

m,


v
m

he
m
<
•y
Cycles Of 11Years “The greatest sun spot activity has been 1b July of the past two years and if the spot groups begin U Increase within the next few months It may mean the maximum yet lies ahead. The last maximum was In 1929 and the cycles usually mo about 11% years.1'
W

/
i
n
Then the cook came to cull them for
dinner, and they found an Inviting meal
prepared for th
out into the yard and matched several other people together, and this work was so interesting they might have spent the entire day at Fuddleeumjig had not the wizard suggested that they resume their journey. “But I don't like to leave all these poor people scattered.' said Dorothy. undecided what to do.
M&tSS STïïT&vUjw
to put Grandmother Onit together. She
ifflï ^Æ'pùSf «h.6, ‘fluid
her a pv a vint old lady who treated them cordially.
«ku you hard tTdguie out.'*	you whatever you do.'
Afterwards they wont
A Japanese boy, picking through . the ruina on the battlefield of Riangwan, nortu of Shanghai, poked up a hand grenade, Play-felly he threw it. Three Japan men and a woman war# killed and two other persons injured.
###PAGE###8###

WSW	ma
wwe»
tmmm
Men! Drees up
gfVUHf U the time
TO MODERNIZE YOUR PROPERTY
Cockshutt—Frost & Wood—Lister
Streamlined Separators
For Spring
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress
Why not take advantage of the Home Improvement Plan?
Our nearest branch manager wUl gladly furnish full particulars of the unusually favorable terms to borrow money with which to improve your property.
You need not be a customer of the Bank to secure the service.
Writ* t csllfor dncrtptiv* b-kltU
Easy to turn—Easy to clean—A size for every herd A close skimmer which quickly pays for itself through increased profits, and who needs increased profits more than the Farmer ?
Let us quote you our low cash prices on the new 4 RS
Models with Stainless Steele Discs.
Cash Prive |||1|
. $ 75.50 91.60 107.00 12475 154 00
the new spring shades,



Spring Shirts
By Foraytl)
À
ih« BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar

Capacity
3U0 pounds With Pedtetal

44
4ft
4%
450

44
4s

$1.55 and $2.00
Is
600
• •
• #
• •
• #
• •
C I 1711
I
1
• 4
14
800
IS
SI
44
1050	“
We have also the “SS” Models with complete
Stainless Seel Bowls
• •••••••
• • •
$1.75 and $2.95
The "Morgan” Hat,
Public Work Estimate»
Supplementary brought down in Commons recently. The Government propose* to spend $1,250,000 toward* new roads into mining areas in Northern Ontario and Northei n Quebec
The estimates included the following appropriations for Po-d Offices in Northern Ontario ; Chan lean, 120.000 ; Kapuskasing, $27,000 ; Maltawa, $21,000 ; 8ebriber, 48,000, and South Porcupine, $35,500.
Appropriation» for Post Offices in the Ottawa Valley are a* follows : Harry's Bay. $5,000 ; Cob den ; Cornwall, $80,000 ; Gatineau, $15,000; Thurso, $14,000 ; Mont Laurier, $12,000 for addition to post office.
There is al«o $4.200 for repairs to bridge at Bryson, Quebec.
In Memorlam
Gloves, Hose and Neckwear
estimates were the House of
Smith—In loving memory of our dear father, James Smith, who died April 13th, 1938.
Those desiring a cheaper Separator will find the
efficient and
new a real
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
“Cremo” Separator very “Money Saver”.
Ever remembered by
Peggy dr Percy
Cash Price
$19 00
22.50
32.50 36.00 45 00 51 00
Smith—In loving memory of our dear father, James Smith, who entered into rest April 13, 1938.
Capacity
110 pounds. Less Pedestal
? 4
The Family
150
% &
IS
44
270
new home and to ask you to accept these gilt* ** a remembrance and to strengthen our g<»*»d wishes.
We h«>pe you like our choice of gift» and that you find them useful, and too, that you may he able to enjoy them by being blest by health and long life.
On behalf of your friends and neighbours we once more wi*h you the very best of everything in the future.
The young couple, although completely taken by surprise, replied in most fitting term*, and the gathering «ang, “For they are Jolly G'wxl Fellow»" accompanied by Mr. Lindsay Judd on the guitar. The evening was spent in game», mimic and tinging. A delightful mid night lunch was served which concluded an enjoyable evening.
• •••••»••••
Presentation at Thorn by
A most erjovable evening spent at the home of Mr. and Uy. Litle, Thornby, when about twenty-five people gathered to wish them much happiness in their new home. The following address was read by Miss E. Mercier :
Dear Elsie and Cy:—We, your friends and neighbours, have gathered here to wish you both much happiness in your
FOR SALE
44
44
350
was
Mrs.
44
44
500
• •
***####»***
Having chosen selects fromja number of litters for uniformity of type and disposition, have a few that could be entered as brood sows Feel sure these would give good satisfaction. Before placing your order you might be pleased to see these.
44
44
650
9.00
Pedestal for Crenio Separator
Now is the time to place your orders at the new low prices for :
Scuttiers, Cultivators Land Rollers, etc.
Easy time payments can be arranged with small
carrying charges.
Horses and Cattle taken in exchange
Disc Harrows, Corn Planters, Plows,
Tractors, Fanning Mills,
PETER L. THOMPSON.
R. R. 3, Shawville, Que.
»
G. A. HOWARD & SONS
Agents for Frost & Wood Cockshut Machines
QUEBEC
Bristol W. M S
The monthly meeting of the W. M. S of Bristol United Church was held Wednesday afternoon. April 5th, at the Manse.
The president, Mrs XV. J. Mur» ray, was in the chair and was assisted by the secretary, Mrs. H H. Walsh.
The meeting opened by singing the hymn "It- joke the Lord is King" followed by player in unison. Pus-ages of hcripturu were read by Mrs. Young and Mrs. P. Ballantytie. The roll call was answered by reading one our Lord'» parables.
The last chapter in the study book “Beckoning Frontiers” was prepared, by Mrs Bailey but as she was unable to be present, Miss Melditnu, kindly presented it for her. Mrs. Murray reported the quilts for the bale had been finished. The Benediction was pronounced by the pi evident.
A meeting of the Woman's Association . followed. After their business wasxieaIt with an enjoyable social hour was spent.
The only low-priced car combining
SHAWVILLE,
All That's Best at Lowest Cost”
sessed to the Est of John Dougherty be assessed to P. II. McCann.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young-Vallillee. that Patrick Rose be authorized to furnish Mrs. L. Belisle with $6 50 of supplies for the month of April, 1939—Carried.
Motion by Crs Vallille-Young, that the following accounts be approved and paid :
Joseph

1

Vallillee, Sec -Trcas.
School Tax, land sales 1939 $ 8 25 Francis Dolan, six trips rolling 11 10 Donald Farrell, six trips rolling 10 50
11 part trip rolling A Farrell, two telephone calls “	“ 1 bottle Ink, Eraser
Joseph Vallillee, telephone call
N. A. Drummond...........
County Rate, 1939.............
Motion by Crs Dagg-Vallillee, that this Council adjourn until May 1st, 1939 at one o’clock in the afternoon. #
Andrew Farrell,
Sec-Treas

f

:




1 50
41

Ü
54
I

¦

35

i


16
...



61 20
%


m


i.
.
i

Get More "Quick Cash" Profits This Season
There’s always a ready market for quality eggs. They are the "Quick Cash” crop for farmers and poultry keepers. Get more quality eggs and more cash from your hens and save on feed costs. Feed your flock



: 1






McGill Students to Attend Provincial Mine School At Val d Or.


I K
W/L
t : but
YOU CAN’T GET MORE QUALITY!
You can pay more ;
The authorities of McGill University have requested permission of the Department of Mines and Fisheries to make use of the facilities of the Mine-School at Val d’Or to train students, who are studing mining engineering, in practical mine work. These young men will spend a fortnight at the Mine-School in May, where they will receive practical training in various mining operations.
The Honourable Onésimc Gagnon and the Honourable Joseph Bilodeau, who are responsible for the administration of the Mine School at Val d’Or, are very Mattered by this request. It reflects the high opinion which Humming authorities have for the efficiency of this organization that McGill University should send their students there for training.
The Mining School was established by the Bilodeau Rogers Plan.

nr
\

i
tM
ffUL'O-PEP
A EGO HASH A

CHEVROLET brings you the outstanding quality features of the day—including Body by Fisher, Steering Column GearShift with "Vacuum Assist”, Advanced
at the
i
f\eV*
KEEP YOUR HERD AT MAXIMUM MILK PRODUCTION .. .
This balanced ration of liberal oat-
g meal content provides the elements hens need for producing eggs-£ plenty of eggs— and good profits for you. See me today*
o*

\vWV
\ OuAK*r %
j FUL 0 PEP >
lot. MASH b
> 4P*, w


Yet Raise Strong, Htolthy Profit-a We Stock on Quaker Calf Meat
m
S N
Knee-Action Riding System!* lowest cost for purchase price, gas, oil and upkeep I Drive this car—be more comfortable physically— and be more comfortable mentally, too—really enjoy
motoring !
Quaker Calf Meal is a
balanced ration, scientifically compounded to take the place of whole milk after the first month. Thousands of alert Canadian dairymen have proved that Quaker Calf Meal costa less to feed, gives results that compare most favourably with natural whole milk feeding, and permits selling the maxi-I of milk from the herd while raising the calves into strong, lusty heifers.
XxxxxS

<
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
Shawville, Quebec

NOTICE
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac.
)
Minutes of Council Onslow North
Dee't he satisfied with anything hat the best.
BUY A CHEVROLET!
To tbe inhabitants of the Munici pality of the Village of Shawville.
Public Notice is hereby given by Harland C. Rowat, Secretary-Treasurer, that the Council of this Municipality at a sitting*held at Hynes Hall ou the third day of April, 1939, passed By-Law No. 124 of this Municipality respecting the control and eradication of the warble fly or heel fly, such By-Law to come into force fifteen days after publication.
Further communication of the said By-Law may be had at the office of the undersigned.
Given at Shawville, 4ih April, 1939.
H. C. ROWAT,
Sec. Trcaa.

mum
April 3rd. 1939
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date. Present
• I*
99B
Daniel B, Farrell, pro mayor and Councillors Young, Vallillee and Da
Quaker
Calf Meal

%
On motion of Crs Young-Dagg, minutes of March 6th, were adopted as read.

John L. Hodgins
Motion by Dagg-Young, that M. C. Foster’s resignation as special constable be accepted «md Walter Vallillee be pointed to such office.—Carried. Letter of Harry Steele re part of Lot 13, Range A, presented. Motion by Young Vallillee, that the north bfdf of the north half of Lot 13, Range 6, ae-

Quebec
C. H. MacLean
Red & W hite Store
Shawville
Shawville,
r

•i*

Que,
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER ... YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER

Village of Shawville.



v
\
his
<
