###PAGE###1###
m

g

i.

- ¦
No 25, 37th Year
¦SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:,
THURSDAY, DECEMBER?. 1909
t$1.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United btatte
Dr. H. G. Pocks will be away from hi* Shoxvville Office from Friday evening, December l«t. until Tuesday morning, December 12th.
Mixed Dance-A mixed dance heal, will be held in Shawville Theatre on Friday night of this week. Dec.
8th. Good music. Good time for
GEORGES CARON COWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets '
PERSONAL MENTION
B. A
B. C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Cimpbi'l'i Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Mr< J. H. Murray Plient the week end with friend* in Mont
• s
Shaw ville Hardware
Mr. Andrew Sly ha* been * pending a vacation at the home cf hie
nephew, Mr. Ja* Campbell, in H ri 9 tol.
extra For particular* apply	«it.
Leonard Hkijbmfr, Phone w.
all.
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premise*. ,The finest and most
modern in Ontario, school with
reputation, 0|)en nil year.
Barn Equipment
WJG. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE.
Attend n an established
to
Mr. and Mrs. C. I). Wilson, of I SHAWVILLE
SB
proceeds of which are in of the Red Cross Society. J eion. 25 and 15 cents.
Stable Brooms,
Stable Shovels,
Ensilage Forks,
Manure Forks,
Straw Forks,
Cow Chains,
Chain Slides,
Curry Combs, Horse Blankets.

* mmr w. mime», l.o.c.m.
H|M|M	hie
mother, Mrs. John Morrison, in town.
I
w. I. COWUMC,
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe!
1 wish to Inform the public (hat I will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong s residency Main ÿtreet, Shawvilk, •n Tiwday of each aeck.
JAMES A. MILLAR
The United Church Sunday
School has decided to have their...	. m ¦	¦ IPB ¦	¦
annual Christmas tree and pro Mi. and Mr*, Ernest Hobbs, Mr. gramme in the hall on Friday, *00 Mr* Dotigal Hobbs and December 15. Practice# are al-(daughter, Evelyn, Mr. and Mr*, ready under way in preparation Hobbs. Mr. John Hobbs, Rev. » — for an excellent programme.	| Frank Hobbs and little Miss Ethel I
s&HFeS'BiH I EE'sEr”iF™ ^ ^
~ night, December 18th. A progra
will be provided. • Everybody i . , welcome. A box will be placed at I l\e.6(* ,or P1^* the door for anyone desiring to 1 ty|*oss' make a donation.
B. A, i L L .L,
ADVOCATE, AUmilIR.
l29 Main St.f Hull,Que.
AtPonliscHouse, Shawville, Wednesday afternoon At Moyle*» Hotel, Campbell'»Bay, every Wednesday morning.
tie.
Phone 22—14.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medici \ Building
nd Street
MONTREAL, QUE. HMIA8 93 8 8
every
JII .1 world torn by war, there is
Help the Red
D
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
Shawville Women # Institute | Home Narsing Class to be wRI meet at the home of Mrs. G. Formed by Shawville Branch G. McDowell, at eight o clock on ! Canadian Red Cross Society Monday evening. Dec. 11th. As-
as&asruR."fc$e ! jf
Elmside Women# institute will announce that a Home Nursing meet at the home of Mr*. Frank Clast will be formed under the Armstrong, on Wednesday after |direction Of Mrs. Reuben Smith, noon, Dec. 18th, at two o’clock. A K.N., «nd Mrs Earl McDowell,
Christman program will be pio	I BBC
vided. Roll call — Exchange of . These nurses have had special gifts.	instruction in publie health work.
t*««¦« <-«•»<. ”r." SSS&-
Sii’saÉræ sii gaSStr’tBS‘
ISSPHi SsISsl
York City.&Tbe local doctors and nurses of the district will assist,
The course covers a variety of
subjects, such as care of the sick,,	BE	¦¦¦ (J
infant feeding, dietetics, commun- A pretty wedding was quietly icable diseases, emergencies and solemnized in St. Paul 9 Anglican treatments.	»	\ Church, Shaw ville- on Thursday
This course will consist of twelve afternoon, November 90th, 1090.
___________ _t. when Mies Dorothy Irene Pearl
rollments than can be accommo- Storie, eldest daughter of Mr. and dated in one section, ttvo or more Mrs. John Storie, of Shawville, I	I ¦¦	j Que, became the bride of Loren
oungest son of . L J. Fairfield, also i. The Rector, Rev T.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Dl|. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Graduate of McGil University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
In the G. F.Hudgins Buildlrp Main Street, Que.
Oekick
to
BUAH 3 267
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

Advocate. Bannister. Solicitor, etc,
f b i'h’K : Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
ENGAGE ENT
Hobbs-Knf,kn
and Mrs R. A. Hobbs, Quyoo, Que-, announce the en- « gagement of his only daughter, Verna Marguerite, to George Clifford, eon of Mr. and Mrs. H. 8. Kneen, Ottawa. Marriage to take place the last «>1 December. « I
MARRIED
Mi
In Times Like These
CLINTON H. DOWD
b.a, ll.b.. c.l.
Advocate, Barrister
Main Street «
Phone, Shcr. 1304
At Footia House, Shawville, Que e :sry Friday evening.
etc
- IJill, Qi k.
Shawville United W. ft S.
The buying Public can easily understand that
no two
Fairfibld--Storib
Women’s Missionary !
aÊÊÊÊHfKÊÊM ursday afternoon with the president, Mrs. U.
N. Woodley, in the chair and a P ^	....	I ¦
large attendance of members and lectures, and if there are more en ¦¦¦ resen
The
stores sell out of merchandise at the same time and consequently there will b
Society of the Sha Church met on Th
e a wide variety of retail prices until markets are definitely settled. Customers are assured our prices are adjusted at closest legitimate margins, and
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦ •A.. LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
large ai visitors
Mrs. 8. E. McDowell's group d,Hted in section, t
were in charge of the meeting, and cll?,8e8 *** ¦Srraed-
*	' ‘	The class will open Jan. dro. ^ymi r«nui
1040. Persons wishing to enroll Mr. and Mrs Convenors of various committees should make application ae early ™ r Nurse ofllclaUd
The bride, given in marriage by her father, wore a wool crepe dress of a laurel tone designed on princess lines. Her hat with shoulder-PPPHBHHHHHPIHH length veil was to match. She George B, Roth well, director of I also wore a gold watch neckpiece,
Production Services. Dominion a gift of her mother. Hercoisagehgg STREET
n Jan. 3rd. John Fairfield
the Associate Helpers were special guests,	_
war or no war, we
Branch at Quyon ; will cal! any Monday on request.
are here to serve you
Mr*. As Possible.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
gave reports as follows : —
A. A. Smart, temperance ; Mrs. P. miHHHHH
Mrs. C. H. MacLean, Red Cross.
Arrangements were made to
on Mtmday*^ ^a*e8 *or the ^est Department of Agriculture, and I was of orchids A devotional period was con former Dominion Livestock CW Miss Louise Booth, of Disp.mta, ducted bv Mr* A A Smurf Mrs	loner, died suddenly Sunday va., was bridesmaid, and was
Jo-eoh Kilffottr Mrs M A Mr afternoon at the Ottawa Civic attired in an aqua blue woollen KiZy .DX.’j A D«in	«“PitM. He was AS year, of age dress with navy blue inmoH»
MPV a p IfnlrwH	» K.i«f »nd news of bis death va me as a Her corsage was also of orchids.
address and Mrs. -A. D. McC redie ?,reat shock to hundreds of friends Mr. Hany Storie, brother of the
SSxsESSs -
52 9BR	| mâ Farm, Ottawa, for years, entered You Trulv".
hospital four weeks ago to undergo After the ceremony, a buffet
Bosaar Financial Success	«0 operation. Following it he lunch was served at the home of
—.	appeared to be progressing favor- the bride's parents to immediate
The annual bazaar held on Fri- *bly and well on the road to re- friende. The young couple then day last in the Shawville Theartre, e,'very when he Buffered a sudden left for a trip through the Eastern and sponsored bv the ladies or 8e’zlire Sunday, shortly after dim United States. They will reside ga ni Rations of St Paul's Church,	He died within a short time. I in Shawville.	' . «
was well patronized. The work One of too best known officials
paiSJH L^b-ju K jus	« £
EhJildiZ“ "	'°r tedtKS °Mhi"btriS	Attended th.
A	hall greeted the I-	--- * The bride wore a gown of wine
iflicaii X. P., for their evening j	DIED	colored sheer wool crepe with
performance. It consisted of j	, .	harmonizing accessories.
TbTyonng g%'ers agsin^rought IM ^NO-At the homeof her ^on, Nj»'* a sheer dress of violet
EIS*F*
na Wil-on. Jean Smith, TO<| and Cemetery.	' I »	»
#
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
HULL,
QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m At Pootiac House, Shawville, Tuesday from 5.00 to 6.00 p m
Christmas Buying
Do your Christmas shopping early
every
Most of our merchandise is priced far below replace-
We are well supplied with Holiday Coeds and Gifts and invite inspection.
D. J. CAMPBELL
\
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
ment costs.
Phone#:.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
O
Dental Surgeon

Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit antT New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week. -
As Usual
Our Grocery Department is replete with almost
thing required for your Christmas and New Years Baking.
Our Sales People are instructed to give every consider-
#
ation, service, prices and attention to all our customers and our hope is that even in War Time
i- J	*« ; * „ * /	• •>- * • 9 > * i >	^ , .V, L;
we all may have a Good Christmas.
every-
H. K. NEILSON, M.D
Eye, Ear, Nose am* Throat Special:,
MEDICAL ARTS OUILDIN®
An
z
,
Mrs.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 1-79,1
ONT. ,


Gordon T. Paul INSURAHCE

HEPRBSBNTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Messrs. L^wh Judd, Keith Brown- j lee, John Howard, H*-ib Wa kens, I
Judd, Geo. and Ted Reid.	P
At the close of the play the Correction—In the list of pall-turkey and cake were drawn for bearer* acting at the funeral of The cake went to Mrs -Arthur I Mr*. Wrn. Ü. Lsugbren. the name
t uràey to Mr
Enroll Now
W. A. Hodgins. Lt d
Persons ri*»iring to enroll in th* Red C o** N ui-Hiii g Clam* will b#- re eived up to Decrm bt-r 28th. 1090 Apply to -
Mrs Rkubkn Smith. R. N.. Mrs Karl McDowKLL. R N
Shawville
Quebec



SHAWVILLE . - QUE
gi

#
> m
###PAGE###2###
44
troduced the subject. "I should _______
here told you last Sunday,” he I IFf || THE III
said, "that live thousand people 111*
had been fed with five loaves and I EM CHRISTMAS
two small fishes." Then, looking | ll¥* down at Mr. Murphy, he added:
“You could not do that, Mr. Murphy, could you?” “Ah, sure, yer rlv*rence, I could alslly enough,” replied Murphy, "If I gave ’em what were left over from last Sunday!”
Canada's Navy In Action On Both Coasts
Name of Bay
Barrie Is On

Kempenfell Bay Named After British Rear-Admiral of 18th Century
E
r


The super-destroyer Kempenfell, which has been tafcen over by the Canadian navy, has been re-chrle-toned Asslnibolne. While It Is no doubt the custom to change a vessel's name under fheee circumstances. and Asslnibolne Is a good nattve-Canadlan name, Kempenfelt Is also familiar to Canadians as that of the bay on which Barris Is located. Canada's new naval unit Is no doubt called after the As-slnlbolne river which bears the name of the Asslnibolne or Stoney Indian tribe. The word means “one who roasts by the use of stones," an old Indian custom.
Governor Slmcoe Bestowed It
Kempenfelt bay and the superdestroyer Kempenfelt were both named after ft British rear-admiral, Richard Kempenfelt, of Swedish descent, who lived In the eighteenth century and went down with the Royal George at the time when Its bottom fell out, an event pictured by Cowper In a well-known poem. It was Governor Slmcoe who bestowed the name on the Ontario bay
6
mm


"How Is yoir insomnia? Is it getting any better?M
“I'm worse than ever, can't even sleep when it's time to get up."
I

k
And, boy — Ogdon’s is a gift for the man who rolls his ownl

i
Both the fond mother and the patient photographer had failed to make the rAtless little boy eH still long enough to have his picture taken iHPHHHHHH grapher suggested that the mother
should leave the studio for a few minutes
was ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
picture. “What did the nice photographer say to make mother's little darling ait still while I was
out of the room?” she asked the I child on the way home. “He said: 'You sit still, you little rascal, or I'll knock your head off'," replied the child.
>
i



f.
Finally the photo-

a*



N



During her absence he successful in taking a good


r





!





IB :.«**
W
Sasr
at
I
'A lb. tin 75/
I
la a gaily coloured Christ mao *****



OGDEN’S
A maid who recently joined the church was asked hew the knew she was converted.
She replied: “Because new 1 clean under the rugs."
\
FINE CUT
«3
\
I

V
;

yt'1 '
r
Shorts and scanty clothing are not in keeping with the gravity of the international situation, according to comment in Riviera newspapers and women are urged to wear more clothes.
y*
n


H is bagpipe playing was the chief thing that mattered to him in life. One night, while he was strutting about the room, skirling for all he was worth, his wife attempted a mild protest.
“Jock,” she said, “that's sn awful noise you're making.”
So Jock sat down and took off his boots.
\


Have Yon Heard
i
w

The above views show some of the various duties of the Royal Canadian Navy on both coasts. Left, top to bottom: One of the fast destroyers on patrol duty along the seaboard: A depth charge exploding astern of a speeding destroyer; Sailors manning a rapid-fire anti-aircraft gun on deck. Right, top to bottom: The after deck of a destroyer showing depth charges and mine-sweeping equipment: A torpedo leaving the tube toward the objective; Sailors manning one of the deck guns. Listeners of the Canadian Breadcasting Corporation's National Network will hear another of the feature broadcasts devoted to Canada's Fighting Services on Friday, December 1, 9.00-10.00 p.m. EST. “The Royal Canadian Navy" will be a sound-picture of the complete and comprehensive activities of the Navy at work in time of war.
r ASTHMA 1
IbronchitisI
m tw mm-m
COUGHS? COUS
. ntlD FASTU TOj
An Irish priest one Sunday, referring to the miracle of the loaves and fishes, said in errdr that five people had been fed with five thousand loaves and two small
fishes After the service some of I	scL.i™, A.«h
the congregation discussed the I | Hred erhe. statement, one of them named I ,	JZIZT,
Murphy declaring that, if it were I g caret.
, miracle, he himself could do the i „ CHOi;chSah co„ same thing. The next Sunday the I •	wmkerviii* — o»t.
priest, having heard of this, rein- | • • •
i
Drmnad At Veer I>ru*sl»t ( llomiMAN'H LI21IMK21T
Velee,
¦
- I
• I
Mr. H. J. Carmichael, President of the local Scout Association spacious room permits meetings of Cub Packs or Scout Troops unable to meet in their usual places, in an emergency, upstairs are cooking facilities, and storage for the tents and other equipment for the district camp site, “Wigwas-sin,” near the Welland ship canal.
SCOUTING
A
er Velde
What Science
I
I
B um?„k>u!ï S
A Thanksgiving Day model airplane flying contest of Brampton, Ont., Scouts brought out 11 models. The prize for the plane remaining longest in the air went to Scout William Riseberry and the second to Scout William Bean.
LTD.
IS
Doing
*
*
Classified Advertisements
Two alert Sudbury Scouts out hunting with their father noticed a cord hanging from the Iwnb of a tree
NERVOUSNESS AND TOOTH DECAY
Nervousness precipitates decay in children's teeth, according to Dr. Percy R. Howe, Boston, who said long research had shown Jhat a child’s diet might be sufficient for good tooth structure and condition, but the diet advantage would be offset by a nervous spell.
Modern	j
Etiquette j
tY ROBFRlA LEE J

Investigating, they found a radio meteorgraph released from Baltimore
KKATHKK9 WANTED
riJRNlTl’HK FOR SALK
ALE VIS V% A VI ED
The instrument indicated the moistures, temperatures and the height to which the instrument had ascended.
»	# O
Clinton, Ont., Rover Scouts on a fishing trip discovered a brush fire, notified the farmer and assisted him to extinguish the fire.
# # #
The Boy Scouts of St. Catharines have an attractive district headquarters, “Carmichael House" a large brick building adjoining St. Thomas church, named after
A UOOl> SALES AGENT SHOULD lepreieut a good company. We want good representatives for unoccupied territories now nursery stock Is the best that money and experience can produce
fifty years' business. Write Pelham Nursery Co., Toronto.
HIGHEST PRICE FOR NEW AND used feathers. Robinson'», 282 Brock Avfnue Toronto. Write for quotations.
CHESTERFIELDS *	*1 WEEKLY
Our
Isn’t it poor taste for the friends of a newly married couple to make them conspicuous in public by attaching placards to their car, and performing other such so-called jokes?
2. At a holiday dinner, such as Thanksgiving or Christmas, where the service might be called semi-fermai, is it all tight to iffer the guest-» a second helping of turkey?
u. When a married woman is travelling alone, should she sign the hotel register Mrs. H. !.. Hudson, or Mary Lou Hudson?
4.	Should a guest stay beyond the time specified in the invitation, when the hostess says, “Can’t.you stay longer?”
5.	What would be ;he best phrase t-o isc when a man is introducing another man to h*s wfie?
Ci. It being the woman’s privilege to offer her hand to a man, if Hie man should offer his hand, v hat should she do?
1

3-PIECE CHESTERFIELD SUITES in velour» and repp covers factory reconditioned, originally expensive suites, better than s cheap, new one, 1 pieces complets. $24.60. Three piece chesterfielâ suites, newly recovered in choies repp fabrics. Just like new, at half the price. Three piece ones-Piste $39. 6 per cent down, $L## a week. We pay freight to jrosr station. Dept. W., Royal Chesterfield Manufacturers. 66 Richmond SL K., Toronto.

m
HAIR GOODS
Six-hundrcd-acre nursery
TOUPES, TRANSFORMA-tlons. Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hulr Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 628 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
WIGS
CYCLONE CORES WARM
Shooting the eye of a cyclone with a radio sonde, a robot weather observer and radio transmitter carried aloft by balloons, has revealed that the cyclone has a warm core, and that it may travel on overhead atmosphere tracks in the stratosphere instead of being governed by surface weather conditions.
PAST-SELLING LKi'EATER. NO competition. New disposable tissue dueler.
"AUKS T -
commission. (Ontario) Reg d. 615 Yonne Street. Toronto.
ku35
STU1\ LOOK AND READ
SELL
special Christmas Club offers to popular Canadian end American M a est a! n es us local Representative. Pleasant, Interesting, profitable. Write today. Canadian Periodicals. 245 Grace St., Toronto, Ontario.
INC UKASE VOIR EARNING#
)
EARN DOLLARS READING YOUR newspapers! Dime and stamp brings Information and surprises! K. Remhe. 527 King St. W„ Hamilton. Ontario.
LYONS
478 Yonge St., Toronto FALL SALE
LARGE PROFIT. FAST SALES — Men and Women to sell used clothing, Snowden, 99 Winchester, Toront<
MACHINERY
New-* Reconditioned Furniture
Tremendous Savings
17 SO 8oUti °ak lining Room V . V 8ulte» buffet, table and • chaire.
Od OO Walnut finish Dining Room 61.W guile. buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholete*ed chalra
IQ nn N*ne piece Osk Dining Suite J^.uu buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
0
I How Can I ?
HALTS PUERPERAL FEVER
Philadelphia physicians after nearly three years of experimentation have announced development of a new vaccine against puerperal infections (childbirth fever) which proved 100 per cent, effective in 229 cases tested. Not one case of puerperal sepsis, cause of 50 per cent, of all obstetric deaths, developed during the experiments.
“ROCKING BED" CURE
Rocking beds, a new aid to medical treatment, are described in the proceedings of the Mayo Clin-
The report says that in the first eighty-eight cases at the clinic the beds have given “rather striking and rapid relief of pain” in the legs and have brought sleep to many sleepless persons. t They were used mostly on persona with arteriosclerosis which had interfered with circulation of the blood, with complications that produced gangrem in some instances.

WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS-Delta woodworking tools — electric motors. Belting and shop piles of every description. Th ft Williams Machinery Co- Ltd.. 64 Front St. W., Toronto.
4 % H*. AI AX AND II * ED
i
sup-• A.
6V A ïi ft E ASH' EV
MOL NT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD . Toronto s oldest Chrysler. Plymouth dealers; three locations, 633 Mount Pleasant Road. 2040 Yonge Street, 1225 Danforth Ave. Our used ear* make us many friends.
Q. How can I press a suit more satisfactorily?
A. Fold a large piece of newspaper lengthwise, wet cne side of it, and fold the dry side over the wet side. Place the wet side against the suit and iron on the dry side. This will also prevent n shiny suit.
Q7 How can I make a good pin cushion?
A. Dry hair-combings make a nice filling for pin cushions. Dried coffee grounds are also satisfactory, as they do not gather moisture nor rust.
Q. How can I check hiccoughs?
A. An old remedy which often proves very effective is to put the blade of a table knife on the tongue for a few minutes.
Q. How can I return tatting to a good clear color when it has become very soiled ?
A. The best plan is to wet the tatting and soap it well. „Then lay it on some hand brush. This will clean it beautifully without harming it.
Q. How can I remove odors from bottles?
A. Fill half-full of cold water and add a tablespoonful of dry mustard. Shake vigorously, let stand half an hour, and rinse thoroughly with clear water.
Q. How can I determine if the turkey is ready to take from the oven?
A. One method is to pierce the leg! If the juice ie white, or pale pink, the turkey is ready.
MEDICAL
HIGH UU*>I> PRESSURE— WRITE for free Un.klet end full particu-lare regarding our amusingly successful	by blood	treatment
Pedigreed	Product*	Saskatoon.
Saak.
CldlHIM. 4M» FI ItNITI
\vj: guarantee i«u per cent
fit and	In luteal style
clothing (slightly used). Gentlemen's hulls or overcoats, regular ' to $ 6 y H (I. special $6 HO to 612.00. Ladies Winter Coûta. $4.00 to $7 Postpaid State measurements, colours, style. Send money-order. Also writ* for bargain price lists of reconditioned used furniture. Ruskln & Company. Peterboro. Ontario.
Answers:
1. Yes. This is not only very bad taste, but often vulgar riage is too sacred to be made a public jest by self-appointed clowns. 2. Yes, by all means do so. 3. She should sign, Mrs. H. L. Hudson, and her home city, but not her street address. 4. No. A hostess is. usually trying to be hospitable when she makes such a remark. A guest should not oVerstay the time specified. 5. "Martha, this is Mr. White (or Charles White).” C. The well-bred woman will accept it, of course. It would be very rude, unfriendly, and exceedingly embarrassing if *he did
Beautiful Walnut finish Dining Suite, buffsL aion table, china cabinet and ther upholstered chaire.
OH Sol,d Walnut Dining Suits, 037.W «.oat new $300.) buffet, china cabinet, extension table an# 1
bolstered chaire, partment aise Bedroom Suite, in walnut flnieh. vanity. chiffonier, full else bed. spring and mattress.
IQ Qf) Modern Walnut finish Bed-J7,w room Suite, dresser. Venetian mirror, chiffonier, fell else bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
factory
•ample Bedroom Suite. In bleached walnut finish, waterfall design, dresser, chiffonier, full alee] bed, eagles* spring and new tress.
6Q on Large ¦¦
vtt.w room Suite (cost new $*##) completely refinished, dresser, chlf-robe, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
0 7 Sf) 8 Piece Chesterfield Suite, -/,Juwlth Marshall reversible spring cushions, upholstered In brown r
59.00
Mar-
6 lea-
OFFKIt TO INVENTOR»
A.N OFFER TU EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorneys, Renk Street. Ottawa. Canada.
leather u
I
24.00
ic
EDI I ATION4I
PERSONAL
iTU DENTS NHVV ENROLLING FOR Courses In Muirlculntlull. Short story, Journalism. Aovei Using Short hand and Speech Vultuie Make use of
Write today, t'linudiun « 'orres deuce College (established I 229 Yonge St. Toronto
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY pensively. Home remedy. Test!monial». Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
inex
Beautiful new
49.00
youi spine time
ipon •02).
RAW KIRS WANTED
t-
SHI> YOUR FURS TO US FOR full market prices. L. A. Jones, 119 Talbot St., St. Thomas, Ont.
ELECTRIC NHAVKIt flJN
solid walnut Bed-
TH1S IS THE NEW ELECTRIC shaver you've read about, that makes shaving so very, very easy Just plug It In and run the shaver over your face. That's all — no soap, water, brush or blades. We suggest you try It. Over a million wore sold last year. Original price $10. Guaranteed one year. Postpaid. Agents wanted.
Co- 10 Gatehouse Quebec.
net
RANCHER» AND TRAPPERS
ALL PRICES ON RAW FURS ARE low. Why not get the most for your fox pelts by having them tanned and made Into attractive scarves and sell them direct? Workmanship guaranteed. Silvers $$.60, reds $6.60. Thos. Etoack, Taxidermist and Furrier, 1$72 Queen St. K.. Toronto.

epp material.
Smart S-pIecs Chesterfield Suite, figured Marshall spring cushions, upholstered in brown mohair.
'yA Large $ piece Chesterfield
perfect condition, reversible Marshall spring cushlOM, upholstered 1n blue figured velour.
nn Beautiful large brown J J.W ha1r chesterfield Sult% Marshall spring construction, completely reconditioned.
4 QC Several odd Cbeaterflelde le assorted covers, to clear.
Q Ca Kitchen Cabinet#. In oak an# •7WV7 enamel finishes, with sliding porcelain tops.	_
14 «nO Breakfast Suites In enamel itf|n|»tiew. table. 4 chairs and buffet.
11 Genuine Singer Drop Head 1OK) Sewing machines, oak cabinets, guaranteed.
Large assortment tables, chairs, beds, dressers, chiffoniers, stoves t# clear at ridiculously low prices.
All marchandIne completely reconditioned. guaranteed absolutely clean and sold with our definite money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
Flying Through
The Troposphere
A
17.50

reversible
Hell Sales Bldg.. Montreal.


FARM FOR SALK
If menai research continuef at its present pace, huge freight and passenger planes will climb into the troposphere and fly undei perfect conditions from one continent to another. Since 1934 conditions this layer of the atmosphere have been studied and a number ot experimental flights already made. Flying above 20,000 ft, planes will be sealed and carry their own air, for above this altitude the atmosphere is so rare that cigarettes go out through lack of oxygen.
But well above the clouds, the atmosphere is nearly always fin# and owing to the lighter quality of the air there is leee drag or friction. Because of this, planes
k
NINETY ACRES
PRODUCTIVE clay loam adjoining v liage. good buildings, spring watered. Two thousand cash, balance 4 per cent. William Pearce. Exeter.

SKATING OUTFIT»

SKATING OUTFITS
SLIGHTLY used. $1.76, $2.16. $2.65. New high quality. $2.81#, $8.26. $4.26. plus 25c postage. Peerless, 191 Dundee W., Toronto.

1
FARR EQUIPMENT

FANNING MILL (KLINE) FARM age bay best seed grader; wild oat separator testimonials. Kline Manufacturing, Islington, Ont
V*
USED TIRE» FOR SALE
iSt
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL SIZES. Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited
Tire, 1611 Dundee West,
FARRS WANTED
Brockton
Toronto.
CLIENTS WAITING PÔR FARMS et once. State price unequipped. Ernest • 2160 Yonge St, Toronto
equipped and E. Preston,
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS

rosur
HANDY APPLE TREES
HARDY APPLE TREES - 60 CT& each. Canada’s Lowest Priced Nursery. [
Immediately requesting sensation al offerings Tobe's Trrery,
U»ed
New

LYONS
FURNITURE CO.
478 Yonge St., Toronto Open Evenings
rowln
g leading varieties Ornamentals. Write
I
irai
SPECIALIZING
IN REBUILT MOTORS, power. iJNlTd, HyFweUe
4
reea.
MENTHDLATUM
i
me
-t

per cent
COMFORT
Osf $ ! y
t
Levy Aele
ISSUE NO. 48	39
•r
ft
Ms
7
%
###PAGE###3###

ï.w*
100 Million A Day I Rabies Quarantine
Hampers Hunters
Canadian Minister to France Greets British Ambassador
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
! '
Is Spent On War


089
PARADE
¦s
Hunters who regularly use dog# following their favorite sport in Bruce County are under a bandit cap these days, due to the rabies epidemic which broke out in the WIngham district earlier in the fall.

Rough Estimate Made of Total Cash Cost In Present Conflict — Germany Heads List
f
/'¦** >Y


Over in England they've been calling it "The Bore War." tense populace, nerved to expect the worst in air raids, gas attacks, intmediately upon the commencement of hostilities with Germany, has been experiencing one of the greatest mass boredoms in all history. In the eleventh week of the war, however, signs were evident that Britain’s millions were beginning to climb up from that letdown feeling, and were realizing that life could be gay and amusing even on the brink of catastrophe.
"Adolf in Blundtrland" took the country by storm. First introduced by the BBC to the unsuspecting ears of radio fans, this wild satire on Lewis Carroll's immortal classic supplied the necessary impetus towards national •motionalHBHpiHHM laughed again. Here's how it went in part:
"Twas Danzig, and the Swasti-koves
Did hell and hittlc in the Reich He took his Aryan horde in hand, Long time the Gestapo he taught; Then rested he by the Baltic Sea And stood awhile in thought.
And aa a Polish oath they swore, The grabberwoch with eyes aflame Came goring down the Corridor And goebbeled as it came . . .
e • e e s
Adolf: "Dear, dear! How queer everything ia today. But if I am not myself, who am I? Well, I'm sure Pm not Bismarck, for his hair was bristly and mine falls in a beautiful bang right over my left eye. And I can't her Napoleon, because he retreated from Moscow . . . Oh, dear! I wish I could get my thoughts straight."
The eleventh week of the war saw a sudden increase in disasters on the sea. Outlaw /mines, drifting in the path of neutral shipping In the wsr zone, took a heavy toll of non-combatant lives, sank dozens of ships, British, Dutch, Lithuanian, Japanese. Was it the German intention to circle the British Isles with a chain of deadly mines which would cut off the stream of supplies from overseas?
The curtain was lifted last week on a reign of terror whose horribleness the world had merely been conjecturing since March of this year. In the provinces of Bohemia and Moravia (Czecho-Slo-vakia), where demonstrations and riots against the Germans have recently been occurring, 50,000 people were said to have been arrested by Nazi police over one week-end, more than a hundred killed, school children carried off to concentration camps, colleges closed indefinitely.
Germany last week declared her main war aim to be the destruction of British supremacy in the world. But how could a nation, with its own worst enemy (Czechoslovakia) curled right at i(p heart, hope to wage successful war for any period of time? Sortie political observers gave the Nazi regime till next spring to collapse. The army high command were obviously on the outs with Nazi party chiefs, some reports even indicating that Hitler’s generals had fused to attempt an invasion of Holland. Was Hitler on the horns of a dilemma from which he could escape only by sacrificing himself? Were all the Nazi chickens ing home to roost simultaneously? The mistakes of the past (Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland)—blocking any decisive move? The next few weeks were expected to make clear to us the f.nswer.
«
!



A
pm
The war is costing possibly $100,000,000 a day In current cash outlay alone. Additional costa In losses of property, arms and commercial revenue cannot be computed now.
The $100,000,000 Is neither an official nor exact figure. It is merely an estimate value made from the best Information available at Washington, D.C. may be far too high. On the other hand, war costs may rise even further, If and when wholesale destruction of men, guns, fortifications and ships begins.
However, data from several different sources Indicate that Germany, heading the list, may have spent $12,000,000,000 for war by the end of her fiscal year next March; Great Britain, her Dominions and colonies, at least $5,262,000,000; and France, using a calendar year fiscal period, at least $2,104,758,000 by the end of 1939.
By the end of March, Germany and the British Empire supposedly will have spent $17,262,000,000 for a war that began 211 days earlier On Sept. 2, or $81,800,000 a day. By the end of December, 120 days after the start of hostilities, France will have spent $2,194,758,081; or $18,200,000 a day. The total is $100,000,000 a day.
The war appropriation of $100,000,000 was voted by Canada In September. Defenses, expenditures for 1939-40, before the declaration of war, had been budgetted at $53,000,000, giving Canada a total of $163,000,000 for war.
¦4
For a full-sized war, there’s a.i awful lot of talking going on. —London Free Press.
Quarantine measures were ordered throughout a widespread area and under these a dog, when at lifo. erty, must be muzzled. Now a hound with a muzzle is little use in hunting, nimrods declare, and say they are unablç to follow their favorite sport with any degree of

j


m'
THE ELUSIVE TURKEY
Turkeys will be cheap on the market this Christmas but as hard as ever to win at bowling contests. —Toronto Telegram.


success.
DOUBLE DEFENSE An apple a day keeps the doctor away, we nr j told. The Barrie Examiner adds:—"Two apples a day will help keep the Germans away."—St. Marys Joumal-Argus.
MUNICIPAL FREEDOM
If a municipality re-clectb its officers year by year, it is an indication that that particular municipality is getting about as good a brand of economical home government as it possible to attain. But being deprived of the power to change that government, year after year, is an entirely different thing.—Huron Expositor.
THE SOYA BEAN^
There are ten thousand acres under soya bean production in Canada, mostly in Ontario. Ten years ago it was an unknown crop in the Dominion. Its uses are many and the soya bean has become an important raw material in the automobile, electrical appliance, enamel, soap and feed industries, as well as in innumerable industries using plastics. It is anticipated that the war will greatly extend the cultivation and utility of the •oya bean.—Marketing.
The estimate
A* fa BEE HIVE
y
Am
#
.11
Britain
recovery.
m
Col. George Van 1er. Canadian minister in Paris, is shown, LEFT, greeting Sir Ronald Campbell, new British ambassador to France, upon his arrival m Paris.
$
• e •
dam, he said, was in the middle of a tag alder swamp and he feared the beavers will only rebuild it and create a similar situation again in the near future which will again call for similar drastie steps.
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
III
By VIC BAKER

Britain Is Buying Frozen Fish Here
Canada and Newfoundland Are Supplying Immense Quantity _ 100,000,000 Pounds To Start With
. DUCK-OUTS
That well-known and active conservation organization, Ducks Unlimited (Canada), “shot" the first of its “duck-outs" recently atJTa-tagwa Lake near Weyburn, Saak., in a campaign that will make use of ordinary dynamite to do good work for ducks and conservation in general. This idea of digging duck-outs for ducks is a new one in this country, and should eventually prove successful in blasting miles of ditches through western swamps and praiije country to make homes for the ducks.
An expert handler of dynamite did the explosive work and made deep holes all over the shallow and nearly dried out Tatagwa Lake, so that greater quantities of water will gather there, especially in the spring, and thus be a stopping off place for the ducks in their migration northward. Enough water is expected to be gathered in these dynamited holes to last throughout- the breeding season.
DAM BEAVER
Dynamite is often called upon U help defend the services of mankind against the overwhelming forces of Nature For instance, this common substance was used recently to blow up a section of a beaver dam in the northeast corner of Peterborough Cou.ity after water had backed up and blocked the important boundary road on the Hastings-Peterborough line. According to Game Overseer I. J. Lyons, who broke the offending embankment, there was more than 100 yards of roadway flooded by Mr. Beaver’s playful construction work. and the flow of watei was spreading over nearby farms. The
r*0 I C>f ^

War Costs Here In Second Month Were 9 Millions
Immense quantities of frozen fish are being purchased in Canada and Newfoundland by British fish interests.
An order Is being placed for about 50,000.000 lbs. of fish in Newfoundland and British interests have authorized purchase of 100,000,000 pounds of Canadian frozen fish immediately It is available.
T guage the production possibilities of the Dominion. Major Hugh Green, of London. England, has been conferring with officials of the fisheries department at Ottawa.
Two Air Marshals Meet On Canadian Soil
Canada’s special war expend!- I tares in October are listed at $9,- I 300,829, in a report Issued at Ot- I tawa by the office of the comptrol- | * 1er of the treasury.
First Official Figure It was the first official government figure on the war costs to be made public. There was no September figure given and as returns are sometimes delayed in reaching the treasury, it Is possible that part of the total might have been expended in September.	'
The war expenditures would be taken from the $100,000,000 war appropriation voted at the special session of Parliament last September. It Is considered possible that the money was used largely by the Defense Purchasing Board which handled government war buying prior to being taken over by the new War Supply Board last November 1.
The war cost figure was included in a general survey of the government's balance sheet for October, and for the six months April to October, inclusive.
PUCK CHASERS

TOPICS OF THE HOCKEY SEASON IN ONTARIO
New Clubs Accepted Hockey interest throughout Canada is going ahead, with many new clubs being formed, speaks well for the spirit of sportsmen in “carrying on” for the enjoyment and physical well-being of our young men in time of war.
New clubs accepted into O H. A. membership by the Executive Committee follow: Parry Sound Intermediate “B”; Parry Sound Junior “C"; Port Elgin Junior “C"; 100th Battery, Listowel, Intermediate “B”; Hamilton Consol, Photos, Junior “B"; Niagara Falls Industrial League; Orillia Junior “C”; Orillia, Intermediate "B" Perth Regiment C.A.S.F. at Stratford, Intermediate “B".
For fifty years the O H.A. h&v been in existence and has continuously operated a Senior series. No other sporting organization in Canada can equal that record.
The Ontario Hockey Association dates back to November 27, 1890, and the Queen’s Hotel, Toronto, now the Royal York, was its birthplace. The founders of the O.H. A. wer& Hon. Arthur Stanley, son of a former Governor General of Canada, Judge Barron of Stratford, and Harry Ward, M.P., from East Durham. Lt.-CoL A. M. Cosby o{ Toronto was the first President; Messrs. Barren and Ward, Vice-Presidents; C. R. Hamilton, of Toronto Victorias, Secretary;. C. K. Temple, Toronto, Treasurer; and P. D. Ross, Ottawa, J. F. Smellie, Captain Evans, J. C. Garvin, William Hencrie, Jr., Hamilton, A. F. D. MacGachen, Lindsay, and W. A. H. Kerr former the first Executive. The first Senior O.H.A. championship was won by the Ottawa club, with Toronto S(. George’s runneA-up.





This
Air Chief Marshal Sir Robert Brooke-Popham, G.C.V.O., K.C.B., C.M.G., D.S.O., A.F.C., (right in picture) was welcomed by Air Marshal W. A. Bishop, V.C., D.S.O., D.F.C., on his arrival in Canada to lend his invaluable aid to the Empire air training scheme now under way here under the guidance of Lord Riverdale. Picture was taken when Sir Robert reached Montreal. Britain’s fighting planes and bombers, he said, were superior to those of the enemy. He also stressed the superiority of th# Curtiss planes to the German Messerschmidts.
Proposed New International Motor Truck Sales and Service Branch House In Toronto.
M1CK1E SAYS—


WUA1 SUVtS ME IS TW PORE WAMPUS 'AT GTTS SORE AT US OVER KlUTHHJ' MUCH, BUT CAkfr STOP TH'
paper f err bzeu,
3CCUT HE AIWT A
SUBSCRIBER./ y
• /
m
¦
l




¦
¦



com-
r




s$.ai

mv


Canada’s Doors Opened Wider

h
m



i


Canada opened wider lu doors to Immigrants In the first six months of the present fiscal year. Number of immigrants entering Canada totalled 12,024, an increase of 10,704 over the same period the previous fiscal year, the immigration department reports at Ottawa.
Entry of Sudeten Germans, who left that section of Czechoslovakia after the German annexation, accounted for a 79.5 per cent, increase In immigration from Northern European races, who numbered 1,656 compared with 867. The number of Immigrants of German origin was 975 compared with 322 last year.
Immigrants from the , British Isles at 2,544 showed an increase of 15.1 per cent, while the number from the United States rose by 1.8 per cent, to 3,410 from 3,865. Immigrants of other European races totalled 4,614 compared with 4,262. Of this ojsss Jewish Immigrants showed the largest increase, the total rising to 1,107 from 236.
a
lï*vx; ,.W9.
A general contract for erection of a new $185,000 International motor truck sales and service branch house in Toronto has been let to the Brennan Paving Co. of Hamilton, Ont., it was announced recently by Frank W. Morton, Vice-President of International Harvester Company of Canada, Ltd. The Brennan Company, which maintains offices in Toronto as well as in Hamilton, has started construction work on the new building. The new building will have 150 feet of frontage on Bathurst Street, and will be 337 feet deep, its sides extending along Stewart and Wellington Streets. It will be of concrete, brick, stone and steel construction. The front of the structure, containing a showroom on the ground floor and offices above, will be two stories high. The remainder of the building, housing the service station, parts department and truck storage space, ill be of one-storey construction. Among the features of the new International branch house will be a rest room for truck drivers, containing showers and other lavatory facilities. The new building, for which N. A. Armstrong of Toronto is architect, is to be completed by March 15, 1940, according to the contract.


m




WJ
ItX&4
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Fashion Plate
By GENE BYRNES
GONNA HAVE	'
III
NO / THE USUAL
ïmattà s»
s
UATURÛAY
V
I
/
AN' WHITE
JIMMIE
n^^oW
LUNCHEON/
AT
%
/
A
,1
~ #
# f


I
A total of 17,668,467 pedestri-and passengers in vehicles crossed the Ontario-United States boundary during 1988 via facilities provided by international bridge, tunnel and ferry eompan-
7
%
Ji

/

ta.
i
###PAGE###4###
n
THE EQUITY
Hot Mediterranean Wind Aids in Cork Formation
HODGINS
GARAGE
SOL-MIN
The wind blows fierce and hot in the Mediterranean during the dry season, and that is why most of the world's cork comes from Por* ! tugal, Spain and north Africa. For I the cork trees there, getting the full hot b’asts, in self-defense thicken | the outer bark as insulation. And I the result is cork, used in linoleum, insulation board, baseball centers, badminton balls, floats, fishing bobbers and life preservers.
Cork is industrially important be-can be compressed like no lid. A cubic inch, under pounds pressure in a press,
| spreads sidewise only a quarter inch. Remove the pressure and it j will regain 95 per cent of its height, j The secret is in its remarkable cel m	lular structure, which makes cork
"nn'' 1;ll> | different from most other #brous make the
Help them
SHAW VILLE, DEC. 7. 1939
Your Help Requested
\
! The Approved Mineral Supplement to Farm Feed
|| Keeps Farm Animals Healthy I	and Productive
v
\
Itvports lor the first term at the >lm\vvillr High School have been >»int
une during the pa.st week e mark'» taken by the up-beside the marks taken by the pupil
Xny pupil who finds
\

\
V
!
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales
Fhii n v
M’HI
\
u
!
rv
i
V
ns or her mark below th lmnld take heed while there is time, j .
hat the gnmdwork is laid for ; ( in the spring. Unless lmlwork is well laid the ye.ii
average
m so 1
I l' ll"W lie final driv that gro
an not be a success.
These are st re nous days in which we .\e and an education is something bat will help everyone some day Let each one in tin help the>o young people I •est of their opportunities.
o have 1
1
tfvU


.. CONTAINS .-
Bone Char, Di-sodium Phosphate, Sodium Cloride, Sulphur, Iron, Copper, Iodine and
Manganese
Just to Remind You
i vegetable material
< ork are built in the form of 14 cells their fun at tlm right time am , surrounding one cell. Each cell is
them to plan their lives t" find filled with air, and the thin walls 'imv t«>r the right things. .	: are cemented together with natural
Lie iia in vs uf the pup-ls m the d liter gum or res|n ^ cubic inch of cork ut grades Alphabetically arranged ac- j has about 300,000.000 such cells, urding to pvveents appear in another Compress cork, and the air in the uluaiiit W n congratul.itc those over j cells resist. Because of the air, o pei vent. \\e hope that many more cork js light. Because of the sealing ill Ik'in that class by the next report, between each cell, cork docs not
transfer heat, so is good for insulating and sound-proofing; because it is resilient, it minimizes vibration, hence it is useful in machinery.
In 20 years a cork tree has an outer bark an inch thick. It cannot be stripped again for nine years. The quality improves with each stripping, and the average tree is good for 14 strippings, nine years apart.
The cells of
e
It’s time to give your car a complete check-up and put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation during cooler days ahead.
Price
$3.50 per 100 lbs.
V. L Dovglxss, Principal
Don’t wait until trouble catches up with you. .get your car ready for winter now. Change Oil and Grease. Check Battery. Tune-up Motor. Put in
Anti freeze. Let us prepare your car for trouble-free winter driving now
Clarendon Council
at
Dec. :>th. 19311
Clarendon Council met on the above late. Present, Mayor Barr and ( uiincil-<irs Sinart, Grant, Hanna, W Helen and Maefarlane
Minutes of last meeting read and p proved on motion of Crs. Smart and
Councillor Judd entered and took Ids Modern Beach Footwear eat at the board*
A large number of mtepayers were resent to discuss the condition of the 1 roads and to recommend the appoint, spread to Miami beach and Malibu
The a fashion of footwear with lightweight soles three inches thick to keep the feet off the hot sands. A new vogue in the West, it is centuries old in Japan. The geta. as Japan's stilted clog is called, dates back to the Eghth century in literature. but first achieved widespread popularity in the Toku-tfmt Rawa period, which began in the Seventeenth century.
Nowadays it takes a big shop to contain anything like a fair selection
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REG’O-
Designed by Japanese
From the south of France has
T. !.. HOIX.INS
\
s
\
Here’s the
\
\
Phone 64-J.
îenta of various roadforemen. d lowing changes were effected : ohn Cunningham to Thomas Bean 'Jliott Hodgins to Garnet tfodgii ¦jH|ÉËj8pH||t<> Mosie Murphy >% >bvrt Nichol .« to Geo Robitaille
\
V
s
le

Value Leader
/i^i/j/,/i/’///iy
X. H'irnvr
to Tea son McVagg to Gerald Lang to James Connelly
Motion by 1rs Hanna-XVbob nose à changes * in the former list be •cognized —Carried.
Motion by Crs Whelen Km irt, that he roadwork from Edward XVhelena Pf the man-v kind* of *etk. The finest to the Town Line be transferred weather Rota, called koma-geta, is )in Tea son McCagg's list to Clifford carved from a single block of lulford’s list and wiiÇbe spent on the | vv?od- and for sole and heel has Awo >ad known as the Stony-Bat ter—’ lhlck- square supports called ha juried.	(“teeth ). Taka-geta (“high"
It was decided that J E. Palmer *eta) have thin wood insoles to
ould take charge of the Picanock Road Elake #svearer appear taller.
These are for bad weather. Then
\
I );instead
X in. 'I'llbin m
"b-xford Wilson

DALE’S TINSHOP
Looking For
You’ve Been
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L 3 sizes and 5 different Ik. colour schemes
Only
I
$49.95
IE
1
For This Brand New 1940 Model
ut as far as the Rock and that Win.	,
rubmin would have charge of it from ,, small girls are pokkuri (also
here out to the Town Line for winter ca. *d koppori). These, as is iin-,irpi)SV>	phed by the very sound of their
Motion by Os Mdcfarlane Judd, tlmt	”ames make	a sound like a trotting
layor Barr be authoiized to sign	ill	j horse as the	child	runs along the
>istress Warrants necessary for the, sidewalk.
dlection of taxes -Carried.	',a> tXk0 straps, wnich
The following bills were presented for ^sdiate from a peg between the big ,tnroval •	toe and its neighbor to tjvo points
.’optiac House............. » ti< 00 either side of the heel.
X in. Tubman, picking stone ..	8 2.1 s ^ ^ SOrl °* _sock vvorn by
Yin Olinstead, balance of work 142	71	the sandaled	races	of north Africa
• Vrey Elliott, road list ... Ill	00	and manufactured	in the United
States by health concerns—that is.
one that has a separate compartment for the big toe. These socks, called tabi, may be of cotton, wool, silk or other material, are ankle high only, and are worn by persons of either sex.

**•
f
%
1
.
Findlay Furnaces
Insures Your Heating Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices

-Westinghouse 5-Tube Battery Set

The* first production of these reasonable sets was immediately purchased for equipping Trading Hosts in the far North a mazing sensitivity on both standard and short wave bands, mainly due to the use of a three gang condenser and one stage of radio fret quenvy amplification outstanding feature is unique in such an inexpensive radio. The low purchase price and astonishing battery economy assures the puichaser continued satisfaction both in economy and performance. \
Cabinet : —American walnut with speaker band of matched striped Oriental walnut
i
present for the family *

EDO
This
tdi
This model was chosen iieenuse of its
g
“	“ cedars & gravel 22 63
Kd Tubman, work on bridge...	1 50
'	" cedars
DALE’S TINSHOP
10 00 2 50
1	50
2	00 2 00
42 25
is
This
W. 11. Huberts, man and team
Sam Harris, work..............
T. Palmer, “	......
J ames J mid,	“	........
Equity Printers...............
Clifford Fulford, extra work Vm Elliott, bal. of road work 20 Earl Elliott, legal
I
Shawville Quebec
•GL«ai&<SSSk'afai5i3fSi3f3ISia&»SB3«&iai5i
'1 r.1 i Roman Names Given
To Month: of Year
1 50
Motion by Crs Macfarlane Judd, that
•	hese bills be paid—Carried.
Motion by Crs Hanna-Macfarlane :.)idt this Council procure 1000 feet of
*	now fence and the necessary posts— Carried,
Motion by Macfarlane Smart, to ad j aim —Carried.
In ancient Rome, a r.ew month started on the day of the r.ew moon, r or the day after, so it is not surprising that we derive our wc^d “month" from the ancient forms of the word “moon
endar” is derived from ‘ calendar," meaning the first day of the Roman
hmmbhihhihh
names of the months in our calendar follow:
January, from Janus, a figure in Roman mythology who presided over all beginnings. He was represented as having two faces—one looking back to the year past, and the other, looking forward or. the
A real Christmas
ESTABLISHED 1833
INVALID
COACH
Our word cal
Wilmer H. Hodgins
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
John A. Dkan, Sec-T mi a
The derivations of the
!
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, ' Quebec
Bristol School Board
Phone. 20-18
Nov. 24. 1939
Shawville, Que.
Bristol School Commissioners held a special meeting on above date. Present .
Chairman Woods and Commissioners current year Graham, Stewart and Walsh.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of Comr. Ste-T art were adopted.
Messrs. E. M. Dean and J. Bergeron representing the Caustic Sanatation Limited, of Hull, Que., visited the Board and discussed the installation of aside toilets in our schools.
Phone 80
February is from the Latin Fet ruarius, meaning “to purify.** had its origin in the Roman fest vais of the Lupercalia.
March was named fer Mars, the god of war.
April is from the Latin aprilis, meaning “to open."
May	!
Motion by Comr, Walsh, that if a cal figure symbolizing growth.
J#0 per cent, grant can be secured from June is from Junius, a Roman the Department of Education that two gens or clan, of our schools be equipped jritb inside toilets during the coming year.
Motion by Comr. Graham, that this	—D—, .
Board postpone the building of a new tus Caesar.
6 district until a substan* | The remaining month
Winter Care of Mares
IB B	An important item in the cure of
Being Lots 11 and 12, on the 12ch brood mares during the winter is daily Range of the Township of Clarendon, exercise—enough to keep them healthy, 150 acres in all fairly well improved, but they should not bt driven in deep 70 acres in bush. For further particu- snow or made to haul heavy loads, lars apply to	When brood mares stay idle all winter,
their foals are ^usually 'weak amounts of feed depend on the size of the mare, her condition and the amount of work she is expected to do young brood many have not completed their growth, more liberal feeding is
desi ra blaBB^Bi
mixed bay togcthei with oats and bran will suffice, and a few roots a day will help keep the mare in good health.
At the Dominion Experimental Farm at Fredericton, N.B, the basic ration for brood mares is half a pound of grain, woman, will apply to the Parliament of mac|,. up of three parts of oats and one Canada, at the next session thereof, for p8r| nf bran, and one pound of mixed a Bill of Divorce from her husband, j bay for every hundred pounds of live JAMES VERNKY FINDLAY, of the weight Thus a 1,600 pound mire
Farm For Sale
it
Beattie’s Eye Service
The
( HAS. WORKMAN,
Char taris, Que
W he n
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eve Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should tee you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
July, named in honor of Julius Caesar, who was born in this month. August, named in honor of Autfus-
NOTICE
As a rule, a good grade of
Of Application For Divorce
is hereby given that
r
school in ¦¦¦ tial grant is forthcoming
were
named from the positions they held

LI giuin m Rfl VJSU'/III mg,	|	»«•*.	VU v; *aviu	NOTI^K IS bflltîbj glVPH th8l
On motion of Comr Stewart, the in the calendar before its revision EMILY FINDLAY, of the Town of
by Julius Caesar. The earliest timmins, in the District of Cochrane. Roman calendar had only 10 in the Province of Ontario, married j months:	Martius, Aprilis, Maius,
Junius, Quintilis, Sextilis, September, October, November and Decern-
'ber. While September is the ninth JAMES VERNKY FINDLAY, of the month in oer calendar, it was the Village of Shawville, in the Province of seventh in the Roman calendar and Quebec, retired farmer, on the ground derived its name from the Latin I of adultery.
septem, meaning “seven**; October, I Date<i at Timmins, Ontario, the ISth jthe eighth month, from octo, the day of November, À.D., 1939.
Latin	eight"; November, the
ninth month, from novem, meaning
rid December, the tenth
leeting adjourned
H. I. Smith,
See.-Treat
Scientist' Eye Examinoiiors
Poultry Wanted
would get eight pounds of grain and 16 pounds of hay daily. The maroi are m^PHHHHHHHHHHBratered three times Dated at Timmins, Ontario, the Iflth have salt within reach. As a precaution
against joint trouble in the foils, the mares are given a lca<pn"nful of potassium iodide in the drinking water o i the
month, is derived from decern, the ' Solicitor for Emily Findlay, Applicant, oing with the first of October.
Latin for	^
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
Shawville Egg and Poultry Association will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each
For further
week until 4 00 p m particulars apply to
CHARLES H. KERR,
Timmins, Ontario.
KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS
T.T.REATTIE,
PriftlllMlI OptMMtlMt
B. T STARK
nine
Manager
Phone, 0--7
t
###PAGE###5###
>;'¦


Service Announcement ! =
8 11 AU VII LK VNiTKl) < III H< II 11||
A \\ Fukl> 15. A., B.D. pAitor Sunday, December 10
11.00	am. — Communion Service at
Shaw ville	* • •
Brief meditation, “After the Preaching Mission,—What ?
1.3u p in - Service at Zion
3.00	p m.—Service at Stark * Corners
7.10 p.m — Service at Shaw ville
The 1'altor will preach at all these services.
i The Equity
Christmas 1939
PRINTING
I
II

pUW.IKHRn RYKItY THVnaDAY AT
SI! AW VILLE, QUEBEC
ANXUAL 8ÜBSCRIPTIOX
¦X
Only Eighteen More Shopping Days
Anywhere in Cntmrirv .. $1.50
2.00
To United States
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
All arrears must he paid in full More any paper Is discontinued
Do Your Christmas shopping now, as present selections are best, because our stocks are complete.
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Brimol United Cm iii h . Armstrong Salem, 1'. 1>
i
First Schools Developed
For Use of Privileged
It wouM probably surprise most children, and for that matter, many grownups, to hear that the word "school" is derived from the Greek word meaning leisure. School was once o privilege which only those who possessed spare time to spend could use. Eyen the rich were often too busy for school. Fighting was man’s work; sewing, weaving, spinning, cooking, bearing and res ring
children was woman's UIKÊÊftÊÊt
As life became more settled, cities sprang up. and men fought in armies instead of as individuals, some men began to have leisure to turn their mindartoward other things than keeping alive. They began to inquire first about the world they lived in, then about themselves, and to spend their leisure hours in groups, at what might seem a game of 20 questions.
The women were not included in these groups, for their work in the home continued. In time, however, slaves began to take over some of tne domestic duties and the women, too, had leisure to put into learning if they chose.
Today the idea of school as leisure has receded into the shadowy past. The privilege of learning has tfcen forgotten. It has become such an accepted thing, that, like most commonplaces it has grown tedious. Vet the child, when hr first asks questions, first begins to examine the world he lives «in, and then his cwn inner life, still has the attitude c f our remote ancestors He is still tiger and animated, and firyD work play.
If adults would remember ; id keep him in the some slot interested receptivity, encouraging 1 is inquiry, leading him on and on in the paths of knowledge, joining with him in the search for truth, instead of talking down to him and dulling his curiosity, school might once more connote pleasure Gather than pain.
Sunday, December 10
Sc. Andrews Sunday School lU.Ou a. ni St. Andrew», Service
Knox
Envelopes, Invoices
Letterheads
Billheads
Give her something she can use.
Modern Furniture Parlor, you will find many articles of furniture for the home. Cedar Chests, End Tables, Magazine Racks, Telephone Sets, Writing Desks, Radio Tables, etc.
In our
11 .00 a. m
9
Sunday School 2.00 p na Service
Service
3.00 p. m
A
7.30 p. ni
9
9

ANGLICAN
St. Pu l m
Sunday, December 10
10.00 a. m.—Sunday School 11.00 a.m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity 3.90 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Llkk'm
Service withdrawn
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
I
k
I


*
Silk Hosiery, Goloshes, Pyjamas,
Dressing Gowns, Bedspreads,
Bath Towell Sets, Fancy Boxed Handkerchiefs, Slippers, etc.

Parish or North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, December 10 North Onslow, Morning Prayer 10.30
2.30
Evening Prayer 7.00
X
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
*
Thorne Centre. Evening Prayer Chart- ris,
I
Christmas Photos Gift There’s no gift quite »o personal and friendly as your photograph, because its you. Two extra photos with each dozen
The Perfect
In Memoriams
formation on the value of various types of ploughs have Even cx-ÏKf.FHiîi* In loving memory of a dear panded to include tests of the husband and father, Ernest Telford, *eolT set' ty|>e of disc. This impie-who passed away Dec. 5th, 193n.	ment is essentially a double one-
Quickly and quietly came the call	way dise, l'lie results of these exit is sudden death surprised us all.	périment» to date indicate that
To a beautiful life came a sudden end,	there D little difference in the
Hr died as he lived everyone’s friend, draft of mouldboard and dise
Now oft and oft our thoughts do won- plows under ordinary conditions.
Under dry and hard conditions,
the di<c plow ha* required slightly less draft. The draft of the oneway disc has been found to be considerably less than the ordinary plow, as in the case with the "offset” disc. Present indications# are that the yields of crop following the moifldboard plow on sod land are slightly superior to those fol-
The one >ati?fac s yet, no data are available for the "off set” disc, but it would appear considerably more effective on
Experiments commenced by the *od lend than the one way disc, Dominion Field Husbandry Divi and bes been operated very satw-sion nt the Central Experimental fattorUy in the cultivation of Farm, Ottawa, in 11*34 to secure in stubble land
Ain tm i iixi uirnifTiii u nrainttiiiii jl ran
Fancy China Department
H. Im icon’s Photo Sti uj<
A wonderful selection of Fancy China has been added to our stock for this Christmas
This selection comprises many
Colour nnil creed do not enter into the work of the lied Cross Society.
der
Trade.
articles that are very appropriate for Christmas Gifts.
To a grave not far away,
Where we laid our dear daddy,
Just one year ago to day.
Our lips cannot tell how we miss him < >ur heads cannot tell what to say, God alone knows how we miss him,
In a home that is lonesome today. Remembrance keep him ever near. Sadly missed by his loving
Wife and Children Edytii and Clayton
In Memoriam
h
Dean—In loving memory of h dear grandmother, Mrs. Thomas Dean, who departed this life Dec. fitIi, 1922. Sheltered by the Rock of Ages Anchored on the Goldon Shore,
In the loving arms of Jesus,
She shall rest forever more.
Ever remembered by
Mrs. Roy McMillan, LoftCNA Pkakl Morrison.
!
mimrrrmnirmiimMmmrmmmmi
Men's Fine Line'll Hamlker-
English Flannelette Scarves,
lowing the disc plow, ‘way disc has not proven tory foi sod land!. A
a 4*
chiefs,
Pyjamas,
Hose, New Silk Neckwear, Shirts, Windbr makers, Fancy Boxed Braces, Shaving Sets in Gift Boxes, Cigars, Fancy
Boxed Handkerchiefs. Belts,

0
îd
Wool
>ie

The “ Off set Disc
L
t
/
Hog* Fop Service
m
First Prince of Wales
Named 600 Years Ago
Registered Yorkshire hog. Service fee $100. Apply to,
7
CLIVE SMART,
Since the title prince of Wales was created by Edward I, in the year 1301, for his eldest son, there have been 20 princes of Wales, including the men who afterward became Edward VII, George V and Edward VIII. The late George V became prince of Wales when his father succeeded -to the throne in 1901. The title may be bestowed on the eldest surviving son of the monarch, or on his grandson if he is the nearest heir. It is not inherited but is extinguished when the holder of the title becomes king or if he dies before the ruler.
Wales was ruled by Welsh princes from the Tenth to the Thirteenth
The last of these was
I'hone 19 1
Reg. Yorkshire Hog for sen ice.
* I 00. Apply to THUS. BEATTIE,
Weirstead, Que.
R. R 2, SH* w ville, Que
A special selection in Cedar Chests.
MacLean’s
Fee
RED & WHITE STORE
Registered Yorkshire hog. 'Service Me, 81.00 ; Club members free. Apply

Grocery Specials
n
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I •
11. J. TRACY,
. Y arm, Que
. 25c
Gold Medal Coffee; 1-2 pound 4ms...
Blue liibbon Coffee, 1 lb glass jars ..
Pitted Dates, Z lbs. for ............
Old Hickory Smoke SaltK10 lb. tins Robin Hood Wafer Flakes, per package 15c
Registered Tsoi worth hog, bacon :.ype. Service fee $1.00. Also lor sale % number of young Tam worth pips, both sex, purebredd, $7 00 each, or $8.00 registered. A nply to
II. .1. WOODS. ¦
Chart or if, Que
Christmas Cake Specials
All Fresh Stock
49c
29c m
51.10
century
Llewelyn, who was compelled to submit to Edward I in 1277. Or» Llewelyn's death in 1282 the title ceased but Edward revived it for his eldest surviving son and heir, later Edward II legend, King Edward I in conquering Wales promised the people that if they ceased resistance he would give them a native-born prince who could not speak a word of English. Two years -after Llewelyn s death, this son. of Edward I was born in Carnarvon in Wales|HHHHHp|fl until 1301, however, that the title was bestowed on him and by that time he could certainly speak English.
. , 25c
3 lbs
Icing Sugar,
Figs. 2 lbs..
Seedless Raisins, per pound Seeded Raisins, per package Sulphur Bleached Raisins, per pound 18c Canuied Pineapple, per pound Walnuts, choice quality halves, per pound 45c Almonds, per pound
25c
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, from prize-winning gtock. Service fee, fl.GO, v Apply to
14c
18c
WlLMRR II. HolHilNS,
According to
R. R No. 1, Shaw ville
New Reg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog
Fee $1.00. Apply to
M ANSON MrCAGG
R. 2, Shaw ville, Que.
55c
>r service
I
60c
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
It was not
Ml*
16c
Currants, per package.............
Pineapple Slices, red or green, each G laced Cherries, red or green, 3 oz. pkg. 10c
Bulk Candied Cherries, per pound......
Saxonia Red Cherries, & pound tin.....
Ready Cut Mixed Peal, { pound tin Orange, Lemon or Citron Peal, per lb. 30c Wintergreen Berries, per pound Silver Beads, per tube
Molasses, per tin....
Molasses, fancy quality, per pound..
Alspice, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg 1-1 lb Cow-Brand Soda, one pound package...
Flavoring-—Almond, Vanilla, Orange,
Lemon, Cochi niai, Pineapple, Maple 10c
Rose Water, per bottle
Food Coloring, assorted colors, per
Mincemeat, two pounds............
Eatraore Crnberrÿs, per pound....
Purebred Yorkshire Ih'g, select type
Service fee. $1.00. Apply to
W. 8. KNOX. McKee, Que.'.
Sc
45c
Money to Burn	|	... Louisiana Purchase
Bills charred almost beyond rec- "r;en Xapo.eon Bonaparte, in ogniticn, and bills soaked by wa- 1603. then first consul with one foot until they resemble chunks of on the imperial ladder, turned sales-mud, are included in the approxi- man and Knocked down a distant mately $3,000,000 worth of currency empire known as the Louisiana Pur-whlch each year is sent to the chase for three cents an acre, be United States treasury in Washing probably d d not dream that the ton for redemption. Most of the country that purchased the vast do-mutilated money comes to Washing- main would in a few years become ton in the fall of the year; trees- I a haven of exile for members of his ury experts have decided that this family after his grand debacle at is because people hide bills among Waterloo. Or did he? It is histori-waste papers in stoves unusued dur- cally significant that it was suggesting the summer, and forget the mon- ed in the treaty by Napoleon him-ey is there when they light the stove self that the territory thus ceded when the first cool evening comes should become the background of alonn	I future American states, says the
Kansas City Times. Then, after the fateful sun of Waterloo went down in the last tragedy of his military
Golds..
25c
Roy 6. Fraser
ter
15c
Break up that cold before it gets you down by
remedies.
Novelties
Flowers, Gifts,
30c
RENFREW, ONT.
Box BBS
using our
We have 5 good supply of Cough Syrup, Cough Drops, Aspirin, Acetophen, etc.
10c
Phone 160
/•
10c
N
6c
mm
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect $5.00 or over phene us collect and weshall prepay.
10c
9c
On
i
Quinnine,
On orders of
London Hal Fire
During western Europe’s severest and imperial career, it is known that drouth and heat wave in three he dallied with the thought of escap years, a bystander in Hyde Park ing to America with his brother, Jos-London, saw a whiff of smoke rise eph, king of Spain, but the fates from Phyllis Proctor’s straw hat. He ruled otherwise. His hesitation took snatched, it off the startled wcare»	him to the rock of St. Helena. But
iust as it burst into flame A glas-	I his canny brother did seek safety
jmament on the hot. reflecting tht	in American exile and lived here
HJn’s rays like a burning glass	many years, preceded and followed
cas credited with starting the L»b:;	1 by others of the Bonaparte family.
20c
m

»«• #
THE CORNER STORE
tile 10c
25c
Estate Mrs. M C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
20c
Pk«H .njrtim. betwees 7 • ¦ ~	and II p.am.
• HAWVILLE
###PAGE###6###







r>-
' -¦ ... ,1


* A

m


*Tcu ##%" Derek wee soles on,
Mend Damaged Home Articles
Quality Gives Flavour
they want the portrait done be-
fore the first of May. That* why they want us to fly west wtth them this afternon.”
Ue. . . . Why, then—why hadn't Derek said so at first? In that terribly hurried curt note he had written, "They want me to go with them."


n

jamowj
( for il)
iimiims
11 AVIV IE
V
The Handy Woman Armed With Glue, Plaster and Patience Takes Care of Her Household “Invalids” *
r



A
“But," Constance gasped between joy and exasperation, "why didn't you explain that when you wrote ? I'm not—"
She was going to say, "I'm not nearly packed"; but ahe broke off to plan happily. I can Just make It if I get the housemaid to help me. Let's see—I can wear that pin-striped suit on the plane, and my gray fox fur. . . I'm glad l got the red hat and bag.
But Derek was going ou. carried along by his own feverish preoccupation:
"There'll be four of us in the party. You see Miss Thorvald had a rather had fall from a horse last week. The family physician, who happens to be east on a vacation, is Insisting that they take a nurse with them In case she's not so fully recovered as she thinks she Is."
No Time To Explain
After a moment Constance said. "1 see. Of course."
"Think of the advertising this will give me. darling," Derek ran on. "California is rolling In money. And in California a commission from Baron Grapefruit is equal to a royal command."
"It must be." murmured Constance, "if it's more important than — does this
age know that you were planning to start on your honeymoon tomorrow?"
Derek stirred uneasily.
"That's what I was around to," he said, a strange flatness In his voice. "As a matter of fact, 1 haven’t had a minute to explain the suituatlon. There's been no talk of anything, hut Miss Thor-vald’s portrait. But they’re coming around here this morning for a few minutes. I thought we could — well, bring the matter up indirectly, and I have an idea they may suggest your coming on a little later."
How many invalids have you at home? Probably dosensl Treasures damaged in accidents. That favorite vase in ragments. The chair with the broken leg.
Don't mourn their sad state. Juat mend them!
Vic Client
'
Ht tu
as
i
>k W
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
Cil
Chins, Furniture
Broken China — Clean all the pieces thoroughly. Be sure to get a good glue or cement. Carefully dry the broken pieces and select two that fit together. Apply a fine coating of glue to the edge of each, leave the glue to become nearly dry, and then press them firmly together. Let that first joint set completely before sticking the next In its place, and add piece by piece leaving ear; to set before doing the next.
Over this spread
into it firmly.
the second mixture (egg-white). Bake in slow oven 1276*) for 60 minutes. Cut in fingers or squares while still warm.
T
T

BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
A
Copyright, IÇ3B, NEA Sorvice, Inc
A
L
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—heroine; the stand-in.
DEREK M ANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.
Young Man In A Hurry
As Constance went up the front steps of tlie building where Derek had his studio, the door opened abrupt!*, and a man came out, colliding with her ami completely up-, setting her balance. He caught her expertly, set her upright again, and said, "Sorry. What a clumsy ape 1 am!"
"It's all right," Constance murmured, smiling because he looked so absurdly big and startled and concerned.
He was a youngish man, with sandy hair tcftiched with copper, singularly live and inquisitive brown eyes in a blunt, not unpleasant face, and an air of being habitually in a hurry. Hut he was not hurrying now. He continued to stand in her path, looking down at her a little strangely.
"You wouldn't be a materialization, would you?" he asked. Then, as Constance looked faintly alarmed, he hurried ou, smiling wryly as if realizing how absurd he must look and not enjoying tho picture, "But of course not. Phantoms don't just straighten their hats and murmur polite things when you knock them around; they shriek and clank chains, don't they?"
He held the door open and Constance went in.
B
VOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
Have you fussy eateis m yuui family7 Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stomp ed, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper,' and she will endeavour to tolv* vour nrohlema.



K
L

S
E
k. . : J
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Clean the wood thoroughly and warm It before applying the glue. Apply the glue thinly, aud don’t let It get too dry. While It la still tacky bring the brokew pieces firmly together and bind them tightly with string, leaving them bound for a whole day. Needlesa to say, be sure exactly how they 1ft together before you stick them together!
With glue, plaster and patience, it is surprising how many treasures you can mend.
Broken Furniture —
THE SMALL CAKE IS TRUMPS
The things I shook' like to write ifcout for this approaching holiday season are legion. My column has not sufficient space to discuss with you suggestions for all your holiday cooking. However, the small cake has become a staple article in almost any stock of goodies and has become a social leader in this modern world with its lovely hospitality. This sweet little morsel can always appear with grace before the unexpected visitor. It is splendid with fruit, custard or fr >zen desserts, and will also fill the bill very well for an evening lunch preceded by the in-esitable sandwich.
I am giving you my four favorites to help fill your cookie jar or tin hidden box to be ready for the jolly times before and after the arrival of Santa Claus.
Yesterday:	Ready to marry
Derek Manthon, Constance is stunned when she receives a surprise note from him on the eve of their wedding.
Send, Don't T ake Child To Dentist
CHAPTER II
For a long time Constance stood, staring out over the wintery park with its frozen little lake. But she was not looking at the lake. Before her eyes danced fragments of phrases — ineomprebensi de, believable phrases from Derek's now.
"Darling," Derek had begun. 1 hope you will understand."
Presently she stirred and looked vaguely down at the blue silk lounging pajamas she still wore— for she had barely finished her morning coffee when the note was delivered.
this royal person-
Solo Visits Work Out Much Better, Dentists Declare
The parent who takes his child to the dentist's office with the assurance "This dentist won't hurt you one little bit," is probably doing more to harm the dentist's approach to the child than the parent realizes.
Local dentists, said the StraU ford Beacon-Herald agreed that parents would be well advised te let their children make solo visits to the dental^ office when those visits are necessary. The general feeling is that it's a lot easier te approach a child when he or she is alone than if there is a sympathizing parent in the â background to listen to any outcry. The outcry probably would never come if the parent was not there to hear it. .
getting
School Girl Favourite
FOR WINTER ACTIVITIES
pn-
3000
SIZES 12 N
"maznU
/


#•
<(
P
She supposed she must change her clothes if she were to go out.
"Won't you come down to the studio as soon as itossible.** Derek had written. "1 can't get away; and we must talk things over."
Tqlk things over. . . . Talk! You couldn't talk away suffering like
He glanced hastily at his watch, and sprang to his feet.
"They may be here any minute now . . . Connie, dear, you wouldn't mind finishing my trunk like a darling. while 1 nail up these boxes, would you? I’ve only got a few hours."
Constance rose and began mechanically to fold shirts and pajamas. There were six suits of silk pajamas, beautifully monogrammed. Constance had given them to Derek for Christmas. Derek liked the feel of silk against his skin.
The Sumptuous Daughter "Listen, Connie," Derek rushed on, sparing her a whimsical grimace from the box of points that he was sorting, "you'll love this: what the Baron wants is something that will be1» kind of glorified advertisement of the California fruit . Heaps of luscious fruits— white and purple grapes, persimmons. nectarines, oranges — with the sumptuous daughter In the very midst as a kind of presiding deity
I’m hoping he'll listen to reason— although she’d fit into it, at that."
Constance said with a delicate malice for which she hated herself, "I gather that Miss Thorvald is not too bad to look at . . . No harelip, then, after all?"
"Hildegarde Thorvald Is — " Derek broke off to finish impatiently. ' "What in thunder are we talkinng about Hildegarde Thorvald for? It is us I’m Interested in.
"Oh, darling — "
A knock sounded 'sharply on tbs door of the studio.
(To Be Continued I
i
Ci
"We Must Plan"
Derek was on Ills knees when she entered the studio, whistling as he transferred clothing from a chest of drawers to a trunk.
As Constance closed the door and stood for a moment with her back against it. to steady herself for what was to come, he broke off in his whistling, sprang lightly up and came over to take her into his arms, making of it all one swift, beautiful movement.
"You’re a darling to come so soon. Connie," he sa it I almost gaily. "Isn’t this the devil—after all out-planning? 1 know what you must be feeling." he added swiftly as he bent to help her with her coat. "But can’t you imagine how 1 feel, too?" . . . And yet, Constance thought, you were whistling. . . . "But come over to the fire,” Derek went on. "There’s so little time to talk, and we must plan."
Constance said with a quietness she had to clench her hands to achieve, What is there to plan? It’s all settled, isn’t It?"
\
FRUIT MACAROONS
2 egg whites % teaspoon salt ,
2/8 cup fruit sugar ,
% teaspoon almond extract 1 cup shredded coconut (very fine)
H cup chopped filberts
*4 cup candied cherries (chop-
\
this
Alone, Or With Friend
If a child realizes that he or she dims to go to the dentist alone, then that child will buck up and face the music without a bit of fuss.
V.
"Talk Things Over"
It was sleeting. She must wear something serviceable. She put on an old tweed suit and crammed a s<Jt yelt hat down "over the dusky wave-s of her hair.
When she had clasped the fasten ings of her overshoes, she stood for a moment before the mirror in
1
Z

ped)
0
V4 eup chopped dates chopped fine
Beat whites of eggs very stiff but not dry; add salt. Beat the sugar in very slowly, beating after each addition until very stiff. Add flavouring coconut, nuts and fruits. Drop with a teaspoon on n floured pan preferably dusted with cornstarch. Bake in slow oven (300*F.) until a light brown.
If a friend accompanies the child instead of the parent the patient is a lot easier to handle. Dr. H. W. Baker said. “I find in one hundred per cent of the cases that if the child comes alone, or with a playmate, there is less likely to be a scene than if the parent comes along," he added.
' 4 V
\1
s
i
her bathroom door, looking at herself with a kind of compassionate curiosity—wondering how a girl would look to whom a thing like this could happen.
What she saw was a slight, almost boyish figure—too thin, she had always thought; but Derek had laughed at that.
“You don't need curves, darling, ' he said. “You have such a beautiful skeleton."
The girl in the mirror had a smoothly oval face with skin soft as petunia petals framed in blue-black hair. Derek had once said that the planes of her face were fluid, so sensitive was it to the most delicate shades of emotion.
. . . Perhaps the most notable things about her were her month, * which was at once humorous and tender, and her eyes—sometimes blue, sometimes stormy gray—with their look of expecting too much of life.
belt
Auburn, Ont., farmers sighed for days gone by when George Rutledge, celebrating his 96th birthday told of the price he once got for wheat-—$2.12 a bushel.
i
BUTTERSCOTCH DREAMS
1/3 cup butter
1 cup brown sugar
1 egg
% cup flour
M teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking powder
U cup rolled pecans (or walnuts)
1 teaspoon vanilla x Melt butter. Mix in the brown sugar, ccol to about lukewarm.
Add egg, slightly beaten; mix thoroughly. Sift the required amount of flour, salt and baking , powder; sift three times. Com- | J bine the mixtures well. Add nuts and vanilla. Grease pan (10x10) and bake in moderate oven (360°) about 15 minutes until browned nicely and drawing slightly away from side of pan. Cut in squares while still warm.
Bacchanalian, what? . . #.
5U 2396

Our Future At Stake
But she did sit down in the armchair he drew up for her before the fireplace. The wood fire needed replenishing; but for the moment neither of them noticed that.
‘Settled? Why. Connie, you sound—after all, It's our future that's at stake. . . . Darling, 1 counted oil you to understand!"
“I am trying to understand, Derek. But it's all rather sudden, Isn't it?"
“Listen, darling!" Derek dropped to the stool at her feet, and taking one of her hands, rested his cheek against it.. lean and warm and hard. “You're marrying an artist. In my work it's either a feast or a famine
mine—on your account 1 mean, of course. What I want for you is pearls and sables."
“But Derek, I don't care about that, really," Constance said. Then looking down at his bright, eager face, she thought, 1 am behaving badly. After all, it is for me Derrk is planning.
* By Louise Lennox
Every school girl loves this coat. It is as much a part of her wardrobe this season as her sweaters and skirts. You can make'this coat for your daughter, or she can make it for herself, at a great saving. A heavy fleecy, gay plaid woollen lined with a solid colour can not be beaten for chic and snug warmth. The hood keeps curls dry and ears warm. The mittens made to match either the coat or the lining, add the finishing touch. A warm tweed skirt and a woolly sweater complete the perfect school and sports costume all girls want.
Style No. 3000 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years. Size 16 requires 2% yards of 54 inch material with 2% yards of 39 inch lining, for short hooded version.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 W. Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to stfcte size | you wish.
SPEED UP SAFE
COLD RELIEF
r-T
Get this safest Fast Relief. Avoid long hours of painful discomfort
Penguin’s Parade
ROVflL CONNAUGHT

Follow Directions in Pictures
HAMILTON. ONT
A penguin is a funny bird.
He cannot sing at ail. I've heard. Although he has a great big bill, He does not warble, chirp, or trill. His wings will never carry him Above the ground, but he can swim
And use a wing, much like an oar, To paddle him from shore to shore. When penguin» walk, they always
waddle.
They look like midget men who
toddle
Across a stage, all neatly dressed In evening suit and formal vest. Why should they wear their party clothes
In lands of storm and ice and snows?
V
SHORT BREAD
GENERAL BROCH
'(
m
. I couldn’t stand fa-
ftt end	uke 2
a.b,M
1	cup butter
** cup fruit sugar
2	cups flour
Cream butter until very light. Gradually blend in the sugar. Beat until veiy light and fluffy. Measure flour and sift three times. Turn mixture on a lightly floured % board mixing in the flour ( kneading) until the mixture cracks. Place in a pan (ungreasedj. Cut according to your preference, either in squares or with fancy cookie cutters, decorating the top with nuts or cherries. Red and green cherries help your color scheme for Chrjstmas.
NLAGRR A FALL S -.-ONT
PRINCE EDUJflRO
water. Repeat treatment in 2 hours.
tt
/-*
/
wlN0S0R.DAT

x


cTioNi'i
3iPf c

\
• >

<
X
2
MAKE BETTER BREAi, WITH ROYAL
cold, dissolve 9 Aspirin Tablets in glass of wstcr and *le Ham. n
fever and temperature does not go down — if throat pain is not quickly relieved, call your doctor.
you have a
ear
Rowena Bennett
&
Quick - Acting “Aspirin" “tike hold" Is Minutes. Don’t accept anything ike
$
DREAM FINGERS
% cup butter 4 cup sugar (wnite)
2 egg yolks 1 % cups flour 2 egg whites % teaspoon salt 2 cups brown sugar	« j
1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup chopped pecans.
Cream butter thoroughly. Blend in sugar well. Beat egg yolks well and add to butter and sugar M mixture. Sift measured flour twice !“ VS	j and fold into mixture. For the
second mixture beat egg whites stiff but not dry. adding the salt. Î Beat in the brown sugar gradually and beat well. Add vanilla and
low pan and press first mixture
One Bite From Pie Too Much For Thief


1

k A
I
m

4 1'
.V
directions in the pictures above—the safe way millions use to relieve colds amazingly fast. It en
FINER
FLAVORED
LIGHTER
TEXTURED
MORE
DIGESTIBLE
v
Police of Brantford, Ont., last week were seeking a burglar who f refers cigarettes to pie. E. Bayley, of that city reported one morning that his home had been entered some time after midnight, the burglar cutting away the glass from a basement window and un- | fastening the catch.
A purse was stolen from the dining room. In the purse were SÎ1 in cash, a compact, a driver’s licetire, and some receipts A pie f wag removed from the réfrigéra- j tor, but only one bite was r;min*
disappcai ed.
tirely avc tig drugs.


'
r »
m
So quickly does Aspirin act — be ternally and as a gurgle, you’ll feel
/
Try this way. Doctors recommend

ÜJ kind to
your MM WiUl

the heart.
no bfUl.eot. ft«adr
©
HSfc-lUeUe U
OoU
WARNING I

,lw,y
i Mya#
w.d, variety aI
$
f ' DOES NOT HARM THE HEART
fMS COLEMRW LAMP g STOV»
co. iT o otpr. uv -v

1‘ASPIRIN

ÎUKUNTO. OM1


ISSUE NO. 48—'39

and flour a shal-


B
I

###PAGE###7###

The trade commissioner at Hoaf
Kong reported he has received a
great many Inquiries for Canadies
sources of supply of products formerly Imported Into Hong Koag from Germany, Products concerned are chemicals, hardware, minerals, newsprint and glass.
facturera to export to Australie the commodities formerly drawn frees Europe and United Kingdom sours-
Ontario's Prize Pupil Won Many Scholarship*
Mole Is Rarely /
If Ever Cancer
Sunday
School
Lesson
es."
Taken Away From Europe
The uncertainty of obtaining the supplies from United Kingdom and European producers la an important factor, the report said.
A market already Is established In Australia for a wide range of products such as textiles, metals, machinery, earthenware,
Jewelry, toys and chemicals.
I
Birthmarks Too, Am Relative» ly Harmless Provided They Are Not Subjected to Prolonged Irritation

%

It is estimated that Canada's production of sugar from the 1981 sugar beet crop will amount to approximately 80,000,000 pounds.
That unsightly mole on Milady's neck Is absolved as a cause of a cancer.
Dr. Eugene Traub, of New York, told the American Academy of Dermatology and 8y philology last week that such blemishes "rarely, If ever" terminate In cancer of the skin.
"All blood vessel birthmarks which are red to purple in color are only cosmetic deformities," he said. "The pigmented dark brown, warty and hairy birthmarks sre also relatively innocent.
"Only If subjected in some fashion to prolonged Irritation are they apt to grow wildly."
Beware Innocent-Looking Growths
But skin growths that appear most Innocent often are apt to cause the most trouble, Dr. Taub warned.
"The smooth, dark brown or the dark blue marks, devoid of hair, are the ones that are most dangerous," he explained, ‘‘it Is from this type that melanoma (eerloue skin cancer) often develops,"
Dr. Traub said the type of the birthmark determines whether It can be removed safely. He counselled:
“Many of these blemishes may be readily and safely removed and without leaving a scar. "Some of them however, are really dangerous and should be left alone or dee-troyed In a 'radical1 manner (such me surgery)."

S
paper,
LESSON X
SPREADING THE GOOD NEWS
Malt. 10
Printed Text, Matt. 10:24-39
Golden Text.—Ho that heareth, let him say, Come. Rev. 22:17,
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The winter of A.D. 28-
m


j This Curious World |


/


I





gr*


P
29

Place.—In Galilee, although we do not know evactly where.
Christ gives instructions to the Twelve Disciples, telling each of them v here they are to labor, then what particular work they are to do. The Twelve were to go, not to the Gentiles, nor even to the Samaritans, but to "the lost sheep of the house of Israel/' They were to transmit a message that the kingdom of heaven was at hand, that the King of the kingdom was there in their midst. Christ pictures for the disciples a life of poverty and incessant labor. He prepares them for the sufferings that would come upon them as they continued to preach the gospel throughout the land of Palestine.
I

<$s
w






la»

Z
LARVAE OF "77ISVRS* AAOTMS
ARE KNOWN AS
VtOOUy'BâAÆS*



. y/

«
/;
t# %


«
08



I



h
Marion Jenkins, who entered the University of Toronto this year, Is Ontario's prise pupil by virtue of the fact that she won six scholarships during last June's examinations, two of which she was not allowed to hold. Scholastics is not the only thing that Marion excels in, she takes an active part in household duties as well as social events and sports In her home-town, Toronto.
THIS HUGE
ELAGMOSfiURUS,
SWAM THROUGH THE
Matt. 10:24. A disciple is not above his teacher, nor a servant above his lord. 25. It is enough for the disciple that he be as his teacherr and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelxebub, how much more them of his household! Our Lord reminds the disciples that in suffering persecution they are suffering no more than their Master suffered.
26. Fear them not therefore : for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed ; and hid, that shall not be known. 27. What I tell you In the darkness, speak ye in the light; and what ye hear in the ear, proclaim upon the housetops. In spite of all opposition, the truth will come out, the facts concerning Jesus Christ will somehow reach the ears of the people. 28. And be not afraid of them that kill the body, but are net able to kill the soul: but rather fear him who is able to destroy both soul and body in heUjUg WÊÊ might tempt a man to deny Christ, and thereby escape physical punishment and death; but after death comet: the judgment. Christ here urges to be afraid of no man, no matter what power a man might use in crushing out their lives; but they should ever stand in fear of God who determines their eternal destinies.
Shand Dam Work Moving On Well
Big Slaughter
Wild Animals
Ip
KANSAS
SOME
millions of
5,000 Specimens Buffalo, Elk, Deer, Moose Are Being Cut Up For Meat In Wain wright Park, Aka.
CIRCUS
LIONS!
. ARE GIVEN
jM/LKSHAKM*
TO KEEP THEME4

Grand River
Commission Hears That There is no Chance of This Year’s Construction Being Endangered by Winter And Spring Flood Conditions
Canada Getting
New Markets
• #
%
A big killing In the fullest acceptance of the term Is going on at the big Buffalo Park in Wain wright Alta. Between now and the New Year, if the marksmen are accurate and speedy in skinning and cutting up 6,000 animals elk, deer, moose and the odd yak will be reduced to meat.
Destitute Indians In the district and farther away will be faring well and living high this winter from the slaughter now under way. Part of the meat from the 6.000 animal population will be marketed commercially. The Indians will get most of the rest clothing and the meat for food.
Various factors, apart from the park being required otherwise,, contribute to the clearing, population is too large. The park is over-grazed and the grazing Is none too good. The elks eat the best of it, leaving less for the buffalo. The- natural increase being heavy and all the parks being full, It became necessary to resort to slaughter.
marksmen who also know how to butcher.
Employment of Indians to do their own butchering was not a success for the reason that In a great many Instances they did not know how and those who did. lacked sufficient energy for the enterprise.
»
Australia and South China Are Offering Outlets For Goods
COATS
GLOSSY.
I
Work on the 8hand Dam has • now proceeded to such an extent there Is no chance of this year's construction being endangered by winter conditions or by spring floods, Chief Engineer H. G. Acres told the Grand River Conservation Commission in session at Galt recently.
Dr. Acres reported that wet weather had resulted In some of the concrete work being behind schedule but It had reached a point beyond flood danger and could be completed next spring without holding up next year's program.
1M7SVICA
The war Is tending to open up new markets for Canada to Australia and SoutlyChlna, according to the current Issue of [he Commercial Intelligence Journal, published by the trade and commerce department, Ottawa.
A report from the department's trade commissioners in Australia said: "The outbreak of hostilities In Europe and the consequent disturbance of markets and normal trade channels has resulted in an Increasing number of inquiries as to the ability of Canadian manu-
buffalo.


• •
THE Elaamosauruf, giant reptik of the Cretaceous period; had a body similar to # porpoise, and an astonishing snake-like neck. It had n length of 40 feet, and inhabited the area now known no which, at that flee, was a vast sea, as deposits now mF
este,
NOTED MUSICIAN
Persecution
the hides for
••••
, HORIZONTAL 1,6 Famous violinist pictured here.
, 13 Crescent» shaped.
15	All but.
16	Lairs.
17	Amphitheater center.
19 Voluble.
21	Fish.
22	Vehement.
24	To sin.
25	Queried.
27 Because."
30 To snuffle.
33	God of war.
34	And.
36	Test
37	Feline animal.
38	To dibble.
40	The earth goddess.
41	Plural pronoun.
42	Watch pocket
44	Musical note. VERTICAL 12 Bustle.
45	Scratched the 2 Ran away. 14 Japanese fish.
16 The violin is 59 To depart.
FTITIEHI instrument to luQlNO master. lIaJdIsI 18 Exultant ¦ppm 20 He is
nfcrWjQ) performer.
AjHlgl 23 Wigwam.
0AME1 26 Filth.
DfYHISI 28 English coins.
aPr
43 Commenced.
45	Iniquities.
46	Mohammedan judge.
The

y
NOTES
RADIO

iyi
29. Arc not two sparrows sold for a penny? and not one of them shall fall on the ground without your Father: 30. but the very hairs of your head are all numbered. 31. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows. The third reason why the disciples should not fear is because of God’s providential care for them. There is no promise here that aH men should expect to be delivered from persecution, but there is a more precious promise, that men will never be abandoned in the hour of persecution and suffering.
82. Everyone therefore who shall confess me before men, him will I alec confess before my Fa-the ' who is in heaven. 38. But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will 1 also deny before my Father who is in heaven. Confession is necessary but only such confession as proceeds from true faith in the heart. The inward confession and allegiance of the hea%t, the firm, consistent, lifelong aiding with Jesus, the merging of our own interests and those of his kingdom, these are things that arc of greatest importance. To con fees Christ is nothing less than to connect one’s self indissolubly with Christ and stand for him in Jife and death.
84. Think not that I came to send peace on the earth: 1 came not to send peace, but a sword. .86. For I came to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, jsnd the daughter-in-law against hei mother-in-law : 86. and a man’s foes shall be they of his own household. The disciplej had to choose between Christ and the relatives or'housemates who were against him. The sword is perhaps only symbolical of conflict.

NEWS
AND
This .requires expert

By MADGE ARCHER
SPECIAL EVENTS
The first few days of December will bring a number of outstanding prograins to the Canadian and the American networks that will oe milestones not only to their respective networks but to millions of radio listeners.
The Special Events' Department of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation will illustrate to listeners of the CBC national network details behind the all-important work now being handled quietly and efficiently by the Royal Canadian Navy along the Pacific and Atlantic coasts, In an actuality broadcast which will be heard on Friday, December 1st, from 10:00 to 11:00 p.m. Ship to ship transmitters will give listeners a picture of the Navy at work In war time. Football, Music, Hockey On Saturday afternoon, Decern her 2nd, three Important events will be broadcast, proximately at 2 o’clock the NBC —Red network will carry the Football Game of the Year — Army vs. Navy, and CBL, CBY and CBO will carry the game for the Canadian Football Championship.
The opening of the ninth consecutive Metropolitan Opera season of the air Is also scheduled tor Saturday afternoon, December 2nd. Saturday evening beginning as usual at 10 o'clock and heard over CBY Arturo Toscanini will conclude the six-week all-Beethoven with the NBC Cymphony orchestra, with the performance in Carnegie Hall of the Beethoven Ninth Sym-
phony, and a seldom heard work, Beethoven's Choral Fantasy In C Major tor Plano, Chorus and Orchestra. This will be Toscanini's last appearance with the NBC Syraph-* ony until next Spring.
A play by play description of the hockey game between the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Chicago Black Hawks will also be heard on Saturday evening beginning at 9 o’clock over CBL.
On Tuesday, December 5th, from 10:00 to 11:00 over CBL and CBY Sir Ernest MacMillan will conduct the Beethoven Ninth Symphony with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the Toronto Conservatory Choir of 175 ' olces and soloists.
TO BE HEARD
12:30 p.m. Monday to Friday, at CBL, Ontario Farm Broadcasts and market and weather reports .... Sunday, Dec. 3, CFRB, 3:00 p.m., N. Y. Philharmonic . . . 6:30 p.m., CBL, Review of week's news .... 8:90 p.m
Hour over CBL . . . Monday, Dec. 4, 10 p.m., CBL, Contented Hour .
. . Tuesday, December 5th, at 8:30 p.m., CBL, Information Please . . . Jhlfr p.m., CBL, Canada's Fighting Forces ... 10 p.m., Toronto Symphony Orchestra .... Wed., Dec. 6th, 8:30 p.m., CBL, Serenade for Strings . . . 9:30 p.m., Music by Faith . . . Thursday, Dec. 7 at 8:00 p.m., “One Man’s Family . . 8:30 CBL, Parade of the Guards (new) ... 9:00 p.m., CBY. Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra . . f 10 p.m., CFRB, Columbia Workshop.
50 Rust fungi sort 4 Being.
53	To essay,
54	Man of
5	Parent.
^WÊÊ 6 Cipher. extraordinary 7 Horses’ neck 47 Right.
46 To abhor, t
6	Void spaces. 40 Flat round # Form of verb, plate.
51 Sour plum. 10 Ship’s record 52 Fleur-de-lis. 61 He is a noted book.
player. 11 Small island. 56 Neither.
58South y, America.
programs
stature.
57 Obeys.
50 Relish.
60 He is <----by
birth.
hairs.
Play less People Said Dangerous
"be."
55 Devoured.
"The Ability to Play Is Necessary or Democratic Society”
skin.
3 Magic.
A theory that "the most dangerous people In the world are those who do not play," was advanced last week by Marguerite Kehr, dean of women at State Tea' chers College, Bloomsburg, Pa., as she inquired “Can you imagine Adolf Hitler singing close harmony at an alumni reunion or yelling himself hoarse at a game?"
I
baseball
Beginning ap-
• Play For Play’s Sake
“The ability to play Is necessary for a democratic form of society," Miss Kehr declared. "There Is not much real recreation In the totalitarian countries.	%
“Recreation In our country Is a means of self-expression which is free, not regimented. We believe In play for play’s sake, not as a preparation for war.
Chase and Sanborn

:
ï
f

A thirteen-foot crocodile which had drifted 40 miles out to sea from Africa was found recently in Zanzibar.
Festival
P
POP—All or None
By J. MILLAR WATT
87. He that loveth father or mo. iher more than me is not worthy •of me; and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. To give any other one than Christ the centre of our life is to doom ourselves to restlessness of soul, dissatisfaction with life. 88. And he that doth 'not take his cross and follow after me, ie not worthy of me. 89. He that findeth his life shall lose it; and he that loseth i.is life for my sake •Hall find it. He that finds his life, !b the sense of keeping, or being road/ to keep, his bodily life by forsaking Chrbt shall lose his tru-Nfe, which consists in union with him, the source of all life.
we MUST HAVE THE WHOLE CLOCK TO REWUR ________
iT, sir ! m
\
•THIS IS TW ON
TUfl-vvotfr
IV- PAFCT
WHV?
60

f
#
i
!
y
Z
###PAGE###8###
The Red Oops heals the wotrnds of war and brings comfort to the afflicted.
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, Found 1 Lost old
Stanfield’s Underwear
Here is the Stove You Have Been Looking For 1
a
Lure of Talking Pictures Thrills Australian Natives
o
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	ROOMKRS- Several large comfortable
The lure of the talkies has pene* I rooms, furnished. Apply to 0, A.
Howard, Shaw ville, Phone
This Year’s Stock at
trated to the wilds of Arnhem Island, in north Australia, and the problems officials have now is not to keep white men out of this huge
FOR SALK OR EXCHANGE FOR CATTLE-One McLaughlin viilter, new. ¦ , , .	. ,	,	A1 , 7 overhauled and painted, also one
aboriginal preserve, but to keep the Chestnut Mnrc, rising 2-years-old. Apply
23 d.
Last Year's Prices
The new Re ich “Manor* *
Hinge of outstanding quality and proven merit and may be depended upon it all times to render service of the highest quaKiy with minimum fuel
x

natives in.
I Recently six aborigines reached Darwin, capital of the northern territory, after walking hundreds of miles through the unsurveyed Cast-
consumption. It is particular N ness of Arnhem Land, swimming
design»! for the averaged sued N swollen rivers infested with croco-
umily whore uuality is a H 1VS and risking their lives in pass- FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling Iiwf ‘.i r,	B	ing through	territory of	hostile	house,	altuatcd	In	east	end	Shaw ville,
l ira mount essential. Convince	g	tribes—all to	see	a cinema	show,	modern conveniences and garden.	Apnjv
youriclf of it. outitAndmg	||	They came from	Milingimi	on the	%
quality by becoming a satisfied	6	northeastern	end	of the Arnhém	Que.
owner of ,Y„e of these ranges 8 ,and coast» and lhcir ,on* trek Iast* ------------------------
ed four months. Later nearly a FOR SALE—Ont Gelding Blood Colt score of natives made a similar rising two year old aired by Brownie, journey for the same purpose, and Apply to Florid Mek, R R. No. 3. Shaw.
the glamour of the talkies now has v e* spread throughout the nomadic tribes of the north.
I Picture night for the natives is ,7 the event of the week in Darwin, even for the “detribalized" blacks, and only illness keeps them away.
$3.50
$2.75
lied Labol Combinations Gold Label Combinations Gold Label Shifts and drawers, each $1.60
Ü
JP

FOR SALE— Cutter a lid one
One Driving Sleigh Set of Single 11*
Apply to Chah. Ri’hhkll. Bristol, Que Phone 4 2.
one
i
»rn«*-

$2.00
Stanfield's All-wool Combinations....
Stanfield’s All-wool Shirts and Drawers each.................................
Heavy Fleece Combination.............
w
We also carry a full stock of ‘ Woodstock and “Gotta Percha” rubbers at lowest prices.
$1.15
$1.65
\
Wilmer H.
Hodglns
Phone, 20-18.
Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE—One good driving rising 5 years. Apply to L. R. Kee, Qnebcc.
hor*v
KitCA
Me

Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
5Q5B!
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE - One blood gelding, five rears old, will t.\-
One evening the manager of Dar- change for heavy colt, or sell on reason win's cinema received a message I chlwterla*ue *%onc
When he got there he found an , _____	n
(The native explained that if he was churches. Apply to Mum. Edna Yovn< going to the cinema his dog was, Maryland. Que. Phone 8—5 Shawvllle.
Results of First Quarter Shawville High School
Hodgins, Clarence Shore, Hubert» W Allan Young. Over 60 per cent Beverley Allan. ( larence Cuthbertson, Clarence Hodgina, Roderick McDowell,
Mel\m Strutt. I nder AO per cent______
Clayton Corrigan, Edgar Connelly.
Gitane A

Phone, 43
Names Appear According to Per Coat Alphabetically ^rraqged

Graph 11
tKer M p. c.—Beverley Harris, Daa-Over 70 per cent—Helen Oonigan, 1 ; | mood Hodgins, Wm Thompson, Claire Marguerite Grant, Muriel Murphy. Hennick Jean McKay. Over 70 p. c. -Over 00 percent. - Dora Beattie, 1 ; Roberta Dak : : Grace Swartz, .James Helen Bretzlaff, 1 ; Dorothy Caldwell, Chant, 1 ; Fay McDowell, 1 ; Marjory Iris Hair is, 1 ; I va Horner, 1 ; Shirley Smart, 1 ; Mazie McTieranan, 1. Over Horner, John MacLean, 2 : Gwenyth I*r cent—Millar Shore, Rosetta Shaw, 1 ; I so bel Sly, Isabel I Smith, 1 ; Rjley, 1 ; Clarence Kilgour, 3 ; Eckard Hilda Wallace, Gilbert Walsh. Over Way, 1 ; Junior Young, l ; Roy Judd,
A0 per cent.—Helma Bretzlaff, 2 ; Iva ; L Harland Armitage, 1. Norris Young Cotie, 3 ; Leslie Dods, 1 Isabel! 47 per cent. Emmerson Hiley unr.tnkcd.
Il, Elliott, 1 ; Bruce Findlay,! ; Bernice	Oku>f 4
KM
_	„ f.RAhFj0	E. Howird 2 ; Laura Howard 1 ; Erma
Over 90 per cent—Wallace Vandr*y. ; Kelley 2 : Dorah Smyth 3 Ethel
Over 80 per cent—Phillys Dab ms. Over Young 2.
70 per cent—Gilbert Kilgour. Over GO	1
per cent— Helen Clem mens, Lloyd Cone,	..	» vAI>k 3 e
Ronald Dean, Earl Garrcty, Clifford M*r VO percent.— Beverley Bailey,
Hann, Cheslyn Horner. Over AO per j Margaret Smith. Over 80 per cent.—	Bee’s Hula Hula
cent—Veda Beat tit. Marly u Carson, (jene Allen, James Canty, Sterling If you see a honeybee doing the Alwyn Dale, Marjorie Grant, Fred j Hobbs, Marilyn Hodgins, Clayton hula-hula, prick up your ears and Graham, Myrtle Hobin, Mildred Hanna, La tram boise, Phyllis Smart. Over 70 maybe you'll hear some gossip hot "Laura- Harris, I va Howard, Donald Pfr cent.—Beverley Corrigan 1 ; Ada from the hive. Scientists have dis-McDowell, Helen Neville, Helen Walsh, “°[?er 1 i Ralph Lit hem 1 ; Dalton covered that bees don’t talk with the Catherine Woodley, Percy Way, Della McKay, Robert Spence. Over GO per buzz of their wings, but with the Tippins. Under AO per cent—Ola cent.—Clifton Campbell 1 : Earl Young movements of their bodies. Accord» Bretzlatf, John Brough, Enid Connelly, L L nder GO per cent.—Nelson Angus ing to Dr. J. E. Eckert, bee special-Nornu Dale, Grant Eades, Anna Griffin, 0	ist at the University of California,
Beverley Hoare, Ray Hobrb, Eîqanor	Grapf2	>	says Country Home Magazine.
Horner, Keith liodgins, Velma Hodgins, Over 00 per bent.—Norah Bailey there's a word for every wiggle. __ .	„	, n .	j	11 .	.,	.»	» t ~	.	Rebecca Hobbs John Knox, Marshall Joseph Belabor. Wesley Boston Beulah Most of the bees’ undulations, per-
mm iiisP ebSei is#m
mained in seclusion in her apart- The music was played by Miss o m6-	, Hudgins,, Lbarlie McDowell, Roberta
ment in the palace attended by Geraldine Stanton, cousin of the	,FMM J	! laber, >\ ay ne Telford
her veteran servants.	bridegroom, who also sang a solo
at communion. Miss Kay Mulligan Cameron Kowat.	.	.	____
sang "Ave Marie*’ and “Just For Jessie Armstrong, Eileen Campbell, ! Over 40 per cent.—Fay Young Today.”	Claire Draper, Mary Griftin, Veronica1
¦1W
Out™ three si-ter« Mr- M E matching Velvet turban and accès- Over 90 per cent—Lois Hamilton Kinn of Ottawa • Mrs Mar g» ret soi ies. aud also wore a silver fox Over 80 per cent—Alvin Belsher, Belly Alien of Cambridge Mass* and flir- the 8*ft of the bridegroom Hodgins. Everett McDowell, Jean Mrs. James Gavan, of Quyon,’and Her cors«Ke was Johanna Hill Smith, Osborn Smith, Gladys Telford,
one brother, William, of Cbapleau, ro,2S** ...	.,	,	.	, Doreen Walsh. Over 70 per cent—
Ont. A brother, John, died about . Th® bridesmaid c.iose a street- Irene Armstrong, Shirley Armstrong, ftvearaeo	length gown of Aurora Row crepe Reta Carson, Jean Draper, Rachel
igg-gsi-K mmm mm§-
—i—	Immediately following the cere- '?r.aD’ 2 j TJ.ue?afin. Lusk, 2 , J^rna
Jeremiah Kelly D es in	mony a wedding breakfast was	I ; Ruth Sharpe 1 ; El I wood
Pembroke General Hospital gerved at R loeal hotel to irarnedi. Storey, 2 ; Mona Tr.cy, 8. Over 50
ate families, after which the per cent —Carl Dale, 2 ; Viola Elliott 2;
Jeremiah Kelley, 08, of Demers j young couple left on a motor trip OrttUi Green shields 3; John Howard,
Centre, who Ims lain unconscious ^ fu Boston and other eastern points 3 ; Noms McDowell, 4 , Itoland Renin the General Hospital, Pembroke, For travelling the Unde wore a nick, 1 ; Billy Smiley, 1 ; Inez Swartz, for a week with a fractured skull, navy blue crepe dress with mateh- 3 ; Douglas Wickenâ, 1. died Friday night, Dec. 1st. He mg accessories, over which she ent, Margaret Hodgins 4 was found unconscious beside a wore a teal blue wool boucle coat pin.®, 3. team of horse* hitched to a wagon with blue fox collar. I pon their .
at the home of hi* son, Gerald, return they will reside in South]	% ' i,RAns ?	.	„
near Demers Centre, Monday Onslow, Que.	Over 80 per cent—Alicia Hoare,
afternoon. Cause of the accident ¦	_	¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	¦	Buddy linwat, Shirley Sly, Lionel
is unknown.	TnnHc ^f* Thnnirc	Storey, Eleanor Turrieff. Over 70 per
Born at Demers Centre, son of	tapqs or inanKS	cent—Shirley Corrigan, 1 ; Grant Gibson,
the late Mr. and Mrs. William	1 ; Muriel Harris ; Iva Hobbs, Joan
Kelley, he lived there all his life. The family of the late Robert Telford, Hodgins, Lois Hodginn, Ruth Hodgins,
He was a farmer and was married wish to thank their kind friends and Irene Howard, Betty Pequegnat, Jean twice. His first wife, the formel neighbours for their acts of love and Smith, 1 ; Dorothy Smith. Over 60 Mary Tackney, predeceased him messages of sympathy during their per cent—Isabel Corrigan, Joantorri by 31 years. In 1927, his second recent loss of husband and father and gan. \ ; Helen Dale, 1 ; Edith Elliott, 1; wife, the former Helen McGuire, also extend grateful thanks for the Ormie Elliott, 2 ; Dorothy Hobbs, 1 ; died He attended St. Joseph’s beautiful floral tributes received.	Relva Hodgins, 1 ; Hewitt Mcfredie, 1 :
Cwtholie Church, Allumette l«lnnd. ________ R,™.» MrCredie. 9 ; Eldon McTWII,
six sons, Hubert. Ernest. El wood	—" ^	_	USade j
and Lenox, all of Allumette Inland, Rev. J. B. Pring, of Shawville, will Over RO per c^nt Rona Howard, and John and Willisin, both nf be the speaker at the Standard Church, Shirley Judd. Over ?0 per crot—
Sudbury ; two daughter*. Mlese* North Clarehdoo, on Sunday evening, IBhirley Hodgins, Wel<inn Hobbs, Dde Loretta and Mary, both at h«»mefjDec. 10th, at 7.00 oflMock# Everbod) | Thompson, Iva Swartz, Lyndon Walsh, and two Fi*ter% Mrs William Me welcome	lOver 60 per cent.— Mona Armstrong.
Guire, of Allumette Island, and	W. G. Kvitca, Faster 1 Susan Barber, Glen Berber, Milieu*
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
too
t
The dog, he went on, had never WIND CHARGER—Harness the wind
another for the dog fo that that All work fully guaranteed. Apply to
oversight could be remedied.	HOWARD DROWN. R. 2, Shawville.
Phone 0
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Pupils Steal Show	Sell What Every
What was intended to be an inspec- Household Needs I non by the central provinces edu- » You will earn more than a decent hr-
ssvssri F'™ ®
into a celebration by the pupils. As good money from start. Get fact* and the minister finished inspection of I catalogue _ today. FA Ml LEX PRO-the first schools visited, the pupils IDtclS, 57U St. Clement, Montreal.
were dismissed, and they followed him. When he reached Itarsi several hundred boys and many adults invaded the hall in advance, waving flags and singing songs. The inspection was abandoned, the .minister made a speech and was presented a garland.
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
Mrs. William Murphy, of Malta wn.
The funeral wa« held on Monday morning to St Joseph's Catholic Church and cemetery.
Great Aunt of The King Dead
Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, great aunt of the King and widow of a former Governor General of Canada, died at he: home, Kensington Palace, England. She was 91 years of age.
The Princess was the oldest of the three survivors of Queen Vic toria s family! She is survived by her brother, the 89 year old Duke of Cannaught former Governor General of Canada, and the 82 year old Princess Beatrice, widow of
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
MARRIED
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Clarke -Moyi.e
J. P. Wilson
St. Mary's Church, Qttyon, was the scene of a pretty wedding on Wednesday morning, Nov. 29th. when Loretta Mary Moyle, daughter of Mrs. John M. Moyle and the
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
NOTICE

Egyptian Beauty Experts
The ancient Egyptians were first-
Over per
Over 80 per cent—Grace Hatcher, —Annamay Fleury, Ray Young.
Over 70 per cent.— | Over CO per cent.— ~~
Vilnon 1	I I	• hOf PPnf .
rom date all accounts
Marlene Howard. Irate beauty _ parlor experts and I ing in connection with the service of
probably originated the first "hair- the Hackney Stallion, Dainty Prince do” fashions in our civilization. Ap- George, must be paid to the owner, paratus for waving the hair has Other persons are not authorized to been discovered in ancient tombs to- I make collections.	#
Over gether with numerous preparations or "kohl,” the ancient counterpart )f eyelash coloring or mascara.
Mrs. Thomas Mulligan
Grade 1
x j
By order of the owner,
W. H. BROWN, Porcupine, Ont.
November 15, 1939
Pity the victims of war ; heal the wounded ; comfort the Afflicted—help the Red Cross.
Cemetery Donations
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thank* the following additional contributions :—
Shawville Women's Institute $10 OO David T Hodgins,
Frank McCleary ..
Shawville Council 311 feet of piping
Fur Pelts Wanted
1 wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer,
Shawville, Que.
CARD OF THANKS
2 00
Mrs. Basil Hobin and family and the Thomas Hobin family desire to express their heartfelt thanks to many friends and neighbours for their many acts of kindness, expressions of sympathy and beautiful floral tributes received during their recent sad bereavement.
2 00
»
William McDowell
Photographs of the children become increasingly precious with passing years. They, too, in later years, will appreciate the record of their childhood. The appropriate gift. e Christmas special — two extra photos with each dozen
H. Imison’s Photo Studio
Phone 43
OUR NEEDS...
YOUR OBLIGATIONS...
Horses For Sale
Over <0 per Meryl Tip^
1
Near the close of the year there are hundreds of subscriptions due Tub Equity, and it is a time also hen the publisher is called upon to meet the heaviest demands of the twelve month period. We have been anticipating that with the harvest returns this money would come in, and have not asked for it sooner. At this time we api>eal to all subscribers in arrears to give a little thought to their obligations in this respect, and earnestly request them to meet without delay the whole or part of their Indebtedness hundreds of these small accounts and the aggregate amount, if received, would be of much service to ns. Please resolve to Pay To day, we can’t somehow get along without the use of money.
Three Colts, coming three-years
Three Colts, coming two-years
Three Foals, coming one-year-old
Three good drivers and good woi* horses.
Payments accepted on good securities on 6 to 12 months time.
Apply to
, G. A. HOWARD & SONS Frost à Wood, Cockehutt Imp,
| '	Ford Cars and Trucks,
Shawville, Que.
We have
FOR SALE
For Immediate shipment only end subject to prior sale 1 .GflO » bee ta “tlTB-LAP" Galvanised Steel Pooling.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd
1336 Delorlmler Avenue
*	Montreal, Quebec
THE EQUITY
I
