###PAGE###1###
$1.50 per annum In Advino? 2 GO to the United,States
i
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17. 1940
No 19., 58th Yeah
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
The semi-annual meeting ot Women’* Institutes of Poutine County will be held in the United Church, Stark's Corners, on Wednesday, October 23rd, commencing
___	____j. A good représenta»
tion from each branch is asked for.
ENGAGEMENT
Shawville Hardware
Mr. and Mrs. H. C Rowat and family, spent the week end and holiday with relatives at Hunt ingdon, Que.
Miss Gwen Hodgin*, has returned to Ottawa after a month’s visit with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. n. W. Hod gins.
Mr. White, of the L O L Benevo lent Association paid his official visit to Orange Lodges in this district during the past week.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Sal way and son. of Lachute Que. are visiting at the home of the former’s father, Mr. John Salway, Stark s Corners.
MARTIN- RARNKH—The engagement is announced of Edith Rose, youngest daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Martin, of Campbell's Bay, to Thomas William, only son of Lieutenant A. and Mrs. Barnes, of Cttawa. The marriage will take place shortly.
at 10 30 a.m
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Auction Sale—An auction sale of the household effects belonging to the Estate of the late Mrs. M. A. McKinley, will he held at the late home on Saturday, Oct. 20th, at 10.00a.m, by Auctioneer, W. G. Chisnell.
Chicken Supper — A chicken supper will be held at Murrell’s Community Hall on Thursday evening, October 24th. under the auspices of the United Ladies' Aid. A drawing for a quilt will be held. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
DANCE—A mixed dance will be held in the Orange Hall, Charteris, Friday evening. October 25th. Good music. Admission,30 cents.
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
MARRIED
Armitage—Wilson
W. E. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
The marriage ot' Miss Carrie Eli// nbeth Wilson, daughter of Rev.
Joseph E. Wilson and Mrs. Wilson, Mr and Mrs. James Judd and to Albert Earl Ralph Armitage, daughter. Miss Marie’, of Valid-son of Mr. and Mrs Albert ft. reuil, Que , were week end guests Armitage, Smith’s Falls, was sol. 0f re]atives in town, d at Holiness Movement
%
JAMES A. MILLAR
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
B.A..L. L. L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
emmze
Chapel, Cardinal. Ont., by the bride’s father on Saturday evening at six o'clock.
Miss Mae McGregor of Ottawa, was the organist, and Mrs. Clifford Cheetham, of Gananoqne, sister of the bride was the soloist.
Miss Thelma Wilson, of Ottawa, attended her sister as bridesmaid, and Mr. Keith Campbell, of Ottawa
was best man Mr. Henry Wilson, Smiths Palls, and Mr. Caldwell Wilson, Carleton Place.
The bride's father was in charge of the Holiness Movement Congregation at Campbells Hay for some years
Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Horner and son, Jimmie, of South Porcupine, spending a vacation with relatives in this district.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Brough and «on, John, spent the week-end and Thanksgiving at the home of their daughter and son in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Orin Simons, at Thetford Mines. Quebec.
Mrs. E Erskine. Provincial Grand Mistress., of the L O B A. for Qua bee, paid her’ofticial visit to the Stark’s Corners Ladies’ Lodge on Monday, October 7th, and at Campbell’s Bay. on Tuesday, Oct
cm
are
Dance — Halloween dance at Otter Lake on Wednesday evening, October 30th. Music by Jac-k Fennessey and his orchestra, of Renfrew. Prizes for best Lady’s costume, best Gent s costume and
Last dance oi Admission, 35 cents.
HARLAND C. ROW AT
NOTARY PUBLIC
consolation prize the season. ,
The ushers were,
Chicken Supper — The Ladies Guild of Radford Holy Trinity Church, will hold their annual chicken supper on Friday evening, October 25th, in the Parish Hall. Good program. Admission, 35 and 20 cents.
Graduate of McGill University
8HAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street. Shawville, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
8th
Mr». Hilliard Palmer. Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Grant, Mrs. James GreenshiHds and daughter, Mar-joi ie, visited at the home of the former’s brother. Mr. Frank Strutt, at Inkerman, last week.
*
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Bean Supper — St. Andrew’s Womens’ Association, Bristol, will hold a bean supper in the basement of the church on Friday evening, Octobei 18th. A program will be provided. Admission, 25 cents.
Fades-Christie
Advocate arplster. Solicitor, etc,
Office : CampbelPeBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
A quiet wedding was solemnized at seven o'clock on Saturday evening in the church of the Ascension, when Miss Grace Christie, daughter of Mrs. Christie and the late Rev. G. Christie, became the bride of William Jason Fades, «on of Mrs. Fades and the Mr. T. A Fades, of Ottawa, formerly of
Rev. C. A. Bender
FALL
Holiday Visitor»
South Porcupine
44	H
Leslie Horner,
Clifford Brown,
Russell Brown Emmerson Brown Mr and Mr*. Ulric Hodgins, of South Porcupine.
Bill Stanton, Noranda.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarke Cowan, of To i onto.
Mrs. Harry Millar Mr. and Mrs. R. Pentland 14 Miss Mable Tngman,
44 Edith Tngman “ Marjorie Tngman 11 Pat McDowell “ Betty Silver “ H+den McLean ~
44 Elaine Horner 14 Marion Smyth " Elizabeth Argue Ralph McPherson Grant McAllister 41 Hazel Zaclmrais 44 Kay Blaekador,
44 Loi raine Pokes 44 Ethel Smart Rev. Major G I Campbell “
Dr. Morris Haycock Mr. Charles Judd and daughter Eleanor, of Ottawa.
Mrs. Win. Wharrey and daughters, Jennie, Evelyn, Marguerite, Ottawa.
Miss Amelia Smart, of Gramby, Mr. and Mrs. Ambrose Howard,
Guelph, Ont.	,	„ , .
Lt. and Mrs. Sandford Hodgins, of Petawawa.
The following students from Macdonald College were week-end guests of their parents—Mr. Douglas Campbell, Misses Mary and Helen Corrigan, Dorothy Caldwell, Gwenneth Shaw, Iva Cotie, Iva Horner.
The following members of the R.C.A.S.F., spent the week-end and Thanksgiving with relatives and friends in town and vicinity— Ptes. Donald McDowell, Douglas McDowell, Hubert Brownlee, Fred Way, Irvine Hamilton, Borden Corrigan. Billy Shore, Bruce Elliott, Ebert Horner, Lawrence Young, Irvine Ballantyue, Arthur Smyth.
Among those from Montreal were—t)rs. R. E Dagg and Wallace Hodgins, Messrs. Wilson Judd, Harold Hayward, David Clarke, Gilbert Armstrong, Mr. and Mrs Donald McRae, Misses Sheila Mas son, Marion Dale, Maude Dahms, Bessie Armstrong.
Lloyd Fulford of Port Colbourn,
Chicken Supper—Starks Cornera United Church congregation will hold a chicken supper on Friday evening, October 18th. Good
Admission 35 and 20
DONAT Le GUERRIER
U
41
4 4
BA. L.L.B,
Shawville officiated at the ceremony.
Mr. Edward Forrest presided at
Melvin Dunn
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
program
cents.
HOUSE CLEANING
Dance—Under the auspices of Shawville Rebekah Lodge will be held on Thursday evening, Oct. 31. Mixed dancing. Music by Happy Homesteaders, of Ottawa. Proceeds in aid of an ambulance fund. Refreshments served. Admission,
50 cents. Come and help a worthy cause.
The Shawville Womens Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Wm. Horsfield on Monday night, Oct. 21st. Mrs. W. E. Shaw is convener of the program “School Day Recollections. * Hos teases—Mesdames Wm. Horstivld Gold win McDowell, D. J. Camp bell, and Neil Drummond.
the organ and Mi was the soloist.
Given in marriage by her brother, Mr. Thorburn Christie, the bride was attended by Miss Florence Bowes. Mr. Ernest Fades, cousin of the bridegroom, was best man and the ushers were Mi. George Skahau and Mr. Wylie Rourke.
A street length frock of soldier blue fashioned with a diagonally
and biacelet
Branch at Qnyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by(correspondence
Ottawa
il
44
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
For a limited time only vie are showing some
very gccd specials in Curtain Nets and
Scrims, frilled curtains, etc. Get your requirements early as this class of
merchandise may be scarce later on.
44
44
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.in. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
44
44
gathered bodice length sleeves was worn by the bride. Her halo model hat and shoulder length veil were also of soldier blue :	She wore a corsage
bouquet of Briarcliffe roses.
Miss Florence Bowes chose a daytime costume of Bordeaux red with a pill box hat in the same shade and black accessories Her shoulder bouquet was of Johanna Hill
roses.	, . .	..
A reception was held at the
home of the bride’s mother and later Mr. and Mrs. Fades left on a short motor trip, the bride travelling in a grey coat with opossum trimmings and accessories.
Out of town guests at the wedding included, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. NVarren of Egan ville ; Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Elliott and Master Donald Elliott, of Lachine, Que ; Mr. and Mrs. Harry Fades,-Miss Elaine and Master Benson Fades, of Shawville ; Miss Dorcas Christie, of Block ville ; Mrs, Rachel Christie, of Madoc ; Mr. and Mrs. A.. M. Legge, Mi. and Mrs. Earl Legge and Mr. Melvin Legge, all of Toronto.
41
44
Roll enli-
st
44
44
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
45 inches wide. White Masquisette, with colored dots. Mauve, Yellow, Green, Blue, Rose. Per yard 29c
October Raspberries
Phone 81.
On Thank-giving Day, Mr. Wei lington Armstrong en me around to this office with ripe wild rasp berries, which were plucked at his Phillip's Lake property Occasion-I y we have heard, or read about, second growth tame raspberries, but this is the first time we have seen the wild variety at this late date.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST 609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
Silk Net, nice patterns. Ecru.
36 inches wide.
35c and 45c
Per yard
•••••••••••••
Plowing Match Well Attended
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Under the joint auspices of the Litchfield and Calumet Island Farmers'clubs, the Pontiac Plowmen’s Association held a match on Tuesday of last week on the farm of Edgar Cahill, Calumet Island. Fair weather favored the event and a large crowd was in attendance. In the evening a dance
Officers in
Extra Wide, Heavy Silk Net, Ecru," per yard 60C
Celenese Net
75c
IS
I I
I I
41
IS
Elliott—Ormond
Eastview United Church, Ottawa, was the scene of the marrige Saturday afternoon of Miss Buna Anna Ormond, daughter of Mrs. Ormond and the late Mr. Robert Ormond, to Hugh Hazelwood Elliott, son of Mrs. Elliott, and the late Mr. R. ii. Elliott, of Shawville. Rev. 1). R Smith ofti
dated	„ .	,
_ Miss Audrey Nelson, cousin of the bridegroom, was organist and the soloist, Mr. XVesley Hrownlee, sang, “Because” during the signmg Ont of the register. Mrs. Hazel Ormond, as bridesmaid, attended her sister, and Mr Willard Elliott, cousin of the bridegroom, was best Mr. George Fraser and Mr. Morris Kemp were ushers.
The bride chose a model in floor length of Heaven blue French net over taffeta, appliqued in taffeta and ribbon, with matching accès series. She carried a bouquet of Premier roses and baby's breath in shower.
Miss Hazel Ormand, as brides maid, wore a floor length frock of pink French net over taffeta, with hip length shirred jacket, and navy blue accessories. Her bouquet was of Talisman roses and delphinium.
Autumn flowers were used in decoration of the home of the bride’s mother, where the recep tion was held. Later Mr. and Mrs. Elliott left for Western On- won tario, and will take up residence in Shawville. The bride travelled in a green wool crepe dress, a beige coat, and brown accessories
Out-of-town guests were R. H Elliott, Miss Edith Elliott, ner, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Elliott, Misses to.
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
on
was held in Bryson charge of the match were : Chairman/ Fred Derouin ; directors, Thos. O’Brien, Janies Peever, Ed Wvinn, John Newell, R C. Carswell Thomas Connelly; secretary, Gerald Kavanagh, and agricnlturlists, Gerard Martineau and N. A. Drum mond.
The judge of the plowing was L»ewis Harkuess, of Maryland, and the prizes were presented by Professor L. H Hamilton, of Macdonald College.
The prize winners were :
Boys under 17 with plain plow : 1st, Leo McGee ; 2nd, Howard Letts ; 17 to 20, inclusive, plain plow ; 1st, Henry Derouin ; 2nd, O’Arcy McGee.
Men over 21, plain plow : 1st Irvine Shea ; 2nd, Irvine Cahill ; over 21, two furrow plow: Hugh Stewart ; over 21, high cutting or Scotch plow : Ernest Murray.;
Tractor plowing ; 1st, Emmett Kinsley ; 2nd, James Cahill.
Best team and outfit for silver ophy donated by A, G. Proud-foot, Leo McGee.
Best ridge by plowman under 21 for silver cup donated by T. J Moorehead : Henry Doroum (winner for the the third consecutive
t*Best ridge of any class for silver trophy donated by E. C. Law n, M L.A , Irvine Shea.
Boys 17 to 20, best ridge with plain plow—Henry Derouin.
Best ridge with one furrow plain plow—Irvine Shea Boys under 17 with plain plow—Ernest Murray With tractor plow-Leo McKee.
New, Criss Cross Frilled Curtains, Colour White or Cream. Per pair
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
IN 6
180 METCALFE STREET
ONT.
IC
SI.50
OTTAWA.
RHO E, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
Embroidered, Cottage Sets,
Colour, White with Green or White with Blue
Per pair
Mr. David Fisher and sister, Mrs. Peter White, of Powassan, Ont.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Armitage, of Collingwood, Ont.
Mr. Wilraer Hodgins, Carle ton
Place.
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
SI.75
OTTAWA
man
i
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
SR.cialist.on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Notice—A meeting of Shawville Badminton Club will be held at the High School on Friday even ing, Oct. 18th. at 7.30 o’clock. All those intending to play aid requested to attend.
Notice—Since the Fair, a few donations have been received. We will be glad to publish these names and other additional donations if received before next week.
R. W. Hodgins, Secretary.
Stair Pads, Curtain Rods, Bed Castors,
Window Shades
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul
insurance
tr
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins. Lt’d
Jean and Alfreda Elliott, Mr Willard Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. Law Corrigan, all of Shawville ; Miss Or ma Elliott, Mr. Andrew Balk well, Pembroke ; Miss Corn Kemp, San Diego, Calif.; Dr. and Mrs. G. L. Gigger, Edgartown Mass.; Mi. and Mrs G "«ham Gnr. Miss Kathryn Garner, Toron-
Shawville
Quebec

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
M r«.

###PAGE###2###
/J Q'\eat £H&Ujy. tyoo<t
templating, they «aid, an invasion of Sweden thiâ winter to clinch him hold on iron ore supplies and to giv-i Russia momethint more to worry about; engineering of » Moslem revolt against Britain; and seizure of French colonies in Africa, from which to launch attacks on outposts of the British Empire,—although if the British made another attempt at Dakar, they might beat him to it.
“Time” Newsmagazine, Sept. 30, declared: “If the Battle of Britain should turn adversely for the Axis, or if it should become a long drawn-out affair of bombings and blockade, the Southern Theatre might well be the deciding area of combat . • . If the Axis ixiuld gain control of the extremities of the Mediterranean, Britain’s fight would be far harder, might be impossible. Without the oil fields of Iraq, without tenablo
bases in
harry the Axis on flank, without the help of the Moslem world and without the last shred of support in the Balkans, Britain would be hard put to it to win.”
“Savior of Britain” Decorated by King

Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources



®®,e,en corn
Xz
i
NO. It


Ontario Federation of Anglers

r
Preserve Muskies
In my last article a short re-of the natural history of
cLuioe floubUut Spent
PS24
sume
the muskie was given, mainly as a background for the present article.
The most important point m the conservation of the muskie fc the protection of the spawning They run up into shallow water to lay their eggs and at such times are particularly vulnerable to the poachers.
CRIMINAL POACHING
Most of us would regard as very foolish any farmer who killed his just before they freshened. If this were a continued practice with him he would soon be without stoc*k on his farm. The peochcr when he takes the muskies on their spawning grounds is killing stock, robbing the public just as surely as if he took money from individual pockets.
Another way in which destruction of maskinonge takes place is through the lowering of the waters in late spring. When the spring floods are on, the adult muskies work well into the marshes to spawn. Here the water is warm and the eggs will develop rapidly. But far too often these flood waters are needed to run the mills and they are allowed away through the sluices. The eggs of the maskinonge, or the young fish, if they have hatched, are left high and dry for the birds.
We are still studying these fishes so that we may know better to conserve them and this
Leader Donald Jones of a Kentish town, acting as an Air Raid Warden. When a number of bombs dropped in his area he hurried to the scene, and found three persons trapped under a collapsed house. Jones wormed his way beneath the timbers until he gained a position where him body could protect the upturned faces of the victims. He held this position for no less than four hours, during which time he kept up a cheerful conversation to allay the fears of the trapped persons, and guided the work o;
the rescue party.
$ $ $
A unique wartime job undertaken by the Boy Scouts of Acton, England, has been the providing of “listeners” at church. The boys listen closely for air raid sirens during the singing of hymns, when other members of the congregation may not hear. The church also has Its own fire-fighting squad, which includes Scouts.
VOICE
I
THE
0 F

PRESS
fishes.
the Mediterranean to
its southern
THEY ECONOMIZED
“We must cut down everything by at least onc-thrd,” said a lecturer on economy recently. At tho conclusion of his remarks ihe
him two hea/ty Montreal Star.
i
cows
audience gave cheers.
Whither China?
in its fourth year of resistance to the Japanese ag-
last week faced with
I
/
i
China,
FOR EASIER TAXES
Making the last day of every month civic tax-payment day would entail some extra book -
but it would be a less
pression,
comparative equanimity the newest turn of affairs whereby Ja-
enabled to attack her in
*4? \
our
pan was
the rear through French Indo-
Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek was determined to hang till the end. He still had enough ammunition left for another year of fighting; the morale of the Chinese army was never higher. But within the inner councils of the Chungking government it felt that aid would have to to China from somewhere Were Britain and the
keeping
painful method of financial extraction as far as the taxpayers are concerned.
I

i
China.

B/antford Ex-

on
positor.
m


WOMEN DRIVERS’ MILEAGE
Women worse drivers than men? Last year more than 1)4 per cent, of the drivers in all Ontario accidents and practically 96 per cent of the drivers in fatal accidents, were male. No one knows, however, what mileage was driven by males and what mileage by females wuold be necessary to a real com-
Toronto Star.
Third Set Teeth Coming At 80
was com e outside.
United States really ready to help in a substantial way? Or, would China turn in finality to Russia? These were her two alternatives.
Hugh Dowd in g, chief of Britain’s fighter command, RIGHT, has been made a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath. Idolized by his junior officers who affectionately refer to him as “Stuffy,” Sir Hugh is credited with Britain’s stiff resistance to the Nazis in the ai In the face of severe opposition and criticism he convinced the air council to put eight synchronized machine-guns on the British fighter planes and thus gained for them a marked superiority over the Nazis.
Calgary Woman, Now Teething, Has Already Worn Out Two Sets of False Ones
information which
“Escape” School Taught Nazis
panson.
ways
research can be left to the scientist. However, every conservationist can help to control the poacher and the water levels. They are the important matters at the present time.
Incidentally, the finest fishing picture I have ever seen was shown at the American Fisheries Society in Toronto by Wm. Lang of the Toronto Anglers. It dealt with the muskie and was in full colour. Get your local fish and game association to invite Mr. Lang to show his pictures in your town. You will help along the of conservation and you
Mrs. Elizabeth Hope Ross of Calgary, who is more than 80 years of age, is getting her third set of teeth.
After having used false teeth long enough to have worn out two pairs, and having started on her third, a new set of molars is coming through her gums.
Mrs. Ross said she first began to notice signs of the new teeth about last Christmas. During the last few days the first of them broke through. Appearances indicate others will follow soon, as there are evidences of 12 in all.
Amazed to be teething “at my age,” Mrs. Ross said she suffered some distress but found relief fh taking powders similar to thore given to teething infants.
Mrs. Ross, who has 10 children, 23 grandchldren and two great-grandchildren, now has only one regret. It’s in connection with a new set of “store” teeth.
“They’re a lovely set,” she said, “almost new—and I won’t need them.”
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
WE ARE "DISCOVERED”
It is only in recent months that, in a news sense, we have been “discovered” by our friends of the great republic. Not much news from this country got into the United States papers unless it concerned the quintuplets or the Mounted Police. Over here we paid our debts, we did not go in for revolutions, from the foreign correspondents’ point of view we had a lamentable shortage of assassinations and intrigue, and the reader of the average American newspaper found far more about Mexico than about Canada.—Ottawa Journal.
JAP-AXIS PACT PLACES RUSSIA, U.S. ON SPOT
Prisoners Were
Enemy Taught In Advance How to Pick Lock and Dig Tunnels; Two of Gestapo In Canadian
Internment Camp
Careful Investigation of German war prisoners In Canada has shown that a number of them are graduates of a German school organized for the s-pecific purpose of teaching prisoners how to escape.
Preparing in advance for their soldiers being captured, the Ger-held classes In lock picking,
resses” to go abroad in exchange for British bases in the Pacific; loans of money to England; further U.S.-British co-operation in the Far East. Stronger hints were forthcoming that the United States might soon accept the challenge of Japan, now so badly bogged-down in China. The collapse of the Rising Sun Empire could be brought about by a strict American embargo on war supplies, aid to China, and a blockade of the passages from the Indian Ocean in the Pacific. But not until after the November el étions, anyway . . .
Indian Summer Invasion?
Meantime what was happening in the Battle of Britain? A Nazi invasion seemed less probable than it had the previous week. British defense against air bombings were obviously improving, while the R.A.F. offensive against the Nazis was growing stronger. But everyone was convinced that the air war would continue throughout the winter, with the Germans attempting to wear down the British air force and shut off England from food and war supplies from overseas while Nazi military operations developed on fronts farther distant.
Another big crisis this month was nevertheless expected by the head men in London. Predicting an Axis campaign against Gibraltar in October coupled with an Indian summer attempt to invade England, Lord Beaverbrook’s Daily Express, said:	“The most
likely Axis strategy would be thrusts at Gibraltar (with Spain’s connivance) and Bizerte (French Tunisia), in an effort to draw the British home fleet to the Mediterranean and leave the English Channel less hazardous for invasion barges.”
Southern Theatre May Decide
Also on Hitler’s program, experts last week agreed, were tension of political, or possibly military, control over the Balkans; substantial contribution to the Italian drive towards the Suez Canal. Hitler might also be con-
Though many may have anticipated its signing, the momentous tripartite agreement entered into last week by Germany, Italy and Japan, made the rest of the world catch its breath. With the announcement of the pact, the conflict» raging in Europe, Africa and the Far East swiftly became one. The Second World War was a reality.
cause _ will certainly not be disappointed In the pictures.
mans
tunneling, and other ways of break-lng out of camps. In one Canadian camp there are at least twenty men who have learned scientific ways of opening locks without keys.
Two of them are members of the
The Book Shelf
World War Begins
Of the six great powers left upon the globe, four were already in it The United States and Russia, remaining, were now on the spot Of these two victims of the Jap-Axis “squeeze play,” the United States was already throwing its weight on the side of Britain; and Russia, the uncertain quantity, held the * balance of ^_____ between the two blocs, de-
mocratic and anti-democratic.
Russia Holds Balance Which way would Stalin jump? To join with Britain against Germany? If the U.S.S.R. were to enter the struggle, more than half the German air force would have to operate in eastern Europe, plus a tremendous mechanized army consuming vital gasoline supplies—the defeat of Germany would be certain. (Russia in the meantime, however, would have to be fighting Japan at her back door).
To join with the new Triple Alliance against the British-U.S. bloc? Very unlikely. It would be much more reasonable to place credence in the statement of the Russians themselves, that the So-vit Union would remain firmly neutral. Signing of a non-aggression pact with Japan would be a definite possibility. Again, Russia might lend more and more support to sore-pressed China, letting Japan bleed herself white trying to conquer the Chinese.
U.S. Accepts Challenge The United States, far from being scared off by new Japanese threats, last week moved closer •till to her ally-except-in-name, Britain. Washington corridors buzzed with talk of “flying fort-
Canada is the world’s largest producer of the platinum metals.
Gasoline consumed by civil aircraft in Canada during 1939 totalled 3,297,410 gallons compared with 2,857,847 gallons in 1938.
German Gestapo.
Authorities are now able to explain how a tunnel was completed for Gunther Lorentz’s escape from a Muskoka camp without a pile of earth disclosing excavation operations.
Handling prisoner's mail presents a problem. An average day brings 120 bags of mall through the clearing house in Ottawa and this has to be scanned for code messages, for Invisible ink, for compasses hidden in jars of preserves.
“AS 1 REMEMBER HIM” (The Biography of R S.)
By Hans Zinsser
The author of "Rats, Lice and History” here gives us the informal biography of a physician by fee name of *‘R. S." (in reality himself) who was also a philosopher, a poet, and a good friend.
Medicine took R. S. to the far of the earth. Wherever
and infection,
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
PIPS
wer

I r.
¦ F
#

//





corners
there were war there he was found In Siberia in 1914-15, in the American Army in France, in Russia after the great famine, in Mexico and in China, he fought as a scientist. Last month as Hans Zinsser he died of an obscure disease, leukemia, after living for two years in the knowledge that it was slowly killing him. He tells his story in a fascinating way, with deep learning and salty wit; and his book now becomes a magnificent memorial to a very hu-
who led an extremely


V//
y/
SCOUTING . .
v.
Z


When a train was wrecked near Blue River, B.C., and a number of soldiers and other passengers
two North Battleford.
o

Injured,
Bask., Boy Scouts, Jerry Asraussen and “Scotty” Buchanan, enroute to Vancouver, found their Scout training valuable. With the exception of a few scratches the boys were uninjured, and were promptly rendering first aid to their less fortunate fellow travellers.


i

ma man useful and interesting life.
'A* I Remember Him” ... by Hans Zinsser . . . Toronto; McClelland and Stewart . . . $3.25.


»
i


%

%
%
Boy Scout training in fire fighting enabled two Scouts of St. Johns, Nfld., to master a fire which broke out at night in a summer cottage at Mount Pearl Park. So successful were the boys' efforts that the services cf a fire engino were not required when it arrived on the scene.
à
/

Carol Carried Million Away
y
O
2%



m

%
f





On Special Train, When He Escaped Into Exile—Metal Packed Into Three Wooden Crates
ex-
.

r-2^

bjrr*(l W«h«r)~-
I m going to turn so I thought I’d better signal.”
t, i
An outstanding story of Boy Scout gallantry was that of Troop
Rumanian government officials allege that three wooden crates containing more than $1,000,000 worth of gold left the country on Abdicated King Carol’s special #ain.
The gold was said to be in coins minted last spring to commemorate the 10th anniversary of Car-#ya reign but never issued. These Informants said the National Bank was considering the question of who holds title to the gold.
, IN GOLD COINS
It was said thAfc Carol had encountered difficulty with the Spanish government and that his passage through Spain to Portugal had been delayed. At the same time it was disclosed that the Rumanian government has taken steps to have Ernest Ur-darianu, who was minister of state without portfolio under Carol, returned to stand trial.
REG’LAR FELLERS - Is Pop’s Face Red?
Ey GENE BYRNES
gjyt «V
YESSIR, IT CERTAINLY I I I» WONDERFUL THE /} GADGETS THEY MAKE /| I FOR KIDS NOWADAYS/ / | I
HERE Y ARE, POPPA/ BETTER PUT ON MY' PLAY SUIT SO YA „ WON'T RUIN YOUR I > OWN CLOTHES/ J\
YOU QO GET YOUR ’LECTRIC TRAIN AN' J I'LL GET MINE AN' WE'LL PLAT RAILROAD/
m
t
MY OWN
FATHER/
\ WHdD A < THUNK j
f
a
9


#

0
\V
/

IT?



9
m
i*
r



#

e •
0
\
11
9

o
o
V\
k
i


11
=1


V*


-31
• »


###PAGE###3###
To Be Beautiful Follow Ten Rules
even definitely arouse suspicion In this place where feeling was running so high.	'—
fussed around anxiously, Bradish was bluntly rude to his now useless agent and Stanley was nerve usly on edge, There were several matters that were worrying him badly, and one of them was a thousand dollar bill. If they should catch Gano and find that bill on him, Stanley Bradish was going to have a bad time tryir. * to explain it.
The second day dragged out to ghastly length, but there was no trace of Lee, and :
Slanty Gano or Lawler.
to shake their heads. There
a
i
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!"
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH • 15*
Va-LB. ,‘LOK-TOPM TIN a/so packed in Pocket Tins
w
I L I K E MINE
The Archers
I L I K E MY TEA
tit
i
A
l
i
)

f
Famous Authority on Beauty Provides Women with Down-to-earth Suggestions forEn-hancing Attractiveness
65*

WEAK VSTRONG

m

yj
EITHER WAY
D


Cultivate good beauty habits while you are young. Set a pattern for remaining attractive through the years, then follow that pattern. It’s inevitable that you will form habits. Believe wholeheartedly that it takes less time and trouble In the long run to form good habits than to have to correct bad ones later."
That is the advice of a famous authority on beauty. Considering ten important points that enhance attractiveness, she offers specific suggestions regarding each.
1.	"Restore yourself to normal weight. If overweight, reduce. If underweight, build yourself up to normal for your height and age.
2.	"Learn to walk, sit and stand gracefully, avoiding jerky, awkward movements which signify lack of co-ordination.
3.	"To have poise you must learn to relax. And learning to relax is simply a triumph of mind over body.
•t. “Work until you know the
»



I
iVHS


ru
no sign of Men be-


«
ËSd> «
-
gan
were plenty of places around here where a man’s body might lie hidden for a score of years.
Only Virginia and one other refused to believe that Lee was dead. The other came at dusk and touched her arm shyly with a little brown hand.
Telltale
most becoming way of weaving your hair. Then take time to arrange It thta way each time you dress or apply fresh makeup.
5.	"Spend ten minutes a day on a simple complexion routine. I.earn to apply makeup skillfully. Never go to bed with makeup on your skin.
6.	"Do exercises to straighten backbone, elevate chest, flatten abdomen and lengthen neck. Leant to stand tall—proudly tall.
7.	"Be immaculately /lean and dainty from head to foot. Regardless of current fashions, it’s always smart to be feminine and perfectly groomed.
S. "Cultivate a pleasant voice. Learn to use the right word in the right place. Your voice and speech tell the world just about all* there is to • know about you.
9.	"Be polite, good-natured and courteous. Sulky expressions etch unpleasant lines firmly into the face. Being persistently bossy will give your mouth a tight, mean look.
10.	"Radiate charm. It can be acquired, you know.”
The kitchen’s full of the nicest sounds:
of pans, and ladies stirring, of dishes out, and kettles on, and egg-beaters a-whirring.
HILLS of DESTINY
by Agnes Louise Provost
“I not hate you any more. My heart it break for you, and for Lee. I help you fin’ heem.”
"Thank* Josefa.” Virginia held the small hand closely.
The kitchen'# full of the nicest smells:
of dinner in the making, of turkey on, and cranberries, and pumpkin pies a-baking.
The kitchen gives it all away, as sure as you are living— you never have to LOOK at all to know that it's Thanksgiving!
Ailcen L. Fisher.
had the grey car out and was slipping into the driver’s seat. Curly started t'o protest against her going, but stopped as he looked into a atony little face. He took the seat beside her. Biadish, on a restless impulse, got in also, followed by Stanley.
From far away Slanty Gano saw the rolling cloud of dust speeding out from the Valley of the Sun and resolving itself into a racing car.
Slanty had the eyes of a hawk. He saw that it was young Bra-dish’s car, but what was it doing there at this hour, and going at that rate of speed? And it was full. He turned back to deeper shelter, caught a sound and stiffened.
Horses! He dismounted, wormed his way to a point of vantage and peered.
SLANTY A FUGITIVE
Coining out of the mouth of Turkey Gulch were men. They were Circle V men and they rode with a purpose, scanning trail and hillside.
Crouched low in his covert between the rolling dust cloud and the riding men, with a deed in his pocket hearing the smeared imprint of a bloody thumb, Slanty knew that he was a fugitive.
# $ *
At the ranch house relations between the inmates were noticeably strained, but Virginia saw little of the others. They would all have departed gladly, but to leave just now might create an unpleasant impression or
Synopsis
Lee Hollister returns unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, hie foster father and owner of the Circle V ranch, dead
ïn the black tunnel of the Bonanza a gaunt shadow of a man lay. Years ago Don Luis' reckless mining had turned his own claim and Matt’s into a maze of intersecting tunnels, and through these Lee staggered and crawled, now fainting, now stumbling to his feet again, but somehow keeping a sense of direction in a head which one moment felt like a lump of lead and the next like a floating feather. He was hunting for a gleam of light or a breath of cool air, but neither came.
by him own hand. The ranch i* going to ruin and Matt’s daughter, Virginia, now owner of the ranch is living in New York with the Archers, her aunt and uncle. Her uncle wants her to sell the ranch to Milton Bradish, one time Matt’s associate. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley tries to discredit Lee in Virginia’s eyes. One evening, Josefa Ramirez, who is jealous of Lee’s interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and throws herself into his arms just as Virginia rides past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josef, and is •hot from ambush. Virginia becomes jealous of Lee and sells the ranch to Milton Bradish. Lee proposes to Virginia and she is
Lee
A School Frock With Classic Lines
Lies About Age
End in Mix-up
u
3442
SitES t-i<*
An attorney was presented with this problem last week in Tulsa, Okla.
“I'm 53 years old,” a woman told him, "but I’m married to a man who thinks. I'm only 39. I've got a son 36 years old, but to make my story stick, we dropped some years off his age.
"Now, my son has to register for the draft unless he tells him correct age. If he does that I’ll have to claim he was born whe I was three years old. What sha I do?”
The attorney suggested a family truth session.

m

».
SINKING INTO UNCONSCIOUSNESS Presently he lost all sense of He did not know that it the noon of the second day
Beaver Colony
Draws Tourists
â
/
time.
was
which found him back at the place where Slanty had left him.
Even as he worked, men were passing through Turkey Gulch, less than a hundred yards away. One of the deputies looked up at the yawning black hole.
"No chance of anybody hiding in the old Bonanza, is there?”
Curly shook his head. "I was up there yesterday with the sheriff. Ye can't get but a little ways in. Both tunnels is blocked by cave-
Maybe the beavers have just found out about the law passed some years ago forbidding trapping and hunting in the district. Morrisburg, Ont., residents wish they had learned about it sooner.
For the first time in 75 years, a colony of beavers made its appearance at a small poplar-lined stream near the town this summer and they have been a first-class attraction for United States tourists and Canadians alike since.
S
sorry she sold the ranch, tries to get it back and tells Bradish that Matt Blair gave him a half interest in it, making Virginia's sale illegal. Lee disappears and a search is begun for him.
Nazi Women Cut
Hair for Clothes
CHAPTER XXIII
By the time she had reached a side door and flung it open the sounds of activity were already coming from the bunk house. There was a man there on a horse —and other men were tumbling out of the door half dressed and gathering around him. She herself was running now with leaden weights dragging at her feet.
It was Brimstone, glistening with the sweat of hard riding, but the man just dismounting from him was Francisco Ramirez.
Curly came running. He talked rapidly, giving her the blunt truth. "It's Lee. Francisco was goin' home late and he saw Brimstone in front of the cabin all saddled, but no sign of Lee. Francisco went up and found the cabin empty and blood on the saddle.”
"Do you suspect anyone, Curly?”
"We’re looking first for Lawler and Slanty Gano. They both held grudges against Lee, and they’d better hunt up their alibis right now.”
Bradish and Stanley had hurried out and were at her elbow. Stanley had a sickly look in the paling moonlight. The riding men streamed down the valley. Virginia turned to Stanley. MEN SCANNING THE TRAIL
"The ranch car is in the repair shop. We’ll have to take yours. I’m going to drive it myself.”
In a few moments Virginia
ins.
The Rome newspaper “Popoio dTtalia” reports from Berlin that the campaign appealing to German women to sacrifice their hair is meeting with increasing success.
In the Thuringia district, it is stated, women provide 400 tons of hair. What will be done with it! It will make socks and warm clothing for the troops, because Germany is short of wool.
Back in the
' They rode on. rubble-choked tunnel the digging hands had stopped. Lee was sinking down, down, into that deadening coma of weakness and exhaustion.
Horn-toot Love Call Ruled Out by Mayor
Salt Lake City’s mayor, Ab Jenkins, proclaimed the unnecessary blowing of automobile horns a misdeameanor.
“The auto horn should be used as a warning—not a love call,” he said.
(To Be Continued)
A
Table Talks
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
*
EXIT MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES!
By Louise Lennox
This shirtwaist style dress for your daughter to wear to school is attractive and appropriate in plaid fabric. The lines are one of the favorite styles of the school girl’s age. The convertible collar can be worn open or buttoned high at the neck. Pleats in the skirt give it fullness with a tailored took. Use this same pattern to make several dresses. Solid color fabric with white collar and cuffs is another pleasing combination.
Style No. 3442 is designed for sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. Size 8 requires 3 yards of 39-ins. material for long sleeved dress.
Send Twenty Cents (Coin preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name,, address and style number. Be sure to stpte size you wish.
x

>\

r r.

BP
r/
4
W
¦0.
I
P
Hüh

\
à



V
*
,0
!
À
\r

*
V
m
w
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Let us be truly thankful for our homes, country and a nation determined to stand defending the heritage of liberty and tradition, that all might have the right to give thanks as a people and indivdiually. Is not all that sufficient to make us more thankful than we have ever been before in spite of war clouds and much sadness throughout the world?
For the Thanksgiving Menu, 1 have aimed at simplicity, economy, and a purely Canadian dinner, for how better can we show patriotism than by helping the Canadian producer?
Thanksgiving Dinner Menu
Cream of Tomato Soup Roast Chicken
Creamed Mashed Potatoes — Mashed Turnips — Giblet Gravy Chopped Carrot, Celery and Cucumber served on Lettuce Apple Trifle Pie, Pears, Apples and Grapes .
' Beverage of Choice.
JOE: I’ve got to quit this job, Jim—it's got my nerves all shot—they’re so bad I can’t sleep and I’ve been suffering a lot from indigestion lately.
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Attaboy! Let the wife go out to work for a change!
our
A
\

My JOB IS TO 1
HELP you IN yOUR,
COOKING PROBLEMS
/
Savoury Dressing
TBs F
LEARN
Shorthand
and
Typewriting


Salad
Dessert
MR. CAHhiNE NERVES:	JIM: Maybe it’s that coffee you’re always drinking, Joe
— giving you caffeine nerves. Why don’t you try Postum for awhile ! You'll see a big difference !
Look out! — Here comes the old fallJh erly advice!
S v


Mix thoroughly, then fold in your favorite salad dressing, on lettuce and top with a little chopped parsley.
Apple Surprise Pie
Prepare apples by peeling, coring and quarter. Take 6 medium sized apples preparation steam, which will take from 15 min. to 30 min., according to kind of apple. When soft, run through sieve — sweeten to taste, also add 1 teaspoon of candied ginger, chopped, chill. Beat the whites of 3 eggs until stiff and fold into the apple mixture. Have ready and bake a pastry shell (nine inch); when it is just about finished baking before the delicate brown appears into it the apple mixture. Return to oven and bake until edge is the delicate brown. Serve with whipped cream ed warm.
A novel and seasonal centre piece can be made from a pumpkin cut basket shape with handle and filled with fruit of menu — grapes, apples and pears.
Savoury Dressing
2 cups of fine bread crumbs 2 cups of canned corn 1 tablespoon onion chopped 1 teaspoon poultry dressing seasoning *4 teaspoon salt H teaspoon pepper %/t cup milk 1 tablespoon butter
Soak bread crumbs in thy milk, then add corn and seasoning, mixing well. Melt butter and add last.
Salad

In spare time at home
Present day condition* offer increasing opportunities for young women an Stenographers. Bookkeepers and Office Workers. Write today for particulars of the
Serve

SSE
30 DAYS LATER -



SHAW
HOME STUDY METHOD
after the above
N
The Shaw plan of instruction enables you to roaster Shorthand and Typewriting at home, i n spare time. We supply special text books (either Pitman or Gregg System fund the use of a standard machine— for ft period When Course in Home Study is complete the student may then attend, if desired. Shaw Day Schools to perfect speed and pass Diploma ex iminations.
Other Home Study Courues are available to enable students to meet the growing demand for trained office help—Bookkeeping, Secretarial. Business Practice. Fit yourself for a well-paid office position through SHAW HOME STUDY COURSES. Write today for Catalogue.
I
«rfM
Vt
of 3 month*
Chopped Carrot, Celery and Cucumber
Chop or i un through food mincer the carrots, measuring 2 cups when minced, % cup minced cucumber, cup chopped celery, 1 tablespoon of chopped onion.
JOE: You were right, Jim—I switched to Postum for MR. CAFFEINE NERVES; a month and feel like a new man—no more caffeine nerves for me ! I’m sticking to Postum !
• Many people can safely drink tea and coffee.
Many others—and all children — should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum's 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for ont month. Then, if you do not feel better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cobourg, Ontario, and we'll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.
u
12
Gangway!— Postum always chases me!
3Se

I
r V«0
tui n
BUSINESS
SCHOOLS
SHAW
MRS. AITKEN, famous Cooking Authority, directe ÂÆÊ the Canada Starch W Home Service De-\W partaient, a help-r ful service offering a wide range of valuable Coating and other Booklets FREE. Write now for the
pio recipe for every week a Crown Brand label anil
»io
Head Office
f>
CAanteel&i
Slow Burning Ku
#
- - •

should be serv-
1130 Bay St.
Dept. W

TORONTO
m
CIGARETTE PAPERS
booklet "52 Pie” in the year. Enclose •end to: Canada Starch Home Service Dept 49 Wellington Street East, Toronto.
ISSUE 41—’40
NONE FINIR WADt
automatic
booklet
DOUBLE
THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
B
• «Aft*
/
###PAGE###4###
Complete Prize List Shawville Fair
Jane and December.-C»ri^ ^ ^
weeds on the It was
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE, OCT. 17, 1940
left ovei till next meeting.	,	. . wa,
jHsSîî » SHSb: b, ww
property. This request was granted. JIai ' m injorQ,m
Carried*	l° r°^ divi8ion’ j h. I. Smith, stamps and record
A letter was read from the Department of Agriclture offering a grant for ditching on concessions 4 and 5. As Professor Hemphill’s services have been acquired on this ditch and we have not received a report from Professor Hemphill, we respectfully request that this grant be carried over to 1941.
A complaint came to the Board from the foreman of road division No. 19, re.
& Sons; 2. Art Kilgour; 3. N. D. Kil-gour & Sons.
Milch Cow Grade Jer. or Guer.—l.
Melvin Younge; 2. Leonard Horner. Herd.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. Fred Horner; 3. N. D. Kilgour & Sons.
SHEEP Class 24 Hampshiredown
Ewe Aged.—1. Claude Elliott.
Ewe One Shear.—1. Claude Elliott. E~o Lamb.—1. Claude Elliott.
Ram Aged.—
Ram Yr. Old—1. Claude Elliott.
Ram Lamb.—1. Claude Elliott.
Pen of Sheep.—1. Claude Elliott.
Class 28, Oxfordown.
Ewe Aged—1. Roland Graham; 2.
David McDowell; 3. Alf Elliott.
Ewe One Shear—1. Alf Elliott; 2. Roland Graham.
Ewe Lamb.—1. Alf Elliott; 2. Roland Graham; 3. David McDowell.
Ram Aged—1. Llewelyn Hodglns; 2.
Alf. Elliott Ram Yr. Old.—1. David McDowell; 2 Roland Graham! 3. Dwight Me Dowell.
Ram Lamb.—1. Roland Graham; 2 Alf Elliott; 3. Llewelyn Hodglns. Pen of Sheep.—1. Roland Graham; 2 Alf Elliott.
Fred Horner.
Senior Champion, 2 yrs. or over.—1
S.	W. MacKechnie & Sons.
Junior Champion under 2 yrs
T.	Dagg & Son.
Grand Champion.—1. S. W. MacKech nie & Sons.
Cow, 4 yrs. or over (in milk).—1. 8. W MacKechnie & Sons.
Cow under 4 yrs. (in milk)
T. Dagg & Son; 2. Fred Horner.
Dry Cow, 3 yrs. or over.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. S. W. MacKechnie
& Sons.	„ „
Heifer, 2 yrs —1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 3.
Fred Horner.
Heifer, 1 yr. (Senior).—1. S. W. Mac-Keehnte & Sons.
Heifer, 1 yr. (Junior).—1. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 2. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 3. Fred Horner.
Heifer Calf (Senior).—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons. Heifer Calf (Junior).—1. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 2 Fred Horner; 3. Geo. Meldrum.
Senior Champion, Female.—1. S. W.
MacKechnie & Sons.
Junior Champion, Female.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son.
Grand Champion, Female.—1. S. W.
MacKechnie & Sons.
Herd.—1. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 2. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 3. Fred Horner.
Three Animals, Get of 1 Sire.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 3. Fred Horner. Two Animals, Progeny of 1 Cow.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son: 2 S. W. MacKechnie & Sons; 3. Fred Horner.
Class 16.
Registered Jersey.
Bull, 2 yrs. or over.—1. Melvin Younge. Bull, 1 yr.—1. Leonard Horner.
Bull Calf (Junior).—1. Melvin Younge. Senior Champion, 2 yrs. or over.—1. Melvin. Younge.
Junior Champion, under 2 yrs.—1. Leonard Horner.
Grand Champion—1. Melvin Younge; Cow, 4 yrs. or over (in milk).—1. Leonard Horner.
Cow under 4 yrs. (in milk).—1. Melvin Younge.
Dry Cow, 3 yrs. or over.—1. Leonard Horner.
Heifer. 2 yrs —1. Win. Lucas ; 2. Melvin Younge; 3. Leonard Horner.
Heifer. 1 yr. (Senior).—1. Melvin Younge; 2. Leonard Horner.
Heifer. 1 yr. (Junior).—1. Melvin Younge; 2. Leonard Horner.
Heifer Calf (Senior).—1. Leonard Horner.
Heifer Calf (Junior).—1. Melvin Younge; 2. Wm. Lucas.
Senior Champion. Female.—1. Leonard Horner.
Grand Champion, Female.—1. Melvin Younge.
Herd.—1. Melvin Younge, 2. Leonard Horner.
Three Animals, Get of 1 Sire.—V Leonard Horner.
Two Animals. Progeny of 1 Cow—1. Leonard Horner.
HORSES Class 1.
Clydes and Shires.
Mare and Foal.—Keith Bulmer.
Foal of Season.—Keith Bulmer.
Colt or Filly, 1 yr—1. Keith Bulmer;
2. Claude Young.
Filly. 2 yr.—1. Keith Bulmer.
Single Mare, 3 yrs.—1. Claude Young;
2.	Keith Bulmer; 3. Moses Chevrier. Pair Horses.—1. Moses Chevrier.
Class 7.
Standard Bred.
Colt or Filly, 1 yr—1. Allan Horner. Filly or Gelding, 2 yrs.
Class 3.
Heavy Draft.
Mare and Foal.—1. H. Dalton Russell. Foal of Season.—1. H. Dalton Russell. Colt or Filly, 1 yr.—1. H. Dalton Russell; 2. Norval Wilson.
Filly or gelding. 2 yrs—1. Iverson Harris; 2. G. A. Howard.
Single Mare or Gelding, 3 yrs—1. Smart Bros.; 2. Jas. T. Cuthbertson;
3.	H. Dalton Russell.
Pair Horses.—1. W. G. Corrigan.
Class 4.
Agricultural Horses.
Mare and Foal.—1. H. Sinclair ;	2.
3. Robt.
that
1940 Canada Year Book
1. Geo
The publication of the 1940 edition of the Canada Year Book, published by authorization of the James A. MacKinnon, Minister of Trade and Cot,,-merce is announced by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. The Canada Y ear Book is the official statistical annual of the country and contains a throughly up to-date account of the natural resources of the Dominion and their development, the history of thecountry,its institutions its demography, the different branches of production, trade, transport finance, fÜI	in brief a com prehen-
$ 10 00
2 00
1. Geo
4 75
38 13 156 10
Imperial Oil Company, road oil Labor on Municipal ditch on
Concession 2.
Allan Abbott, for services rendered .......; • •
Wm. McG. Russell, services
re Board of Health .. ..	10 jO
Also that Dr. Hudson’s bill be held
insist#
plained verbally about the ditch on , 6,	^ 30f 33| 34, 35,
in same.—Carried.	qd motion of Cr Henderson the meet-
91 00
4 50
education, etc.	HLJj |
study within the limits of a single
volume of the social and economic condition of the Dominion. This new edition bas been thoroughly revised throughout (uid includes in all its chapters the latest information available up to the date of going to press.
The 1940 Canada Year Book extends to over 1,200 pages, dealing with all phases of the national life and more especially with those susceptible of statistical measurement. A statistical summary of the progress of Canada is included in the introductory matter. This gives a picture in figures of the remarkable progress which the country has made since the first census of the Dominion was taken in 1871, sixty-eight years ago.
Special Articles—In Chapter IX— Forestry—there appears at pp. 251- 258 aud article on Canadian Forest Resources : Their relation to the War of 19141918 and to the Present Effort ; and at pp. 298-309, Chapter VII—Mines and Mineral—a special treatment entitled The Development of Canada’s Mineral Resources in relation to the Present War Effort is given along with the Special War Chronology at pp. 36-40 (carried down to July 8, 1940, in Appendix I) and in conjunction with the revisions of the general chapter material, reflect the economic and other adjustments that are now under way.
Other New Features—Attention is called to some of the more important additional features of the present volume.
sive
over
«
Newton Lewis & Son Walsh.
Foal of Season.—1. H. Sinclair ; l Newton Lewis & Son; 3. Art. Kil
Class 29, Southdown.
Ewe Aged.—1. David McDowell.
Ewe One Shear.—1. David McDowell. Ewe Lamb—1. David McDowell.
Ram Aged.—1. David McDowell.
Ram Lamb.—1. David McDowell.
Class 31, Cheviot Ewe Aged —Jas. McBane.
Ewe One Shear.—1. Jas. McBane. Ewe Lamb.—1. Jas. McBane.
Ram Aged —1. Jas. McBane. •
Ram Yr. Old.—1. Jas. McBane.
Ram Lamb.—
Pen of Sheep.—1. Jas. McBane.
Class 32, Grade
Ewe Aged.—1. J. R McDowell; 2. J. R. McDowell; 3. Llewelyn Hodglns.
Ewe One Shear—1. Claude Elliott; 2. Dwight McDowell; 3. Llewelyn Hodglns.
Ewe Lamb.—1. J. R. McDowell; 2.
Claude Elliott; 3. Llewelyn Hodglns. Pen of Sheep.—1. Claude Elliott; 2. Llewelyn Hodglns; 3. David McDowell.
Market Lamb —1. Claude Elliott; 2. Llewelyn Hodglns; 3. Dwight McDowell.
gour.
Colt or Filly, 1 yr—1. Llewelyn Hod-
3. Manson
2. Smart Bros
gins
Motion by Crs Fitzsimmon-Hender .	.	,
that in future all bills for gravel, in8 a(1J0U atones, sand and fill for municipal purposes be paid twice yearly, namely in
McDowell.
Filly or Gelding, 2 yrs.—1. Norval Wil son; 2. Robt. Walsh.
Single Mare or Gelding. 3 yrs—1
2. Douglas Fulford;
son
H. I. Smith
Sec.-Treas,
Smart Bros 3. Thos. Bean; 4. Robt. Walsh.
Pair Horses—1. L. A. Smart; 2 Daw Armstrong; 3. Newton Lewis & Son; 4. Duncan Murdock.
Class 5.
son
Egg Production
Winter
General Purprose.
Mare and Foal—1. Thos. Bean; 2. Wm. Howard.
Foal of Season.—1. Wm. Howard ; 2.
Thos. Bean; 3. Claude Young.
Colt or Filly. 1 yr —1. Geo. Knox. Filly or Gelding. 2 yrs.—1. Manson McDowell; 2. Geo. Knox.
Single Mare or Gelding. 3 yrs.—1. Wm.
Moore; 2. Thos. Bean.
Pair Horses—1. B. Bealieu;-2. Milton McGuire; 3. Claude Young.
Class 6.
Heavy Stallions.
Clyde or Shire, 4 yrs.—1. J A Horner;
2. G. A. Howard.
Clyde or Shire. 3 yrs.
Clyde or Shire. 2 yrs.—1. Jas. A.
Tracy; 2. R. J. Lucas.
Percheron, 4 yrs.—1. Ellard Johnston,
B. C.
These features

» •

0*
Winter egg production can easily
J
SWINE
Class 34	!
Yorkshire
Boar, Aged.—1. Harold Hodglns.
Sow. Aged.—1. Claude Elliott.
Sow of Season—1. Melvin Younge; 2. Claude Elliott.
Boar of Season.—1. Melvin Younge.
Class 37—Tamworth Boar, Aged.—1. Ken Woods ; 2. Melvin Younge.
Sow Aged —1. Ken Woods ; 2. Claude Eliott; 3. Melvin Younge.
Sow of Season.—1. Llewelyn Hodglns;
2.	Claude Elliott.
Boar of Season —1. Claude Elliott; 27 Llewelyn Hodglns.
Class 39—Grade
Breeding Sow, 6 Mos. and Over.—1. Robert Walsh; 2. Walter Kilgour; 3. Harold Hodglns.
Breeding Sow. Under 6 Mos.—1. Robert Walsh; 2. Harold Hodglns;
3.	Ken Woods.
Bacon Hog, 160 to 200 Lbs —1. Harold Hodgins; 2. Claude Elliott; 3. Robert Walsh.
be maintained by starting your
Fades’ Eggslent
TOO LATE
laying birds on Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and
General Douglas MacArthur, former United States army chief of staff, has cabled this momentous nfes sage from Manila to the Committee to Defend America by aiding the allies, New York:-
Ké
2. Gordon Richardson; 3
Laying Mash or feeding to your bird until Spring
Horner
Class 6A.
Belgian Stallions.
Belgian. 4 yrs—1. G. A. Howard.
Class 9.
Coach or Carriage.
Mare and Foal.—1. Art Kilgour.
Foal of Season.—1. Art. Kilgour.
Colt or Filly. 1 yr.—1. Art. Kilgour; 2. Wm. Moore.
Filly or Gelding. 2 yrs—1. Art. Kilgour. Single Mare or Gelding, 3 yrs—1. W. J. Smith.
Pair Horses—1. Eldrid Mee; 2. Gerald Sparling.
For those who have an abundance of grains and
wish to mix their own Laying Mash
plete stock of Shur Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
“You have asked my military opinion as to whether the time has come for America to give continued and further aid to England in the fight for civiliz. ation The history of failure in war can almost be summed up in two words, too late. Too late in comprehending the deadly purpose of a potential enemy. Too late in realizeng the moral danger. Too late in preparedness. Too late in uniting all possible forces for resistance. Too late in standing with one’s friends.
“Victory in war results from no mysterious alchemy or wizardy, but entirely upon the concentration of superior force at the critical points of combat. To face an adversary in detail has been the prayer of every conquerer in history. It is the secret of the past successes of the axis powers. In this war it is their main hope for continued and ultimate victory. The greatest strategical mistake in all history will be made if America fails to recognize the vital moment, if | she permits again the writing of that epitaph ‘too late’. Such co-ordinated help as may be regarded as proper by leaders should be synchronized with the British effort so the English speaking peoples of the World will not be broken in detail. The vulnerability of singleness will disappear before unity of effort not too late, not tomorrow, but today.”
we carry a
com
Class 15.
Registered Holsteins.
Bull. 3 yrs. or over.—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Art. Kilgour.
Bull, 1 yr.—1. Iverson Harris; 2. Leonard Horner.
Bull Calf (Senior).—1. Iverson Harris. Bull Calf (Junior).—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Iverson Harris Senior Champion, 2 yrs. or over.—1.
N. D. Kilgour & Sons.
Junior Champion, under 2 yrs.—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons.
Grand Champion.—1. N. p. Kilgour & Sons.
Cow. 4 yrs. or over (in milk ».—1. C. • Brownlee & Sons; 2. Iverson Harris; 3. N. D. Kilgour & Sons.
Cow Under 4 Yrs. (in Milk).—1. Art Kilgour; 2. Iverson Harris.
Dry Cow, 3 Yrs. or Over.—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Iverson Harris; 3. Art Kilgour.
Heifer, 2 Yrs.—1. Iverson Harris; 2.
Art Kilgour; 3. Leonard Horner. Heifer, 1 Yr. (Senior).—1. Iverson Harris; 2. Art Kilgour.
Heifer, 1 yr. (Junior).—1. Art Kilgour; 2. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 3. Iverson Harris.
Heifer Calf (Senior).—1. Art Kilgour. Heifer Calf (Junior).—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Art Kilgour; 3. Iverson Harris.
Senior Champion, Female Brownlee & Sons.
Junior Champion, Female.—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons.
Grand Champion, female.—1. C. Brownlee & Sons.
Herd.—1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Art Kilgour; 3. Iverson Harris.
Three Animals, Get of One Sire.— 1. Art Kilgour, 2. N. D. Kilgour 6 Sons; 3. Iverson Harris.
Two Animals, PiDgeny of One Cow.— 1. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 2. Iverson Harris.
fattening poultry for market, S hur
birds that
If you are
Gain Fattening March will give your milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost
Class 10
Roadsters.
Mare and Foal.—1. Smart Bros Foal of Season Single Mare or Gelding, 3 yrs—1 Lloyd Horner; 2. Geo. Telford.
Pair Horses.—1. W. J. Smith; 2. A. R Smiley; 3. Geo. Knox.
Class 11.
Ponies.
Single Mare or Gelding, 3 yrs —1. Wm Moore; 2. Wm. Moore.
Class 1.
Standard Bred, 4 yrs. and up—1. B. C Horner.
1. Smart Bros
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
POULTRY
Class 40
B.P.R Cock—1. David McDowell; 2 Claude Elliott; 3. Art Wiggins.
B.P.R. Hen.—1. David McDowell; 2 Claude Elliott; 3. Art Wiggins.
B.P.R Cockerel.—1. Mrs. B. Fitz slmmons; 2. Harold Hodglns; 3 David McDowell.
B.P.R. Pullet—1. Harold Hodglns; 2 Leonard Horner: 3. David McDowell
W.P.R. Cock—1. Art Mulligan; 2 Harold, Hammond; 3. David Me Dowell. .
W.P.R. Hen.—1. David McDowell; 2 Art Mulligan; 3. Harold Hammond
W.P.R. Cockerel—1. Art Mulligan; 2 Leonard Horner; 3. Harold Ham mond.
W.P.R. Pullet—1. Harold Hammond; 2. Leonard Horner; 3. Art Mulligan
A.O.V. P R. Cock.—1 Hammond.
A.O.V. PR. Hen.—2. Harold Ham mond; 3. Ray Hobln.
Wh. Wyan., Cock—1. Art Mulligan
Harold Ham
CATTLE Class 18.
Registered Shorthorn.
Bull, 3 yrs. or over.—1. Wm. Lucas;
2. J. R. McDowell.
Bull. 2 yrs.
Bull, 1 yr.—1. Newton Lewis & Son;
2. Norval Wilson.
Bull Calf, Sr.
Bull Calf, Jr.—1. Llewelyn Hodglns;
2.	Wm. Lucas; 3. J. R. McDowell. Sr. Champ., 2 yrs. or over —1. Wm.
Lucas.
Jr. Champ., under 2 yrs.—1. Newton Lewis & Son.
Grand Champion.—1. Newton Lewis & Son.
Cow, 4 yrs. or over (in milk).—1. A. A. Armstrong; 2. Llewelyn Hodglns;
3.	Norval Wilson.
Cow, under 4 yrs. (in milk).—1. Norval Wilson; 2. J. R McDowell; 3. Wm. Lucas.
Dry Cow. 3 yrs. or over.—1. Wm. Lucas Heifer, 2 yrs—1. J. R McDowell; 2. Norval Wilson.
Heifer, 1 yr. (Senior).—1. J R McDowell.
Heifer, 1 yr Lewis & Son; 2. Llewelyn Hodglns;
3. Wm. Lucas.
Heifer, Calf (Senior).—1. J. R Me Dowell.
Heifer Calf (Junior).—1. J R Me
3. A. A
Hodglns Garage
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
2.Harold
Sept 13, 1940
A regular meeting of South Onslow School Commissioners held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present were, J H Henderson, chairman; Commissioners Amm, Poole and Inglee.
On motion of Comr Poole the minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read.
On motion of Comr Amm, the Sec.-Tress, was asked to procure desk copies for the teachers.
On motion of Comr Inglee tbcfollow-mg bills were ordered paid :
E A Pritchard supplies to No. t $ 5 91 E Hamilton, work at No. 3 ...
Wool worths, school supplies to No. 3 .........................
The Board agreed to give free schooling in grades 1 to 8 for any refugee children.
The Sec.-Treas. was instructed to write the Department for permission to have Grade 8 taught in No. 4 School, there being no 6th Grade.
On motion of Comr Poole the meeting then adjourned.
1. C
\
x
Wh. Wyan., Hen.—1 mond; 2. R. A Hodglns.
Wh. Wyan. Cockerel.—1. Art Mulligan; 2. Harold Hammond.
Wh. Wyan. Pullet —1. Art Mulligan.
R.I.R. Cock—1. Art Mulligan. ,
R.I.R. Hen.—1. Harold Hammond; 2 Art Wiggins.
R.I.R. Cockerel.—1. Art Mulligan; 2 David McDowell; 3. Harold Ham mond.
R.I.R. Pullet.—1. Art Mulligan
3. David Me
9
X
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
x
\
(Junior).—1. Newton
2
18 00
Class 21
Beef Strain Grade
Heifer 2 yr —1. A. A. Armstrong; 2. Norval Wilson.
Heifer 1 yr.—1. Wm. Lucas; 2. A. A.
Armstrong; 3. Norval Wilson.
Heifer Calf 6 to 12 mo —1. A. A.
Armstrong; 2. Norval Wilson.
Heifer Calf under 6 mo.—1. A. A. Armstrong; 2. Wm. Lucas; 3. Norval Wilson.
Milch Cow.—1. Wm. Lucas ; 2. A A. Armstrong; 3. Norval Wilson.
2. J. R Me- Herd.—1. Wm. Lucas; 2. A. A. Armstrong; 3. Norval Wilson.
Class 22 Dairy Grade
Heifer 2 yr.—1. Geo. T Dagg 6 Son; 2. N. D. Kilgour & Sons; 3. Leonard Horner.
Heifer 1 yr.—1. Geo T Dagg & Son;
2. Fred Horner; 3. Leonard Horner. Heifer Calf Sr.-
Heifer Calf Jr —1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son;. 2. Manson McDowell; 3 Leonard Horner.
Milch Cow, Grade Ayr.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2. Fred Horner; 3. S. W. MacKechnie & Sons.
Kechnie & Sons; 2. Geo. Meldrum; 3. Milch Cow, Grade Hoi.—1. C. Brownlee
Used ears
Harold Hammond
Dowell.
Jersey B1
Hobln; 2. Harold Hammond.
Jersey Bl. Giants, Hen.—1. Art Mul 2. Harold Hammond; 8. Rsy
1 65
Ray
Giants, Cock.—1
and Trucks
2. Wm. Lucas
Dowell Armstrong.
Senior Champion, Female.—1. A. A Armstrong.
Junior Champion, Female —1. Newton Lewis & Son.
Grand Champion, Female.—1. A. A. Armstrong
Herd —1. Wm. Lucas Dowell; 3. A. A. Armstrong.
Three Animals, Get of 1 Sire.—1. Wm Lucas; 2. J. R McDowell.
Two Animals, Progeny of 1 Cow —1 Norval Wilson; 2. J. R. McDowell; 3. Wm. Lucas.
ligan;
Hobln.
Buff O. Hen.—1. David McDowell; Z Selsley Howard.
Buff O Cockerel.—1. Harold Ham mond; 2 Art Mulligan.
Buff O. Pullet.—1. Harold Hammond;
2. Art Mulligan.
Sussex Any Variety
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
1934 —Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Jos. A. Steklb Sec.-Treas
Cock —1. Carl
Sussex A V. Hen.—1. Mrs. R Fitzsimmons
2 Ray Hobln; 3. Carl Dale.
Sussex A V Cockerel.—1. Art Mul gan; 2. Carl Dale.
Sussex AY. Pullet.—1. Art Mulligan, 2. Carl Dale.
Bra. AY Hen.—1. Leonard Horner.
AV Cockerel.—1 Leonard Horner; 2. Art Mulligan Bra. AY. Pullet —
Wh. Leghorn Cock.—1
One
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Bequest
Call today and beat the high price
Dale
Bristol Council
Oct. 7, 1940
Regular session of the Municipal 'Council held on above date. Present, Mayor McLellan and Councillors Orr, McNeill, Henderson and Fitzsimmons.
The minutes of last regular meeting read and on motion of Crs. McNeill Fitzsimmons were adopted.
A petition was presented from % ‘number of ratepayers asking for a culvert on the Rosa Point Ro*d. Th .a was
Class 17.
Registered Ayrshire.
Bull, 3 yrs. or over.—1. S. W. Me-Kechnie & Sons,
Bull, 1 yr.—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son; 2 Fred. Horner.
Bull Calf (Senior).—1. Geo. T. Dagg & Son.
Bull Calf (Junior).—1. S. W. Mac
J. L,. HODGINS
Bra
1. Art Mulligan.
David Me
>
Phone 64 J.
Continuai! on Page 5


X<AJV!> i'_r>	,i A ^ A.4Wv*y‘t«

A
A


rv wn -/vXH./x*
-r % 4*


r*'
.




###PAGE###5###
4
O'Reilly.
Single Mitts.—1. Mrs. F\ H. Cornu; 2 Jimmie Armstrong; 3. Mrs. J. J O'Reilly.
Palmer; 2. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 3.
F. J. Smart.
A.O.V. Pullet.—1. Llewelyn Hodglns; | Baby Pillow, Emb.—1. Mrs. Heman
Elliott; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr.
Afternoon Tea Cloth, Wh. Emb.—1.1 Woollen Sox. Kn Mrs. Heman Elliott; 2. F. J. Smart 3. Ray | Afternoon Tea Cloth, Cross Stitch.
1. Jimmie Armstrong; 2. Mrs. F. H. I Woollen Stockings, Kn.—1. Mrs. F. H Cornu; 3. Mrs. Lennis Barr.	Cornu; 2. Mrs. J. J. O'Reilly.
Afternoon Tea Cloth Cut Work.—1.1 Woollen Double Mitts.—1. Mrs. J. J Mrs. Heman Elliott; 2. Mrs. F. J Smart.
Luncheon Set.—1. Mrs. Lang. Strutt;
2. Geo. Palmer; 3. Jimmie Arm

gins; 2. Harold Hammond; 3. Art Mulligan.
ê è * â j» -àé ê ê 'é
Prize List
October Specials
Dowell.
Wh. Leg. Hen.—1. Art Mulligan; 2 Leonard Horner; 3. Geo. Meldrum;

2. Harold Hodgina; 3. Art Mulligan
Miscellaneous
Pigeons A.V. Cock.—1. Harold Ham mond; 2. Wm. Howard Hobln.
Pigeons A.V. Hen.—1. Harold Ham mond; 2. Carl Dale; 3. Ray Hobln.
Rabbits Chincilla Buck.—1. Carl Dale Rabbits Chincilla Doe.—1. Carl Dale;
2. Ray Hobln.
Rabbits, White Buck.—1. Art Mulligan Rabbits, White Doe.—1. Harry Hod gins; 2. Art Mulhgan.
Poultry
Boys and Girls 16 Yrs. and Under
Trio Com. Br. Rock.—1. Carl Dale.
Trio. Comm. Leghorns.—1. John Cun ningham; 2. Carl Dale.
Trio Comm. A.O.V.—1. Harry Hodgins; | Centre Piece, Cut Work.—1. Mrs. He-1 Afghan Cro.—1. Mrs. J. J. O'Reilly; 2
man Elliott; 2. F. J. Smart.	Mrs. Heman Elliott; 3. Mrs. F. H
Knitted Lace New.—1. Mrs. F. H. I Cornu.
Cornu; 2. Clarence Dean; 3. Elvyn | Quilt, Cotton Quilted.—1. R. A Hod Corrigan
3 Doylies, Tatted.—1. Mrs. Secil Sly. I Seeil Sly.
Honey in Glass.—1. Reugen Smith; 2. | Spec. Irish Cro—1. F. J. Smart; 2. | Quilt, Woollen Quilted.—1. Mrs. He
man Elliott; 2. Mrs. Robt. Fitzsim
:
1. Mrs. J. J O'Reilly; 2. Jimmie Armstrong; 3 Mrs. Lennis Barr.


4 Harold Hammond.
Wh. Leg. Cockerel. — 1. David McDowell; 2. Claude Elliott; 3. Geo. Meldrum; 4. Leonard Horner.
Wh. Leg Pullet.—1. Geo. Meldrum; 2. David McDowell; 3. Claude Elliott; (. Leonard Horner.
A.O.V. Leg Cock.—1. David McDowell; 2. Ray Hobln; 3. Carl Dale; 4. Leonard Horner.
A.O.V. Le. Hen.—1. David McDowell;
2. Ray Hobln; 3. Carl Dale.
A.O.V. Leg. Cockerel.—1. Art Mulligan. A.O.V. Leg. Pullet.—1. David McDowell; 2. Art Mulligan.	,
Mlnorcas, Cock.—1. Geo. Knox; 2. Harold Hammond.
Mlnorcas, Hen.—1. Geo. Knox; 2. Art Mulligan; 3. Harold Hammond.
Min. Cockerel.—1. Harold Hammond;
2. Ray Hobln; 3. Art Mulligan.
Min. Pullet—1. Harold Hammond; 2.
Ray Hobln; 3. Leonard Horner.
AV Game Bantam, Cock.—1. Ken Woods; 2. Vertal Smiley; 3. Ray Hobln; 4 Carl Dale.
A.V. Game Bant. Hen.—1. Geo. Knox; 2 Carl Dale; 3. Ray Hobln; 4. Leonard Horner.
A.V Game Bant. Cockerel.—Ray Hobln, 2. Thos. Bean; 3. Harry Hodgins; 4. Geo. Knox.
A.V. Game Bant. Pullet.—1. Harry Hodgins; 2. Geo. Knox; 3. Ray Hobln; 4. Carl Dale.
A V. Ornamental Bant.	Cock —1.
David McDowell; 2. Ray Hobln.
A.V. Orn. Bant. Hen.—1. David McDowell; 2. Wm. Howard; 3. Ray Hobln.
A.V. Orn. Bant. Cockerel—1. Ken Woods; 2. Selsley Howard; 3. Art Mulligan.
A.V Orn. Bant. Pullet.—1. Art Mul
2. Ken Woods; 3. Selsley
Outstanding values in good quality Hosiery.
All the latest shades for Fall in Allan A. Hosiery
From 69c to 79c
Jv

i
1
O’Reilly; 2. Mrs. F. H. Cornu; 3. Mrs. Secil Sly.
Gent's Shirt, Machine Made.—1. Mrs. J. J. O'Reilly; 2. Mrs. L. Angus; 3. strong.	I Mrs. Heman Elliott.
Centre Piece Wh. Linen Emb.—1. Spec. Darning—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott; Mrs. Lang Strutt; 2. Mrs. Heman 2. George Palmer; 3. Mrs. Lennis Elliott; 3. Mrs. Secil Sly.	Barr.
Centre Piece Col. Emb —1. Mrs. He-1 Afghan Kn. Wool.—1. Arthur Kilgour; man Elliott; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3 Clarence Dean.
rm
Childrens Fine Ribbed Warm Wool and Cotton Mixture Stockings. Reinforced heels and toes. Color fawn
9
2. George Palmer; 3. Mrs. A. A Smart.
2. Carl Dale
DAIRY
Class 41 Honey Box Honey In Comb. — Smith; 2. Art Mulligan.
From 19c to 25c
gins; 2. Mrs. Heman Elliot; 3. Mrs
1. Reuben
Childrens Fine Silk and Wool Mixture Hose.
Sizes 6 to 10. From
Art Mulligan
Mrs. Heman Elliott; 3. Geo. Palmer.
Display of Honey.—1. Reuben Smith; | Bridge Cloth.—1. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 2.
R. A. Hodgins; 3. Mrs. L. Barr. I Applique Quilt, Quilted—1. R. A. Hod-Tray Cloth Wh. Emb.—1. Mrs. Heman gins; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr; 3. George Elliott; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3. Mrs. Palmer.
Lang. Strutt.	Bed Spread, Fancy.—1. Art Kilgour; 2.
Tray Cloth Cro—1. Mrs. Secil Sly; 2. Clarence Dean; 3. R. A. Hodgins. Class 43 Butter	I Art Mulligan; 3. F. J. Smart.	Candle Wick Bed Spread.—1. Clarence
Dairy Butter 10-Lb Crock—1 Mrs Tray Cloth Tatted.—1. Mrs. Secil Sly. Dean; 2. Elvyn Corrigan; 3. R. A.
Wool Braided—1. R ».
Dairy Butter 5-Lb. Prints-1. Art	Palmer.	Hodgins; 2. Dwight McDowell;	3.
Mulligan; 2. Mrs. Robert Fitzsim-	Tea Cosy	Fancy.—1.	Mrs. Heman	Jimmie Armstrong
mons; 3. Harold Hodgins	Elliott.	Floor Mat, Silk Braided.-l. Mrs. Root
Display Dairy Butter—1. Harold Tea Cosy Wool—1. Mrs. Heman Fitzsimmons.
Hodgins1 2 Art Mulligan 1 Mr* Elliott; 2. Clarence Dean; 3. Mrs. Floor Mat, Hooked.—1. Mrs. Heman Robt Fitzsimmons.	Secil Sly.	Elliott; 2. George Palmer; 3. B.	C.
Display Creamery Butter. — 1. Tea Cosy Cro—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott; I Horner.
Lawrence Wilson.	2. Mrs. Secil Sly.
Buffet, Set, Cut Work.—1. F. J. Smart;
2. R. A. Hodgins; 3. Mrs. Heman Elliott.
Buffet, Set Tatted.—1. F J. Smart.
Buffet Set Wh. Emb.—1. Mrs. Lang.
Strutt; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr; 3. F. J. | Houso Dress.—1. Mrs. J J. O'Reilly; 2
Robt. Smart; 3. Dwight McDowell Buffet Set Col. Emb.—1. Mrs. Heman I Hoover Apron, Emb.—1. Mrs. L. Barr Elliott; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 3. R. A. Spec. Laundry. — 1. Mrs. Hemai; Hodgins.	Elliott; 2. George Palmer; 3. Mrs
Buffet Scarf.—1. F. J. Smart; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt.
Lennis Barr; 3. Elvyn Corrigan. Spec. Emb. Wh.—1. Smart Bros.
Pr. Towels Emb.—1. Mrs. Lennis Barr; Spec. Emb. Col.—1. Smart Bros.; 2 2. Mrs. Lang Strutt; 3. F. J. Smart. Ray Hobin.
Pr. Towels Tatted.—1. Mrs. A. A. | Towel. Fr. Hem.—1. Smart Bros. Smart; 2. F J Smart
Pr. Towels it. Hem.—1. Elvyn Cor-1 Hdkf., Hem.—1. Smart Bros, rigan; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr; 3. Mrs. j Hdkf.. Cro. Edge.—1. Smart Bros.
Hdkf., Tatted Edge.—1. Smart Bros.
1. Mrs. Heman | Hdkf., Drawn Work.—1. Smart Bros
Pullover Sweater. Kn—1 Smrrt Bros
mons
2. Art Mulligan
Class 42, Cheese
Factory, Colored —1. H. A. Macintosh Factory, Uncolored.—1. H. A. Macln tosh.
25c to 35c
We have few lines of discontinued garments in odd sizes only at a special bargain if your size is here.
Mens Heavy Fleece Lined Combinations All Sizes
$1.35
Floor Mat, Cro.—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 2. Mrs. R. Fitzsimmons; 3. George Palmer.
Floor Mat, Fr. Kn.—1. Elvyn Corrigan. Pr Fancy Curtains.—1. Mrs. Lennis Barr.
Boys Pullover School Sweater. All Colours.
Sizes 28 to 34. Specially priced
Class 44, Bread
Pan Homemade Bread.—1. Mrs. P. Dumas; 2. George Meldrum; 3. Art Mulligan.
Homemade Graham.—1. Harry Hodgins; 2. John Cunningham; 3. Mrs. Robt. Fitzsimmons.
Buns, 1 Doz —1. Mrs. L. Angus; 2. Mrs P Dumas; 3. Orval Smart Choc. Layer Cake Iced
$1.00
f#
ltgan;
Howard
A V. P.R —1. Leonard Horner; 2. Art Mulligan; 3. Harold Hammond; 4.
Leonard Horner.
A.V. Wyan.—1. Art Mulligan.
A.O.V. in Am. Class.—1. Art Mulligan;
2. Harold Hammond.
A.V. in Eng. Class. —1. Harold Hammond. 2. Art Mulligan.
A.V. in Asiatic Class.—1. Art Mulligan.
A.V. Leg—1. Claude Elliott Wiggins.
A.	O.V. Not Elliott; 2. Art Wiggins.
Commercial Classes B.P.R. Cock —
1. Harold Hodgins Elliott.
B.	P.R. Hen.—1. Claude Elliott; 2.
Harold Hodgins.
B P.R. Cockerel.—1. Llewelyn Hodgins; 2. Claude Elliott.
B PR Pullet.—1. Llewelyn Hodgins;	Class 45
2 Leonard Horner; 3. Claude Display Pickles—1. Mrs. L. Angus; 2.
Elliott; 4 Harry Hodgins.	Harold Hodgins; 3. Manson Me
''l* John Cunningham8™1*1 H°dKi"8' RellalL-l. Dalton Russell; 2 George
'c=r:Tu...rd «Z	2.
Horner; 2. Llewelyn Hodgins; 3. John Cunningham; 3. Douglas Pul-
Geo Meldrum; 4. John Cunningham. tord.	.
Wh Leg Pullet —1. Leonard P. Maple Sugar.—1. John Cunningham.
Horner ; 2. Llewelyn Hodgins; 3. Marmalade.-Mrs. Robe Fitzsimmons;
2. Ed.
a O S V Cockerel -1. Harold Ham- win Perry; 3. Dalton Russell.
•	' .	Canned Corn and Beans.—1. Art Mul- Pr. Pillow Cases Col. Emb.—1. Mrs
A OS V Pullet —1 Harold Hammond; "Ean: 2. Dalton Russell; 3. Mrs. P Lang Strutt; 2. F. J. Smart; 3. Mrs
2. Elvyn Corrigan; 3 Harry Hodgins. ^uma^omaloe, and Peas._L ^l- Sheefcra
ton Russell; 2. Art Mulligan; 3. Mrs P. Dumas.
Hard Soap.—1. Robt. Smart; 2. Mrs Secil Sly; 3. Dalton Russell.
Spec. Flowers in Water Color.—Mrs
F. H. Cornu; 2. Mrs. Robt. Fitz-j Table Runner, Cro.—1. F. J. Smart;
2. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 3. Mrs. Secil
Boys Navy, Black and Fancy Windbreakers,
$2.25
With zipper Sizes 26 to 36
Smart
Mens Cotton Mixture
Socks in attractive designs, sizes 10 to 11^	19c
1. Edwin
Perry; 2. Mrs. L. Angus; 3. Art Mulligan.
White Layer Cake Iced.—1. Ken Woods ; 2. Mrs, P. Dumas ; 3. Edwin Perry.
Pies, 1 Lemon, 1 Pumpkin.—1. Dwight McDowell; 2. Art Mulligan; 3. Mrs. F. H. Cornu.
Bread by Girls Under 16.—1. George Meldrum; 2. John Cunningham ; 3. Edwin Perry.
Tea Biscuits Muffins, by Girls Under 16.—1. Thomas Bean; 2. Harry Hodgins; 3. George Meldrum.
?
2. Art
wjë
\
Apron, Hand .Made.—1. Smart Bros
Mens Fancy Wool Mixture Socks 25c to 39c
Mentioned—1. Claude
:
Lang. Strutt

2. Claude
Pr. Towels, Cro
A
Mens Wool Work Socks
D aikGrey
Elliott; 2. Mrs. A. A. Smart Bureau Cover If. Hem.—1. Mrs Lang ! Towel with Cro.—1. Smart Bros Strutt; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr.	! Dressed Doll—1. Smart Bros.
(

35c
>
r»
Patching on Wool.—1. Smart Bros 2. Ray Hobin.
Patching on Cotton.—1. Smart Bros 2. Ray Hobin.
Darning in Wool.—1. Smart Bros. Darning in Silk Hose.—1 Smart Bros Kn. Pr. Socks.—1. Smart Bros.
Children under 12.
Face Cloth Kn.—1. Mrs. L. Angus. Dressed Doll.—1. Mrs. L. Angus. Spec. Emb.—1. Mrs. L. Angus.
Spec. Hem —1. Mrs. L. Angus.

Bureau Cover. Fancy.—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 2. F. J. Smart; 3. Mrs. Lang. Strutt.

m
Womens Fancy House Slippers, in velvets,
gabardine and felts
Bureau Cover, Col. Emb.—1. Mrs. He-man Elliott; 2. Robt. Smart; 3. F. J. Smart.
Wool Carriage Cover Kn.—1. Mrs. He-man Elliott; 2. Mrs. Lennie Barr. Carriage Cover Silk Quilted.—1. Mrs. Lennis Barr.
Pr. Pillow Cases Mom —1. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 2. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 3. Mrs. Lennis Barr.
Pr. Pillow Cases Tatted.—1. Mrs. He-man Elliott; 2. F. J. Smart; 3. Mrs F. H. Cornu.
Pr. Pillow Cases Cut Work.—1. F. J Smart; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 3. Mrs Heman Elliott.
Growing Girls Oxfords in black leather, rust
From $1.98 to $2.25
suede, etc.
GRAIN.
Class 50.
% Bu. Spring Wheat.—1. Elvyn Corri 1 gan; 2. Thos. Bean.
% Bu. Early Oats.—1. L. A. Smart;
2. Harold Elliott; 3. Robt. Smart.
Vg Bu. Late Oats.—1. Robt. Smart; 2 Claude Elliott.
Vg Bu. Peas, Common.—1. Mrs. F. H. Cornu; 2. Harold Elliott; 3. Art. Wiggins.
Vg Bu. Barley. 6 Rowed—1. Robt. Smart ; 2. Harold Elliott.
Bu. Wh. Beans, Small Medium.—
1.	Robt. Smart; 2. Thos. Bean ;3. P. E. Dali ms.
% Bu. Beans, Large Wh.—1. Art. Wiggins ; 2. Mrs. Peter Dumas.
Vg Bu. Rye.—1. Harold Hammond ; 2. Thos. Bean.
Vg Bu. Buckwheat.—1. Art. Wiggins:
2.	Harold Hammond; 3. Thos. Bean. Vg Bu. Flaxseed—1. Thos. Bean.
Vg Bu. Red Timothy Seed—1. Elvyn
Corrigan; 3 Robt. Smart.
Vg Bu. Red Clover, Home Grown.—1. L A. Smart; 2. Robt. Smart; 3. Art. Wiggins.
Vg Bu. Aisike Clover—1. Claude Elliott.
r j ! % Bu. Alfalfa.—1. Mrs. F. H. Cornu.
Vg Doz. Ears Field Corn.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2. Thos. Bean.
Vg Doz. Ears Garden Corn.—1. Art. Mulligan.
Moodies Quality Underwear with short
sleeves and no sleeves
small, medium, large and oversize 503 to 593
Ladies Silk and Wool Bloomers, Moodie Quality, small, medium, large, and oversize 50c to 59c
1. Nfrs. Heman Elliott; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 3. Art Mulligan. Sheet, Hem. and Mom.—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott; 2. Art Mulligan.
Table Runner, Col. Emb.—1. Robt. Smart; 2. F. J. Smart.
%
Pens
Barred Rocks—1. Llewelyn Hodgins;
Claude
2. Harold Hodgins; 3 Elliott.
White Leghorns—1. Leonard Horner;
Claude

2. Llewelyn Hodgins; 3.
Elliott; 4. John Cunningham
Other Standard Variety.— 1.Llewelyn Hodgins; 2.
Elliott; 3. Harold Hammond
slmmons.
Spec. Fruit in Water Color.—1. Jimmie Armstrong; 2. Mrs. Robt. Fitzsim-1 Table Runner Cut Work.—L Mrs. Leu
nia Barr; 2. F J. Smart.
Water Color Landscape. — 1. L. A. | Child's Dress, Smocked.—1. Mrs. Len Smart; 2. Mrs. F. H. Cornu; 3. Mrs
Any
Sly
White Swan Wheat Flakes, 5 lbs
Three pounds Soap Chips .........
Blue Ribbon Coffee. Glass Jar... Fresh Ground Coffee, per pound
Giant Size Bottle Pickles ........
Old English Liquid Wax............
Five-String Broom.................
25c
Claude
25c
mons
Ducks
Old Drake—1. Llewelyn Hodgins; 2. Geo. Knox.
Pekins Old Duck. — 1 Hodgins.
Peking. Yg
Hodgins; 2. Carl Dale.
Pekins, Yg. 1------
Hodgins; 2. Carl Dale.
Geese
Toulouse, Old Gander.—1. Llewelyn Hodgins; 2. Art Wiggins; 3. Claude
Elliott.	•	____
55c
nis Barr
Collar and Cuff Set.—1. Mrs. F. H Cornu; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3. Mrs Lang Strutt.
Peking
V
Robt. Fitzsimmons.
Spec. Flowers In Oil.—1. Jimmie Arm strong; 2. Mrs. Robt. Fitzsimmons Spec. Oil Painting —1. L. A. Smart; | Child’s Bonnet, Kn 2. Mrs. Robt. Fitzsimmons; 3. Roland Graham.
Spec. Drawing.—1. Ray Hobin; 2. Mrs F. H. Cornu; 3. Mr.s Robt. Fitzsim-1 Practical
39c
Llewelyn
25c
Drake. — 1 Llewelyn
1. Art Mulligan; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3. Geo. Palmer. Child's Party Dress.—1. Mrs. Lennis Barr; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly
Apron.—1.
O'Reilly; 2. Mrs. F. H. Cornu; 3 Geo. Palmer.
49c
Duck. — 1. Llewelyn
35c
Mrs
mons.
Display Snaps, Scenery.—1. Mrs R. W
Hodgins; 2. Elvyn Corrigan ; 3. Ray | 3 Dish Towels—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott;
2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3. Roland Graham.
Spec. Basket Weaving.—Mrs. Robt. Night Gown, Emb. Col.—1. Dwight	FIELD ROOTS.
McDowell; 2. F. J. Smart.	Class 51.
Mrs. Lennis j Fancy Pyjamas, Ladies.—1. Mrs. L., Carrots, 1 Peck.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2
Angus; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr.	P. E. Dahms.
Ladies Kimona, Fancy.—1. Mrs. Len- Ensilage Corn, Flint.—1. Art. Mulli
gan; 2. Thos. Bean; 3. Wm. Howard Ensilage Corn, Dent.—1. Art. Wiggins; 2. Art. Mulligan; 3. John R. Me Dowell.
Mangels, Long.—1. Thos. Bean;
John Cunningham.
Mangels, Inter.—1. Melvin Young Mangels, Sugar.—1. Art. Wiggins; 2. Thos. Bean.
Swedes.—1. Wm. Howard; 2. Walter Kilgour; 3. Art. Wiggins.
Old Goose—1. Llewelyn Hod; 2. Art Mulligan; 3. Dwight
Hobin
Tou
gins McDowell.
Tou. Yg Gander.—1. Llewelyn Hod
3. Walter
Fitzsimmons; 2. Mrs. Peter Dumas Silk Lamp Shade.—1 Barr; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 3. Mrs. Heman Elliott.
Basket of Cut Flowers.—1. Harold
2. Art Mulligan
gins
Kilgour.
Tou. Yg. Duck —1. Llewelyn Hodgins;
2. Art Mulligan; 3. Claude Elliott. Em ben Old Gander.—1. Art Mulligan ; 2. Claude Elliott.
Emb. Old Goose.—1. Claude Elliott; 2. Dwight McDowell; 3. Walter Kil
nis Barr.
Hodgins; 2. Dalton Russell; 3. Mrs | Bed Jacket, Kn.—1. Mrs. Lang. Strutt;
2. Mrs. J J. O’Reilly; 3. Mrs. Secil
5	*> W »-â	4 V'é
F. H. Cornu.
Coquet of Salvia.—1. Harold Hodgins
Doz. Asters —1. Harold Hodgins; 2. | Spec. Needlepoint—1 Claude Young; 3. Mrs. F H. Cornu.
Dahlias, Large.—1. Ken Woods ; 2. Ray Hobin.
Dahlias. Small.—1. Mrs. Peter Dumas;
2. Dalton Russell; 3. Elvyn Corrigan.
One Begonia—1. Geo. E. Palmer; 2. Hand Bag, Cro. Wool.—1. Mrs. Lang Mrs. L. Angus.	Strutt; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly; 3. Robert
Coll. 6 Foliage plants.—1. Dwight Mc Smart.
Dowell; 2 Harold Hodgins.	Hand Bag. Kn —1. Mrs. Heman Elliott;
Coll, of 3 Cacti.—1. Harold Hodgins; 2. Mrs. Secil Sly.
2. Arthur Mulligan.	Work Bag Fancy.—1. Mrs. Heman
Bronze, Cock —1. Llewelyn Hodgins;	g	Wax Plants—1. Mrs. L Angus; 2.	Elliott; 2. F. J. Smart
2. John Wallace; 3. Claude Elliott;	Harold Hodgins.	Baby’s Jacket Kn. Wool.—1. Mrs. He-
4. David McDowell.	One Lily.—1. Geo. E. Palmer; 2.	man Elliott; 2. Art Mulligan;	3. Mrs
Bronze, Hen.—l Llewelyn Hodgins;	Leonard Horner;	3. Mrs. P.	Dumas.	J. J. O’Reilly.
2.—David McDowell; 3. Dwight Mc- 3 Geraniums—1. Mrs. P Dumas; 2. Baby’s Jacket Cro. Wool Dowell; 4. Geo. Knox.	Harold Hodgins; 3. Dwight Me- ligan; 2. Mrs. Heman Elliott.
Bronze Cockerel —1. Mrs. Robt. Fit*-	Dowell.	Lady’s Sweater, Kn.—l. R. A. Hodgins;
simmons; 2. David	McDowell; 3.	3	Plants. Any Variety —1. Dwight Me-	2. B C. Horner; 3. Mrs.	Lang.	Strutt
Llewelyn Hodgins; 4.	John Wallace.	Dowell; 2. Harold Hodgins; 3. Mrs	Lady’s Sweater Cro.—1.	Mrs.	F. H
Bronze, Pullet—1. Mrs. Robt. Fitz	L.	Angus.	Coflu-	„	,	„	,	_	n
simmons; 2. David McDowell; 3.	Doll.	House Plants	6 Spec.. 1.	Dwight	Child’s Sweater	Coat,	Kn.—l.	Mrs.	B
Llewelyn Hodgins ; 4 John Wallace.	McDowell; 2. Harold Hodgins.	C. Horner; 2 Jimmie Armstrong; 3
White Helland Cock.—1. Art Mulligan. Hanging Basket, Well Estab.—1. Mrs. Mrs. Lennis Barr Wh. Hoi. Hen.—l. Claude Elliott; 2.	Lang. Strutt; 2. Mrs. L. Angus;	3.	Child’s One Piece Pullover, Wool Kn.
Llewelyn Hodgins.	Harold Hodgins.	—1 Mra Lang Strutt; 2. Mrs. Lennis
Wh. Hoi. Cockerel.—1. Claude Elliott; Window Box, Well Estab.—1. B. C	Barr; 3. B C. Horner.
2. Llewelyn Hodgins.	Horner; 2. Jimmie Armstrong ;	3	Baby’s Bootees, Wool.—1. Mrs. Lennis
Wh Hoi. Pullet.—1. Claude Elliott; 2. Dwight McDowell.	Barr; 2. Mrs. Lang. Strutt; 3. Art
Art Mulligan.	Sofa Cushion Wl. Emb.—1. George Mulligan.
A.O.V, Cock —1. Harold Hammond; 2. Palmer; 2. Robt. Smart.	* Men’s Gloves
Art Mulligan.	Sofa Cushion, Fey.—1. Mrs. F. J	Cornu; Mrs. J. J. OReilly, 3. Mrs
A.O.V. Hen.—l. Harold Hammond ; 2. Smart; 2. L. A. Smart; S. Mrs. Secil Secil Sly.	,	....
Art Mulligan; 3. Claude EUlott.	Sly.	. „	Lady , Gloves, Kn.-l. Art Mulligan,
A.O.V. Cockerel.—1. Llewelyn Hod-	Sofa	Cushion Kn. In Yarn—1.	George	2. Clarence Dean.	3.	Mrs. J.	J
Sly
9 Onions, Multipliers.—1. L. A. Smart; ¦	2. Art. Wiggins; 3. Wm. Howard.
I Onions, Picklers—1. Art. Mulligan. Parsnips.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2. Wm Howard; 3. John Cunningham.
Class 52.
Mrs. R W Hodgins; 2. Mrs. Lennis Barr; 3 Jimmie Armstrong.
Laundry Bag.—1. Mrs. Heman Elliott;
2.	Mrs. Secil Sly.
3.	Geo. Palmer.
Break Up That
gour.
Emb. Yg. Gander.—1. Claude Elliott 2. Art Mulligan Emb. Yg Goose-Art Mulligan.
A.O.V. Old Gander.—1. Art Mulligan A.O.V. Old Goose.—1. Art Mulligan. A.O.V. Yg. Gander.—1. Art Mulligan A.O.V. Yg. Goose.—1. Art Mulligan.
Turkeys
1. Claude Elliott; 2
Cold With
Peppers.—1. Art. Mulligan Pumpkin —1. Art. Mulligan; 2. Thos. | Potatoes, Irish Cobblers —
ligan; 2. Robt. Smart.
Sunflower.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2. Mrs. | Potatoes, Green Mt.—1. Robt. Smart Robt. Fitzsimmons; 3. Wm. Howard
GARDEN VEGETABLES.
Class 52.
1. Art. Mul
Bean
ACETOPHEN
TABLETS
2. Art. Wiggins; 3. Mrs. P. Dumas. Potatoes, Dooley.—1. Robt. Smart ; 2 Art Mulligan; 3. Harold Hammond Table Beets.—1. Art Wiggins; 2. Ray | Potatoes, Varieties other than White — Hobin; 3. Art. Mulligan.
Fall Cabbage.—1. Ken Woods; ?. Art Mulligan; 3. Wm. Howard.
Winter Cabbage—1. Art. Mulligan; 2 Ken Woods ; 3. P. E. Dahms.
Table Carrots.—1. Thomas Bean;
Art. Mulligan; 3. Mrs. P Dumas
Cauliflower.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2. Art. | Tomatoes, Red.—1. Claude Young; 2
Ray Hobln.
Tomatoes, Pink—1. Ray Hobln; 2 Thomas Bean.
Turnips, Summer.—1. Mrs. R. Fitz simmons; 2. Thomas Bean ; 3. Art Mulligan.
1. Art. Wiggins; 2. Robt. Smart; 3 Mrs. L. Angus; 3. Carl Dale. Pumpkin, Sugar.—1. P. E. Dahms; 2 L. A. Smart.
Squash.—1. Art. Mulligan.
2. j Sweet Corn.—1. Art. Mulligan; 2 Thomas Bean.
Three Sizes
1. Art Mul
Costs less than one cent a tablet
Wiggins.
Celery.—1. Art Mulligan Citrons
Smart; 3. Wm. Howard.
Cucumber Slicing.—1. Mrs. L. Angus 2. Art. Mulligan; 3. P E. Dahms.
Cucumber, Ripe.—1. Thomas Bean; 3. | Watermelons.—1. Art Mulligan; 2.
Thomas Bean; 3. P E. Dahms.
Cell. Garden Veg.—1. Art. Mulligan;
2. Art. Wiggins; 3. P. E. Dahms. Coll, of Apples.—1. Art. Wiggins; 2.
Robt. Smart; 3. Thomas Bean. Crabapples.—1. Thomas Bean; 2. P. E. Dahms; 3. Carl Dale.
1. P. E. Dahms; 2. L. A
THE CORNER STORE
Carl Dale; 3. Ray Hobln. Muskmelons.—1. Thomas Bean. Onions, Yellow.—1. P. E. Dahms ; 2 Art Mulligan; 3 Ken Woods. Oisons. Red —1. Art. Mulligan; 2 Thomas Bean.
Onions, White.—1. Art. Mulligan.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts • HAWVILLE. - QUE.
Kn—1. Mrs. F H
###PAGE###6###
it at a considerable distance. Tho disintegrating effect upon human tissue is even greater, so all experiments must be conducted with
great caution and for safety minute quantities of diluted uranium are used.
i trying to liberate stored in uranium so
and they are
She Found The Dahlia» Irresistible
G ratitude
the energy that we may have a cheaper form of power than ever before..But uranium is so deadly that it caused the decomposition of oxide when exposed to
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
thanks, good people of the land,
For life and all we hold so dear: health and strength, for
shelter, food,
And love and hope and cheer. And as you offer thanks, then
pray
For eyes to see the pure ana good Hearts
Give
pure
has
nitrogen
?
For
*
l
r*

By William Ferguson
I This Curious World
A—---
ms®'

LESSON II
BOYHOOD OF JESUS*— Luke 2.
PRINTED TEXT. U-k. J*JMJ
wisdom and stature, with God and men.
THE
&
to love and strength to
SUGAR.
IS ONE OF THE FEW
GOLDEN TEXT.
vanced in and In favor
Luke 2le^2son |N |T$ SETTING
born pro*)-
serve—
The spirit of true gratitude.

\x
that modern
SCIENCE HAS
been unable mvo
jr
m
that love the pure and
Hearts
THE
jïTiï",™ » * «•=
the visit to the temple at Jerusalem
twelve year# old
noble
Show their “Thank you's" every
day;	,
that speak the truth in kindness Gratitude in all things say; Hands that seek to help anoth-
4/yjv
%
make abjv-
r/c/A LLy/sZt#' M \
$
X
>î
wm
'¦>
Lips

when Jesus was took place in April, A.D. 8.
Place.—The events recorded in
1 to 20 took place in Beth
ft
;<?
Xv
*
Sf
lehem; those recorded in verses 22 to 38 took place In Jerusalem, as did also the events recorded In verses 41 to 50; the life of Christ et Nazareth is referred to in vers** Nazareth, a town in GaLUe€’/bti home of Joseph and Mary for about
became the plaoe spent practically all to the time of his
him the
O

v.
er

r+M
SüVm
their thanks in daily

5e
Prove

living;
that lift and cheer and comfort
Are the only true thanksgiving.
—M. Lucille Ford.

• #


Li vos

L



thirty years where Jesus of his life up
baptism, and thus gave frequently need title “Jeeus of N«-
•reth.”
Luke 2: 4. And the child grew, end waxed strong, filled with wisdom: and the grace of Ood was
upon him.
Visit to the Temple 41. And his parents went evory year tp Jerusalem at the feast of the passover. 42. And when he twelve years old, they went ip the custom of the feast Th» of Moses commanded all male attend at Jerusalem at
Safety Pointers For Pedestrians



«fying at Lausanne. Switzerland.
B.C., were
pass by	_ .
the daughter of a pioneer past four years she has been stu
Ten Rules Are Laid Down Guidance, By Industrial Accident Protection Association
For
E
OSPREYS
I
transmitted in the milk to any extent but are to the embryonic
young.
A suitable mineral supplement in the ration of the growing bacon hog will enable the animal to make better use of cheap homegrown feeds consisting largely of cereals with a source of protein added. A feeder who mixes his rations with brains! said he could make a profit with hogs at five
cents a pound.
SOMETIAAES

Form Notes ..
An illustrated poster issued by the Industrial Accident Prevention Associations outlines » “decalogue of safety” designed especially for pedestrians. Here arc
the ten points it stresses.
ONLY AT SIDL-
The record In many indicates that it is five
)
articles of clothino
THAT HAVE
Bacon for Britain Grotvn at a Profit
Only healthy, vigorous litters grow into prime bacon, the kind that Britain expects of Canada and proves most profitable to the producer. The “runt" seldom repays the cost of raising it and never becomes a “select*. Symptoms of diseases common to young pigs are hairlessness, rickets and anaemia. Prevention starts with the brood sow whose ration throughout the year should contain a well balanced mineral supplement providing calcium and phosphorus against rickets and nutritional disorders, iron against anaemia and iodine against hair-lessnesa. To withhold the mineral 1 • supplement until the sow farrows is folly. These minerals are not |
was
after
UNGUARDED
law
CROSS WALKS cities L_. times more dangerous to cross
in the middle of the block than at
Jews to
the three feasts of p&seover, pentecost, and tabernacles ; but this eus-had long fallen Into abeyance, mark of devout living
BV THE
OWNERS


& 1M7 BY NÊÂ WRWC:. INC. |t —-
NOT: Hew m
¦
tom
and It was a to go up once a year. The narrative
brings out the piety of Joseph an Mary. On a son’s thirteenth birthday the father brought the boy to the synagogue on the “Sabbath of Phylacteries” and presented him with phylacteries, which the son thenceforth wore at the recital of his daily prayer. The boy then became a visible member of the Jewish Church, and was called a son of the law.” Jesus had formerly aeen his parents go yearly to Jerusalem, leaving him at home; now he went up with them for the first
his first communion
the corner.	___:MTt, !
WAIT ON THE SIDEWALK—
Impeding the visibility and progress of motor vehicles and risking injury to yourself by stand- | ing in the street while waiting # for an opportunity to cross is
*° CROSS ON THE PROPER
Traffic lights are for
Super-Suspicious
A detachment of Royal Canadian Engineers making a survey in the Collingwood district certainly had its troubles. Suspicious citizens, it appears, saw the party at work and telephoned the police asking that they be investigated.
“Even our uniforms didn t keep us from suspicion,” Sgt.-Major W. Demary said.
whale eat daily?
*
l
BEAUTIFUL BIRD
SIGNAL
all traffic pedestrians as well as motorists. Don’t expect the me-torist to obey them if you aren t
willing to do so.
SURE THE WAY IS — Wait until a closely
18 To be sick.
20 Purpose.
22 Red vegetable
24 Naked.
26 Opposed %i front.
2TFast. . ".
29 Window ledge
31 Genus of frogs.
33 Sound of sorrow.
35 Vandal.
37	College graduates. .
38	To cease te.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL

1 Large strutting male

BE
bird.
3
CLEAR
approaching car has passed, or until the driver has given you the right of way. Never step between two cars in close-parked traffic.
BE DOUBLY ALERT DURING THE FIRST FEW STEPS— Seventy-five percent, fo pedestrians in accidents are hit before reaching the middle of the road-with absent-mindedness -tho
greatest single cause.
CROSS WITHIN THE CROSSWALK
saved by skirting the cross-walk or crossing diagonally are not worth the chances you take with your life.
WALK, DON’T RUN less hurry afoot is often as dangerous as needless speed in a Don’t start across unless
make it
time. It was

7 It has been domesticated since • times.
12	For the affirmative.
13	Climbing plant.
15	Golf term.
16	Kettle.
17	Large handkerchief.
19 Legal rule.
21	While.
22	Vagabond.
23	Cotton picker.
25	3.1416.
26	Assists.
season.	,	.	..
We know that our Lord m his
attended the
RADIO REPORTER

boyhood had never schools of the rabbis ( Mark 6: 2; John 6: 42) and therefore his later teaching was absolutely original. We know that he had learned to write (John 8: 6) We know that acquainted not only with
Hebrew. Greek,

By DAVE ROBBINS
/
Listen In and hear your home town become famous!
CAESAR
136-YEAR-OLD PRAYER
other midnight we were
^^fog.'LWakL"rhrLt
seemed particularly appropriate at
w.Uw«ee.UTrisWed tehLr that
for the British fleet and for had been written by a
hundred
he was
and perhaps Latin; and that he
deeply impressed by the
ItJMffllalW

The
way
notes and news
First casualty of the war among radio reporters Is John Steele, the Mutual chain’s London man. Steele hit by bomb splinters recent-
walking out of the
VERTICAL
2 Series of poems.
' 3 Work of skill. 42 Feasted.
4	Company.	43 Chocolate
5	Holding	-	beverage,
device.	45	Branches.
45	Thing.	6 Relatives.	47 Membranous
46	Bone.	7 Data.	bags.
48 Natural canal. 8 African harp. 49 Ever.
50	Sister.
51	Old wagon track.
52	And.
53	Capuchin monkey.
55	South Carolina.
56	Form of "a."
39 Varnish
ingredient.,
41	Note in scale
42	To discover.
44 For that reason.
use.
had been
lessons of nature.
43 And when they had fulfilled the days, as they were returning, the boy Jeans .tarried behind in Jerusalem; and his parents knew It not; 44, but suppose him to be In the company, they went a daye Journey; and they sought for him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance: 45. and when they found him not, they returned to Jerusalem, seeking for him. 46. And it came to pass, after three days they found him in the te*vple. Sitting in the midst of the teachers, both hearing them, and asking them questions: 47. and all that heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers. These were ordinary rah-ready to teach at any time. They sat cross-legged on the floor like their pupils. The teaching took
i of the many temple to all and used for this
Seconds and steps
40 Against.
prayer all Europe
groat English leader one and thirty-five years ago.
These are the words we heard the great God whom I wor-,hlo grant to my country, and for the benefit of Europe In general, and glorloua victory: and misconduct in anyone tar-
humanity after
ly as he was BBC studios during a heavy an raid. The Injuries were not serious however, and John is hack on the
Need-
28 Ankle.	51 To mold anew 9 Neuter
30 Bay window. 54 Retributive pronoun.
32 Clock face. justice.	10	Snaky fish.
34	Social insect.	56 Automobile.	11 Low tide.
35	Pronoun.	57 It has——	14 To total.
36	Measure of plumage.	16 It belongs	to
length.	58 It is found on the genus
37	Conjunction.	the continent 17 Grotesque
38	Owed.	of------	blunder.
job.
May
car.
And by the way folks, remember ... CBC network shows and all the principal radio stations In Canada are operating on daylight saving that is, the programs are AHEAD of standard
you are sure you can safely at a walk.
ON RURAL ROADS, WALK
FACING TRAFFIC ables you to watch oncoming traffic and to step off the pavement and out of the way in an emergency. Two pedestrians are killed walking with traffic for
killed walking against
all
a great
This en-
may no
ntsh It; and may victory be the predominant feature
in the British fleet! For myself
individually, I commit my life to
Him that made me; and may H s
srsjti
To Hlm I resign myself and the
just cause which Is entrusted to
to defend. Amen, Amen, Amen.
for Admiral
written by him In of the battle
time all one hour
time.
Eddie Cantor Is back on the air lane, every Wednesday evening at nine o’clock (standard time) with a line-up of stars that should really have a good show to offer. Dinah Shore, one of the most popular singers on the air, Harry Von Zell. Bobby Sherwood and his band, and Nan Rae and Maude Davis, the best team of "Fern” comics in the
all in Eddie's new the NBC red net-
every one
2
it.
bis
AFTER DARK, WEAR SOME-
You protect
19
THING WHITE yourself by making certain you will be seen, especially when walking along rural highways at night. Wear a white shirt, shoes
or carry a light, an handkerchief, or
me
place In one
halls open L_ purpose. It is the worst mistake
of all to entitle the scene “Jesus
Teaching in the Temple.” Luke
not one word about his teach-
This simple prayer Lord Nelson was ... his diary on the eve ot Trafalgar, October -1st, 1805, and because ot its fitting thought for these dark days CKOC closes Its day each midnight with Nelson s
I
r,
or dress
3
business, are program. It's on work.
Ç. —
Recordmended:
chizzled in on
It’s “Shades
really is from “Scheherazade’’S suite. You 11 likel)
he hearing it . . - We liked the Merry Mac’s waxing ot the oldie "I get the Blues When It Rains.
Alec Templeton's recording of “Body and Soul” with Mary Had a little Lamb" amused us muchly. Of course, we’re a sucker for Templeton anahoo.
a news-
says __	.
mg. He listened, and asked respectful questions. Jesus here is a well-trained boy, who knows his place and acts with respect toward these rabbis. But even so, all who were listening were In amazement again and again at the understanding with which his mind grasped their combined thoughts, and with which he replied to the questions addressed to him, revealing his inner grasp of the truth.
48. And when they saw him, they astonished; and his mother
open paper.
LOOK TWICE CROSSING ably live twice as long.
before
And you’ll prob-
prayer
%
9
The boys have another classic, of Twilight” which Rimsky Korsakoff's
3
“THE TOWN CRIER”

The small towns of Ontario again go on the air over CKOC, Hamilton, every Friday night, starting October 18th, at 7.30 p.m. Standard Time (8.30 Daylight) . . . Each week & different community in the
to be featured, a brief I .
Single Ounce Can
Boil 1,000 Tons

55
element one
Uranium is an million times deadlier than dynamite. Scientists tell us that the contained in one ounce
province is outline of its history given together with a review of recent events taken from the local newspaper presented before the mike. . • •
; r »
7
were
gald unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I sought thee sorrowing. 49. And he said unto them. How is it that ye sought me? knew . yet not that I must be in my Path- 1 er’s house? 50. And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them. These words of the boy Jesus are the first words of which have knowledge that passed the
lips of our Lord.
51. And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth; and he was subject unto them; and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart. From this moment Jesus possesses within him this ideal of life entirely devoted to the kingdom of Go-1. Now for the next eighteen years he applied himself in silence to the business of his earthly father at Nazareth, where he was called “the carpenter.” 52. And Jesus advanr-ed in wisdom and stature and in favor with God and men.
energy
will boil a thousand tons of water,
By J. MILLAR WATT
>
POP — One Up for Pop
k
I

1
M
yes:.
BORROWING
monev froni
.	riOUR
I     FPIFND5
TUÇRF ANYTHING TMAT
peouires
^ AND THE EXPERT , “TOUCH i
IS
* O
?
4c
>
L
I
/
we

h
y
lr
/
l
J

6
—M
Mil III l«









ZfcZyX


LLupj" i£b'. i*U. ii>_T
SjnïlVâïe, In* IWWIBWI
###PAGE###7###
Canadian National Railways Revenues

Canadian Armed Merchant Cruiser Captures Enemy Ship
| How Cam I?
'	BY ANNE ASHLEY
\ Jit
of the all
) 0
The gross revenues inclusive Canadian National Rail-System for the week end-
Tl
*0 jr
%!
1 -ÉB

i

ways
ing September 21, 1940, were:—
...$ 6,043,389 ... 6,661,182
M
Q. How can I protect the wall from the wet doth when
!
AH»
I
as compared with
for the corresponding period of 1939, a decrease of ...........
papercleaning the woodwork .
A. Use a flat piece of tin about a foot long, moving it along the wall against the board as the work progresses. An old auto license plate is excellent for
this purpose.
Q. How can I treat a warped ironing board ?
A. The board can be straight-
reversed
mam
~ r-v,

$	607,793
or 10.8%

ZHArs
vm
**
cast


fi,c BEN/
HEALTH
TOPICS
V
ened if the covering is to the other side for awhile.
Q. How can I remove ink spots from the fingers?
A. Rub the fingers with the inside of a banana peeling.
Q. How can I revive flowers
that have begun to wilt?
A. When the flowers have begun to wilt, cut the stems and plunge them into hot water f°1 fl few minutes. Trim the stems a little each day and slit them to enable the flower to absorb more
mi




Vitamins and Health
I
»
after being converted into an armed cruiser.

i
>
In a recent number of the (Toronto) Academy Bulletin, Dr. Frederick Tisdall contributes an instructive atricle on Vitamins. He points out that according to the figures issued by the Bureau of Statistics at Ottawa, approximately 44% of the caloric intake of Canadian people, based on average daily intake of 3000 calls practically devoid of
The PERFECT Chewing Jobacco
*
Holiday Mail
Delivery Again
f
January 1, 1939 will also be run the second day.
Entries and spectators are expected from all sections of the province and two days of inteiest-
ing sport is promised.
Geo. W. Boag, Woodstock, Ont., secretary of the association has been sending out entry forms and that keen interest is being
- HAVE -YOU HEARD?
Bird Dogs Enter Fall Field Trials
on
water.	•
Q. How can from furniture or fabric?
A. Remove the glue by dipping a cloth in vinegar and rubbing hard. If the glue has hardened, keep wetting it with vinegar and when softened, rub it off.
an
Morning mail deliveries will be remimed on statutory " holidays falling on Monday, starting with Thanksgiving Day, October 14, and there will be a mail delivery - Christmas Day, Postmaster General Mulock has announced.
Such deliveries were eliminated in the interests of economy time ago, but with Canadian inovertime
I remove glue
ones
Ontario Association Expects Big Crowds on Niagara-on-the-Lake the Middle of October
vitamins.
There is considerable evidence that Canadians suffer most from lack of the vitamins Bl, D and sometimes vitamin C. A restriction in diet will accentuate this
During the progress
met a neighbour carrying
A man a bag of apples.
"I've got to leave town for six he explained, "so I'm giving
on
shown in all events
days.
the wife an apple for each day I’m
The fall field trails of the On- • , Bird Dog Association will
_ held at Niagar a-on-the-Lake,
October 19th and 20th, are the dates set.
These trials have been drawing bigger entries each season and it is expected that the trials scheduled for this fall will bring out the biggest entry and the best calibre of dogs that have ever competed at an Ontario meet.
The events for the first day include the Ontario Championship, a stake for Shooting Dogs and a trial for Novice Dogs. This latter stake always brings out new dogs and new dog owners, desirous of having independent appraisal of their dogs' performance.
All of these trials are for setters and pointers. An innovation at this meet, also scheduled for the first day’s programme is a trial for working spaniels.
On the second day some well-seasoned campaigners from N$w York State are expected to compete with the Ontario entries in
the Open All Age Stake. A Derby
bom after
some
condition of an infection the need for most vitamins is markedly increased. A similar need is seen during preg-and lactation when the demand is doubled.
Under ordinary conditions, if the individual takes a diet consisting of a pint to a pint and a half of milk a day for children, one half a pint for adults, some meat, an egg a day, two liberal helpings of vegetables besides po-
fruit, some whole
tano
away
What a charming thought!”
Yes. Before I knew her she us-to be friendly with the local
dustry working on schedules in the war effort it was deemed morning mail delivery necessary where holidays fall
on a Monday.
WHY HAVE
% SORE SV FEET ?
be
Modern
Etiquette
ed
nancy
doctor!


"In the Arctic they live on candles and blubber.”
"Well, If I had to eat candles
I think I would, too.”
I
BY ROBERTA LEE
New Jap Invasion Aims at Chinese
RUB 1*
i

1. Isn’t is considered l ad and rude for a guest to
a frequent
manners-----
refuse a drink when in the home
of a friend?
2.	Ia it good manners to chew gum in public?
3.	Should a son be taught to let his sister go through a door
first?
4 Is there any way possible to stop a person who is always goa-and speaking evil of
A young man was caller at a house where there were four daughters, but It was Impossible to say which of them he preferred.
One evening the eldest sister, Agatha, happened to be the only In the house, and consequently she had the young man to herself.
"Agatha, you look tired,” he said.
"I am a little,” she replied, and wondered what might be coming You see, I made an enor-batch of cakes and pies.

HANKOW
tato, some raw
cereals, either in the form
i»
grain
of brown bread or breakfast cereals, and some vitamin D, (cod-liver oil or its equivalent), in the months from September to June, he will be using all the known vitamins in adequate amounts. Under unusual conditions as in
lactation and
•r
k
i
\CANTON
MACAO
%" Sri
WOMEN WMlfiD
one
aiping others?
6. What is the correct distance from the dinner table that a person’s waist should be, not to be
too far or too close?
6. Would it be all right for a debutante to wear a pink gown at her coming-out party?
Answers
1. Not in the least. There ifi nothing compulsory about it, and only a person who is weak will be influenced to do something that he or she does not want to do. 2. No, it is not, even if it is seen fifty times a day. Nor does it add to the beauty of a girl’s face or the handsome features of an Apollo. 8. Yes. If a boy is taught these courtesies at home, they will come natural to him when he ia elsewhere. 4. Perhaps Hare answers this question by saying, "When will evil speakers refrain from evil talking. When listeners refrain from evil hearing.” 6. About eight inches. 6. White is the most appropriate color.
illness, pregnancy any dietary restrictions, it may be necessary to give vitamins in the r
concentrated form.
Dr. Tisdall discusses vitamins
in considerable detail. About 16 vitamins have so far been demonstrated from animal experimental
work
38 to 52 years old. Women who restless, moody, NERVOUS—who fear hot flashes, dizzy spells—to take Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound. Pinkham’s Is famous for helping women during these ‘‘trying times" due to functional Irregularities. Get a bottle today from your druggist! WORTH TRYING 1 _
are
next

mous
Mother prefers my baking to the cook's. I also made a few pots of jam. Father's fond of jam. And I have done all the housework, too.”
said the young man. Then he went on ardently: “Agatha, there Is a question I want to ask you, and my life’s happiness may depend on your answer.” "Well, ask away,” smiled Ag-
$ I AM


I
SOUTH
Fine
Nine have been shown ne for human nutrition.
Stake for puppies
cessary
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
MALAY
STATES
eei
sh)
e e e
atha, blushing.
"If I marry one of your younger sisters, will you consent to make your home with ns?T
MACHINERY FOR SALE
FARMS WANTED
earns*
AGENTS WANTED
=Wf-m
Ltd., 64 Front
1SSSB
3 Ontario.
SATISFIED WITH
:E.*"	$2
St®»
Jsuxsss r.t m"™:
This map shows where newest Asiatic complications have arisen as the Japanese invade French Indo-China at Haiphong and clash with Indo-Chinese forces at Dong Dang in an effort to invade China by the “back door.”
One wit explains that Adam and Eve probably were on a telephone line In the garden of Eden, and their number was 281 Apple.
cut
bulletin Machinery Co St.. West
number
Toronto
Toronto
FOOT SUFFERERS
MEDICAL
RETURNS SPRING hot, swollen feet. Rev-new principle. Send
mm#
IfllSs
FOOT BLISS to tired. L
BrCzT'K. sssrtis
Toronto. _________—
to
A little boy surprised his parents by refusing to be scared Into being good.
MALE OR
AGENTS
mwm
r
:
What Science Is Doing
"It's no use telling me the angels will write down In their books If I’m naughty, mamma," he said. "I might as well tell you they think up in heaven that I'm dead.”
"But why should they think
EXPENSIVE DRUO-
HOGS FOR SALE
Exports of Canadian newsprint paper in July were valued at $15,221,529 compared with $8,586,411 in the same month a year ago.
’HE w wS
Lean. Kerwood, Ontario
George.
Montreal
waite, Man
PO. BOXES
VITAMIN MYSTERY CLEARED
A new vitamin, biotin, the most potent and powerful physiological substance ever discovered, was described to the American Chemical Society last week.
Biotin, a colorless crystal, has been a chemical mystery for two
the Netherlands act
that?”
MUSIC COMPOSERS
"Because I haven’t said my pray ers for two weeks.”

BABY OCTOBER-NOVEM-
ordered
/
TOUR BRAY
mmm
Hamilton, Ont.
wsBSe
Apply
1
B.C
I
1
Stop, Look, Listen !
?
il/i
PORTABLE SILOS
¦¦¦ MINK FOR SALE
wss
Wyoming .Ont-____
tires wanted
WANTED FOR CASH — SMOOTH Tires, must be sound.
Limited 448% Vongo St., Toronto,
Comment from a bulletin of the Association of Amctrcian Railroads which includes in its membership the “Hundreds of lives can be saved each year if motorists will exer-increased care in approaching the passing over highway-railroad grade crossings.”
"SSS
Ontario. __
BOOKS FOR SALE B\ MAIL
years since
entista, F. Kogel and B. Tonnes, extracted a barely visible quantity from 250,000 year-old Chinese duck egg yolks.
Biotin proves to be part of the vitamin B “complex.” It is so powerful, it is measured in thousands of a millionth of a gram.
Without it, soil germs, the azo-tobacter, which fix nitrogen for plant growth, are unable bo work. This fixation is the base of all plant life, and therefore biotin probably is a primary source of all the food on earth.
AND BUSINESS Dictionaries, Encyclopedist'rite for bargain list.
f
TECHNICAL Books,
IflLS etc.
Wholesale Book Company Ulchmond Kant, Toronto. _

Canadian lines
ill
CARS NEW AND USED
outh dealers'
/
cise


Mt
MEDICAL

More than 2,000 observers are engaged on insect surveys in Canadian forests.
PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT wonderful results after taking Dr. Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatism and Postpaid $1.00 Munro s Store. 335 Elgin Ottawa.
Used tires for sale
To ronto.____________________
tires wearing smooth?
IF STILL SOUND HAVE THEM
raededofCn°e8w tTriV New^T.re
Write for folder and
Clock, just North of College St.
POULTRY AND EGGS_______
Supply Co.. Commission Dealers, 100 Front Street East. Toronto.
rheumatism sufferers
IT’S PROVEN EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatism or Neuritis should try Dr. Dixon's Remedy. Munro s Drug Store, 335 Elgin. Ottawa, postpaid $1.00.
* DOG FOR SALE
srd
Dvnnvllle Ontario.______
c
the
COON
-V
Neuritis
Drug
l
I
PRINTING
i
8
DETECTIVES
-riTJ immediately tor secret-service and detective woi k.
ErHsrE-EE
tion T, Montreal»
PUPS FOR SALE
WATER WORKS
“WETTER
A discovery that the t'hemica.s which make “wetter” water are good for killing numerous kinds of deadly germs was reported to the bicentennial conference of the University of Pennsylvania.
These chemicals are known as wetting agents. They make water so “wet” that it penetrates to the skins of birds and even of water fowl. Some new forms of soap were found in the same discovery to have exactly similar germ killing powers.
Mill
ing
/
{
e
MS*
SEVENTEEN
USED BAGS__________
FARMERS DAIRYMEN, BAKERS^ Merchants and Others are making extra money by shipping us kinds of used empty bags. You can do the same. Write ua now and we will send you full particulars and shipping tags. Ship freight collect. Highest prices paid.—Sendel & Send el 709-711 Common St.. Mon-Quo.	_
\
guarantee
all
\
$1.oo SENDS 300
"BRITISH CONSOLS” "EXPORT” or "LEGION" Cigarettes
BEEFS!
In C.A.SJ. wHi oely.
Mai) Order and Remittance to
W^LMACDONALDINC.
Bex 1929, Piece d Amee, Montreal, Cenede
Ms Iffw subject ti Ml efcMfi !¦ aewewet RifdWMB
»
»
PHOTO FINISHING

FREE! You Can Now Own
MU
-:ni,nTrsft •srujiTe'aai
fmLrlaïPhoto 8,rv 1% SuïïJn J, Toronto.
Ltd
»
I
a
&
tre
Ground Grip
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
MALE. 13
ilckvllle, Ont.	_
“BAKED” GRAY MATTER A discovery that skilled surgirai operations can be performed on the gray matter of the brain with nothing but an electrical current, has just been reported.
The skull is not opened, but merely touched with the tip of electric wire. The current does not remove the gray matter, but •tfeetivtly bakes and des**# #-
New
Used
(
No need to fear bad roads when
H o I a I a Starters, Radiators
have these tires on your roar they pull through any-
yon
____Roofing—Granary Lining
SU,kF.R=ovfr mo^L1aa\‘EiongS.rXUy
wheel
thing without the use of chains. And on pavement they are quiet
and smooth riding local Firestone Dealer put a set
wheels NOW*
Carburetors,
Se rv

Emehauge
Glass — Satisfaction or Lerv A a * * Parts. Dept. J
Have your
an
ISSUE 41—’40
1
9
Z
*it.
om your rear
i

###PAGE###8###

I

Honour Mrs. Jas. Richardson
»
^Service Announcement

<
Mrs. Ii*vine Swartz entertained about 35 guests at a. miscellaneous shower at her home on Friday | rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. pA3tor evening in honour of Mrs. «JJ®6*
Richardson, the foimer Miss Lillis Sharpe, a recent bride.
d SUdhr*	!	'•» P ™ "Se,,,,. Zi»n.
pink and white streamers The j Guest Preacher at these services will be little Misses Iva and Grace Swartz | Hev. H. H. Mutton, of Greenwood, Ont. presented the gifts from her many
The hostess wae assisted in eer I The Pastor will preach on, “Battering ving by her daughters, Mrs. M. N. the walls of Londan .
Campbell and Miss Inez Swartz. |	7 30 p.m.—Service at Shftwville
Picture service by the Minister with 50 slides on the subject, "In the Citadel of the Cliiangs”, a picture survey of conditions in war torn Chung King, China.
New Fall Suits
ESTABLISHED 1888
Shawville United Church
Tops in style, fancy shades pi greens, browns, blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
INVALID
COACH
Sunday. October 20
11.00	a.m.—Service at Shawville
r
with two trousers
GEORGE HYNES & SON
»N
New Fa
Latest Shades and Styles
ats
$1.95 to $2.95
3.00	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
Directors of Funeral Service
'
Shawville, Que.
Forsyth Dress Shirts
Phone 80
Honour Bride to be
$1.65
Coloured Stripes and White
and
Mr*. James Cuthbertson daughter, Mrs. Marshall Horigins were joint hostesses at a nicely arranged linen shower at the home of the former, on Wednesday afternoon, Oct. 9th, in honour of Miss
Gladys McDowell, whose marriage] St Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Bristol United Church
REV. C. ARMSTRONG SALES B. D.
Farm For Sale
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
Y on are invited to see the new Gilson Washing Machines at Clifford Cone's, Centre St., Shaw ville, Que.
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 100 acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and terms apply to
Sunday, October 20
$2.25
The best shirt on the market ....
10.00
takes place shortly.	I "
Mrs. Wesley Hines played a wed-ing march as the bride to be Knox, entered the room which was prettily decorated with pink and white Austin, streamers.	,t
Miss Laura Barber read the toJ-| lowing adress.
Dear Gladys :
| We, your friends and neighbours have gathered here this afternoon to wish you happiness in your approaching marriage. We regret
that we shall lose from our com-	„ .	.
mnnity one who was always a kind | 10.00 a m.—Sunday School
and helpful friend; but we know — that you will readily make friends • in the district to which you are *1 going. We wish you to accept g these gifts as expressions of our 8 regard and good wishes from ns all. g ! Wc extend to you our best wishes 1 for a long and happy married life.
1 Miss Viola Elliott presented the E gifts in a decorated wagon.
1 Miss McDowell, although taken by surprise, thanked her many friends in a few w ell chosen words.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostesses.
U.
McGregor Hose
Specially Priced at
Sunday School Service at
Sunday School Service at
Sermon Subject : "A Wrestling Match”
2.00
3.0o
J. H. HORNER,
Sand Bay, Shawville, Que
V»
Wilson’s Garage
10.30
... 50cts.
Phone 22 6.
7.30
The Same Reliable Serv ce
Farm For Sale
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
ANGLICAN
Well improved farm all cleared and fenced, clay loam, all in hay. Fair buildings. Will sell on very easy terms* Apply to
f
Sunday, October 20 St Paul’s

Ford Service
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Ont.
$
11.00	a m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils

Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn St. Luke's
2.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
Farm For Sale or Rent
J. P. Wilson
s
DALE’S TINSHOP
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or less, on the seventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Shawvillc. One hundred acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, October 20 Grcermount,	Holy Com mu ion 10.30
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 2.30 Vharteris, Evening Prayer 7.00
EDWARD H. MEE, Shawville, Que.
Pulpwood Wanted
Farms For Sale or Rent
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges

I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O, B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
In Memoriam
Three good farms for sale or rent, fairly good buildings, lots of water on each place, light and heavy land six miles from Quyon, good gravel road, close to school and clmrch ; also good mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to
MR. P. J. DOLAN,
R. R. No. 3, Quyon, Que.

m

E
McIntosh—In loving memory of a dear sister, Mrs. Geo. McIntosh, (nee Amy Dean) who entered into rest on Oct. 18tb, 1938.
Her faint last wish We should like to have heard,
And breathed in her ear One Lst parting word.
Only those who have lost,
Are able to tell,*
The pain of the heart,
In not saying farewell. *	I
Sadly missed by sisters.
Gladys and Lyla
B
E
Bush Lots For Sale
m
E
E
E
Offers will be received for south half of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the Township of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. | Phone 76 A good stand of timber and wood.
Apply to
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked over.
Î
Î

W. F. PRITCHARD,
Wyman, Que.

Wanted
MacLean’s
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec
y
Seretary Manager for Shawville Cooperative Hatchery. For full particulars apply to
RED & WHITE STORE
L
NORVAL KILGOUR, President Shawville, Que.
Farm For Sale or Rent
^Igjgjgj2jgfgjgj5jgj5JËJ5J2JSJSJ5JSJ5JBI5J5f5JMB®IBJBlBI5JBJSlSî5I5f5JSJ5fEJBJSr2J2JSJSJS/BIEÎSJ2/S/ci?
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I l
11
Phone 1121
200 acres—125 acres of bnsh well-timbered, stave wood and lumber ; 75 acres tillable land, with lots of water ; 2 saw mills ready to use ; planing mill ; shingle saw ; five head horses, three 3-year-old two 5-year-old ; two milk cows ; three heifers ; barn with season's crop in, not threshed, sell. For further particulars apply to
WALTER ELLIOTT, Shawville, Quebec
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Artluir Hodgine, Shawville, on Friday afternoon, Oct. 18, at 2.30 o’clock Program—Legislation. Roll call— A Quebec law I would like to have changed.
Miss Muriel Armstrong Honoured
Tractor For Sale
12 24 H,P.
Rolled Wheat, 5 lbs. package.........
Rolled Oats, per lb..................
Wheatena, per lb.....................
Walker’s Salted Sodas, I lb. package.. Macaroni,
Tapioca,
Sago,
Broken Rice Blue Rose Rice,
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar.........
Maple Butter, large tin............
Sandwich Spread, per jar...........
National Soap Chips, large package Cassia Buds, Whole Allspice, Celery Seed,
Curry Powder and Tumeric, per pkg......
G.M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package......
Hart-Parr Tractor Fully overhauled. New cylinder block head. Price—#275.00.
Apply to
Ottawa Valley Grain Product*,
Renfrew, Ont.
25c
On Tuesday evening, October 8, Lee Hudgins and Mrs. Hilliard Hudgins were juint hostesses at a nicely arranged kitchen shower, in honour of Miss Muriel Armstrong whose marriage takes place the first of next month.
The rooms were prettily decorated with pink and white streamers and bells.
Upon entering the room the bride-to-be was presented with slips of paper for a treasure hunt to various parts of the house
M rs
5c
Will rent or
Sc
12c
Rt. Rev. A. Carlisle Addresses Rally of Anglican Y PA
Rededication of youth to the important tasks which await it both as citizen and as member of the Church, was urged by Rt Rev. Arthur Carlisle at the Saturday afternoon session of the Montreal Diocesan Council of the Anglican Young People’s Association, in Allan Shatford Memorial Hall, Church of St. James the Apostle.
The present time Bishop Carlisle pointed out calls for a re-examination of the fundamental values of life. The responsibility of Church membership called for a greater appreciation, he stated, of the Church spiritual heritage and its accumulated endowments for carrying out its great task. Recognition of this living heritage called for a greater consecration to the work of the Church and a greater loyalty to Jesus Christ.¦¦¦¦
Bishop Carlisle’s message to youth preceded a discussion on ad dresses given during four previous evenings under the general subject, "New Horizons for Christ and the Church,” given by Rev. E. Reed, Mrs. Pales Jones, Rev. F. H. Wilkinson and Harold Cross. The discussion was led by Rev. J O Peacock.
Among the officers elected for the coming year was Sidney Hodgins, formerly of Shawville, as treasurer.
per lb
6c
Phone 116
Farm For Sale
• i
• I
12c
• «
12c
4 4
One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm well fenced, lots of water, fair buildings, two miles East of Shawville, Lot 5 on the 5th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to
6c
4 •

8c
I «
4 4
which was heartily enjoyed by all. _ _	^	^#
Miss Armstrong then thanked her |	M UU I M
friend in a few, well chosen words. ^^ ^_ m	-
25c
e #
BEN YOUNG,
Shawville, Que.
25c
All joined in singing ‘For She’s i jolly good fellow”.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostesses.
25c
25c
Look Here

5c
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
Elmside Women’s Institute
5c

4
« I
I «
10c
< I
• •
I I
The October meeting ot Elmside Women s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. II, H. Walsh on Wednesday afternoon, Oct. 9th.
In the absence of the president, Mrs. W. J. Murray, the chair was taken and the meeting conducted by Mrs. Leonard Angus. The Ode was sung and the Creed repeated in unison.
The roll call was answered by each one expressing opinion on certain laws of the Province of Quebec. Minutes of last meeting were read and approved and the Treasurer’s report given.
Mrs. F. Armstrong and Mrs. M R. Bailey were chosen as delegates to the Serai annual Convention at Stark’s Corners on Wednesday, October 23rd.
o
• • • •
FOR SALE—One Short Horn Bull Calj and two Shoit Horn Heifers, all red anb eligible for registration. Apply to Hclbkkt Armstrong,‘.Box 99, Shawville
FjgS Que.

WANTED—An experienced maid, aged 30 years or over, to do general housework. Apply to Mrs. C. F. 0. Powleh, Shawville. Phone 17.
%
&

ZIZV z,

CC
•0
The Hedging Lumber Go.
Ï
WANTED—Good reliable girl. Good wages offered. Apply at once to Mrs. C. W. Hodgins, 50 Mount Joy Street, Timmins, Ont.

\
rm
^wonrld|
FRUIT

X
\
WANTED— A good farm, fair size, suitable for mixed farming. Apply to Wilfred Laughren, Charter!#, Que.

CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
Miss Gladys McDowell Honoured
Mrs Herbert C. Hodgins enter Conveners’ leports tained at her home on Wednesday Agriculture by Mrs. Hailey ; Edu afternoon, Oct 2nd, in honour of cation and Better Schools, by Mrs. ,
Miss Gladys McDowell, one of this H H. Wahh and Legislation by W month’s brides.	Mrs. H. I. Smith	I
During the afternoon Miss Me A paper, "Why Hritian Fights”
Dowell was presented with ft sum by ft H Tawney, Professor of of money from her many friends. Economic History, University of presentation being made by Londolli wa9 read by Mrs. Hailey.
pink and white streamers and Red Crops knitters expressed dis autumn blossoms, Miss Minerva satisfaction with the grade ot
Corrigan played suitable piano i wool furnished. m„8ic	1 Meeting closed by singing the
Mrs. Stewart Crawford, of Siscoe, ( ‘‘Maple Leaf Forever” and the Que., sister of the hostess, presided ‘ National Anthem.” at the tea table and other assist- A delicious tea was then served ants were : Mrs. Russell Lucas and hy the hostess who was assisted the Misses Melba Hodgins and i by Mrs U ni Graham and Mrs.
Enid Connelly.	Stanley Abbott.
CHRISTMAS CARDS - Be sure and order your Christmas Cards early, personal and boxed assortments from
\
included
and boxed assortments from SI up. Would appreciate your order, K Woodley, Shawville.
1.00
X
X
x
X
Canadian Apple# of the finest
IPE, rosy are one
f«»ods that can be bought. They're plump and wholesome, heavy with delicious juice. Eat two or three of these every day — they’re g you 1 And be sure to serve plenty of tasty apple desserts — apple pie, baked apples, apple dumplings and applesauce.
X
FOR RALE—Three litters of Yorkshire
J.
, Shawville.
v
X
pigs, for immediate delivery. Harold Hodgins, R. R. 1, Phone ‘JO—18.
g
x
apples ood for
The
Miss
X
FOR SALE-Pa r Belgian Colts, rising two years ; one general purpose, rising three years, will exchange for cattle. Apply to Clifford Horner, R. R. No. 1, Shawville. Phone 15—10.
x
X
Phone 27
I —
was
Canadian Apples are in y< neighbourhood store. Buy th
fX
our
cm
e
\
X
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
FOR SALE-Pair Belgian Colts, rising 3 and 4 years ; cattle taken in exchange.
A. A. Rose, R. R. 2, Shawville,
X
NOW.
X
Marketing Service
DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE,
OTTAWA
Honourable
Janie* G. Gardiner, Miniater ^
X
X
Apply to Phone 22—25.
x
x
— i
X
X
X
Shawville,
Quebec
X
X
X
s

FOR SALE — One General Purpose
Smiley. | w Phone,
X
Mare Foal. Apply to Kenneth H. it. No. 1, Shawville, Que. 15 19.
yizizi/iyi/!/|/;zi/iziZ!Zi/:|zizi/'Z,ziziziziziz!/MZizi/iziz,ziZiZ:Ziy,ziziziaiy,/iziziziziziziziziZ'Z
he 6000 AMO GOOD FOR YOU
%
