###PAGE###1###

SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, lMti
No 50, 50th Year
$1.90 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
PERSONAL MENTION
OOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
ENGAGEMENT
Stark’* Corners Y. P. V., are presenting their comedy of rural life,
•'Hardscrabble Faim" in Murrell’s Community Hall, on Friday evening, June Oth, at 8 15 o'clock. An enjoyable comedy. Prices, 25 and 15 cent».
Elmside Women's Institute will meet at the home of Mr*. Leonard Angus, on Wednesday afternoon,
EvBrE HE 5
children.	•	Mi*e Edith Prltchaid of Wyman, | ()n Mend*y next, June 12th,
,a8,s-4r- ggqs?a5a53
Misa Phyllis Lawrence, of Otta payers.
wa, was a week end guest at the Permission to operate another	ill
home of'Mr. and Mr,. Herbert C licenced hotel in Shawville is
Hudgins.	soiight,from two sources, Messrs. . «ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, «te.
a* Li Xu,. ,	, will be made by the Quebec Liquor	Wednesday afternoon.
thS"w?Kt^:'%mjTZ Com mission.______ A,Ho,e,,C.-Pb.„'.B.„
SvTOh;1, “#ry BiC“°Mt W1I.O»'. G.W	'
Mrs. Emma Ko, rester, of Wan- Entered Sond^Night
«Si Jil ssss HARLAND R0WAT
blliott, In town.	the cur entrance on Main Street	NOTARY PUBLIC
b "btoÏÏaSfTÜ SK-dSSÏ?. ï?e\h«£J*‘,t",C,ni:n°,."',ri	- MriîllJUni».r.lt,
and Mr. Clifford Sharpe, left on the building Monday morning, but 8MAWVILLE, OUE.
ssestf	"=—
at the home of Mrs. Dean", par- were left opan and an effort made
'	.	to get the back door open.	,	.	0 . . __ _______
It is thought this breakin will| OSCAR LAFLAMME
Miss Marjorie Judd returned to link up with robbenes at Cobden Timmins last week, after spending | and Douglas on Saturday night, two weeks at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Judd.
Shawville Hardware
MacKecImie, of Wynyard, Sask., is visiting with friends at Wyman.
Mr. and Mrs Asa Wilson visited! friends in Northern Ontario during the past week.
Mrs. R. M
UrVmmond—Budorick
Mi. ami Mrs Malcolm Drummond,
( f 81)8 wville, Que., announce the
»vX EICorlw 6m1 "1 Somerset Street.
Mr. end Mr» tier Id Broivii, idCé'i'.d	j!l%.	'	Oltlwa, Ontario
Ma no tick, were week end gtieat* at t„ke ,,|nc.e thti K,tter part of Ji the home of Mrs. T. Shore.
en
Seasonable
Requirements
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all year
une
Piebielte for Second Licensed Hotel
Attend a an established
t
es.
W. I. COWLING,
President
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellants
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
of house plants.
The Perk men Ladiea Guild will hold e aele of home made cooking end fancy work, in Mr. Harper Rehnick'w biiaiueas atand, opposite Telephone Office. Main street, Shawville, on Saturday afternoon, June 17tb, beginning at two o'clock.

Stark's Corners United Church are holding their Anniversary Services on Sunday, June 18tb, and the Anniversary Social on the following Friday. June 23rd, on the church grounds. Further notice later.
Shawville Women's Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Lawson Corrigan on Monday evening, June 12th, at 7.90 o clock,
“Child Welfare and
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Public Health" by Mre. Hulbcrt Armstrong. Roll Call : Suggestions for school lunch. The assisting hostess is Mrs. Ü H. MacLean. •
ents, Mr. and Mrs: E H. Mee
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office: Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Anglican Play in Shawville Drawn Large Crowd
At Crozier a Garage, Cobden, the
ed with and an
safe was tarapei	¦¦¦IHH
week at the home of Mr. and Mre.
H. Imison.
The Shawville Anglican Young People, presented - their play, “Silas Smidge from Turnip Ridge , to a large audience in the theatre _3 Friday evening. The play, a three-act comedy-drama, realuring considerable dramatic ability was "skillfully handled by this young group of amateur dramatic
1 The scene was laid in the home of Thaddeus and Simplicity
guests tlurU0 gasoline, flashlightsand automobile accessories.
Douglas Creamery was apparently ransacked for money, but no cisli was missing. However, there were several C.N.R express money-orders missing but some of these were picked up later along the roadway a few miles from the village. McEachen's service station was also ransacked for cash, but none was missing.
Copper Bearing
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A
LL. B.,
O.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc
on
Mr. Don Williams and the Misses Ethel Bowden and Vera Greene, of Ottawa, were week end guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Jas P. Connolly.
Mrs H. Barnett, at rived from New York City, on Saturday, to spend the Summer months with her daughter, Mee. N A. Drummond.
Rev. Gordon Newman and family are spending this week in Montreal, the former attending the Montreal Conference of the United Church.
Uain Street
Hull, Que
Phone, Sher. 1354
FENCING
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e eery Friday evening.
McPheetere, was very artistically arranged, presenting a fine background for the play. The following young people made up the cast. Neurasthenia, Lois Boland ; Simplicity. Melba Hod-gins :	Oswald, John Howard ;
Judy, Lucille Brough ; Florence,
Myrtle StevensN, Thaddeus, Art
Smyth ; Ralph, Keith Brownlee jj Mr. Jason Cunningham returned Enid, Amy Corrigan ; Leola, IdemT \0 Timmins, on Saturday, he was Brownlee ; Ben. Bruce Elliott; accompanied by Mrs. William Silas, Louis Judd ; Wayne, Herbie Millions, the Misses Laura Millions,
Wickens ; Muriel, Lorna Wilson. Hazel Cameron and Edith Pirie.
Besides the players, the following	p ,f .	, u A H n
young people made an appearance Rev. J. M. Pi itch a rd, B A.^B.D., ms villagers :	Pansy Campbell, of Southminster United Church,
&U M?K,y. Jean >dd. holly Lethdridge Alta was elected Tnrrieff, Lindsay Judd, Ted and president of the Alberta Confer-George Reid	ence. at the annual meeting held
A local orchestra consisting of in Calgary.
Misses K, Elliott and V. Swartz, Mrs. Joseph Lester and Mrs Messrs. George and Ted Reid and £)avi^ McTiernau, of Bryson, have E. Swartz, under the leadership *penfc the past two weeks at the of Lindsay Judd, provided music hon3e of Mrs. F. A. Parker in during the evening. Several vocal Toronto, and also at the home of selections were also rendered by Mrs. Robt. Whitmore the former's Bert Swartz.	sister in law, at St. Catharines,
Mr. Herbert Wickens, president and friends at Niagara Falls.
W - .cCI-r,. of
assisted in making the evening so smith, Mis. Root. Hammond, of e.ir.f.t»aer»l	Aylmer. Mrs. H. H. Horner, Messrs,
successful.	William and Ira Hanna. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Smart, Mr. Harry Corrigan and daughter, Mary, and Mr. and Mrs. Harper Rennick, went to Massey, Ont., last week to attend the funeral of Mr. Hugh Hanna.
Mr, Dean Howard, who has been doing police duty at Norenda for the past year, arrived home last week to take a position as salesman for his father, Mr. G. A Howard, who recently acquired
SiH'sEs crsræ nssn
_ / _	¦	* to keep the peace for one year,
Otter Lake L O.L Entertain and pay the costs. If the hitter Large Number of Visitors	are not paid by June 7th, she will
serve eight days in	.
I	I I Pi The case of Wm. Sharpe of Fort
entertained a large number of Uonlonge, charged with assault by visiting brethern at a social Samuel Ml Leant also of Fort degree meeting held on Saturday Coulonge, was put back till June evening. May 27th. The visitors 7, when Judge Achim, of Hull will included several county officers, preside! ¦	I
the degree team of United Empire _____
Lodge, Ottawa, captained < by Er — M II
GEORGES CARON
tawa
At the conclusion of the lodge room exercises a social hour was spent, when lunch was served.
Short addresses were made by the presiding Master, Grand Chaplain,
Rev. L. E Emm id, other members of the home lodge and several visiting brethren. The prog also included Hesitations by W. H Corrigan. D. Co. M * and Reginald Scobie, which were well received.

DONAT La GUERRIER
B.A., LL. ¦..
Notasy Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Starks Corners Woman’s Association
The monthly meeting of Stark's Corners Women’s Association met
in the Church ball on Thursday I Branch at Quyon ; will call any I afternoon, June 1st.	Monday on request,
Mis. J. J. Dagg was in charge ot Matters dealt with by correspondence r.he devotional period which com
1
After the crop is in will be the time to make
new and repair the old fences
by singing a Hymn, followed by a scripture reading from Timothy. Mrs. Len ni* Dean read a very inspiring article entitled, “This thing cometh from me/ after which the Lord's prayer was repeated in unison.
In the absence of the president, Mrs. Herb. Brown, an honorary president, Mrs. Seeil Sly, took charge of the business part of the meeting. A report was given on the sunshine basket, but the proceeds will not be turned in until the next meeting. Plans were made for the anniversary services and social which will be held during the month. A dainty lunch was served to about fifty-five seventeen of whom were members of the association, by fhe hostesses Mrs. John A Dean, of Shawville, Mrs. Secil Sly and Mrs. Lennis Dean. Mr. Pokes closed the meeting by repeating the benediction.
Mrs Wm. Belland Found Guilty Of Poisoning Dogs
At the session of Maje*trnte's Court held at Campbells Bay on Wednesday of last week, Mrs. Wm. Bëlland Judge Boland M
favourite
menced
We have just received a new shipment of
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PACE WIRE
1»» MAIN STREET.
RHONE, 2-22
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot's Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p in. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
and our prices are right
Heavy Weight Stelco Standard Gage

7—40 Seven Strands 40 inches high 44 cts. per rod
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
55 “ “	“
a
n
8—42 Eight
42
44
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
7—26 Hog Fence, uprights 12 inches 30 44	“ 44
39	44 44	44
Sports Day at Fair O rounds Juno 9th
MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 63 8 8

44
44
44
7—20
44
Arrangements are being completed for the Sports Day, sponsored by local business men at the Shawville Fair grounds, on Friday afternoon, June 9th.
A full programme of athletics for adults and children will be run off, with soft ball tournaments, bicycle races, etc. Horse races will include two classified events, in which several local and outside horses are competing.
Music for the aftern	Ji ¦
supplied by Shawville Boys Band. In the evening a mixed dance will
be held in the Theatre Hall.
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Poultry Fencing
18 Strands, 48 inches high, 55 cts per rod
appeared before mar, charged with
18—48
BILAIR 3 257

will be
un»
D. J. CAMPBELL
Poultry Netting
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Four feet high, two inch mesh, 6 cts: per foot
Otter Lake L. O L. No. 1301
Tatooing Chicken*
Phone SI.
Last year many chicken raisers this district suffered heavy loses when their chicken houses' were raided by thieves, and we know
Allions to of these
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
7 “
44	44
44
44
44
Six
4#
44
m
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
onr people are very i prevent a recctrnmce.	¦
outrages this year. Recently The Equity had a talk with county detective, Robert French, when this matter was brought up, and he very strongly advised raisers to have their birds tatooed Sever-ml tlmeelaet year he would po* sibly have been able to establish convictions if the owners had been able to identify their birds. In order to give police proper co operation in running down these raiders we ad vile raisers to have proper identification marks on their chickens. Full information regarding tatooing will be gladly furnished by Claude Elliott, sec ty of Clarendon Farmers’ Club, or the Agronomist» N. A. Drummond. {
Steeples, Nails, Spikes, Brace Wire
¦. A., m. c L. -
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell*» Bay from Friday night Monday night of each week
At Campbell's ay
to
Friday, Saturday and Monday
H. K. NEILSON, *1.0.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
run
W. G. CHISNELL
Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Specialist
ILOlNe
Auctioneer jjy B*MI" Superior Court
membership steadily increasing.
The lodge room has recently been repaired and re furnished.
01
Quebec
Shawville
District e
OTTAWA. - ONT.
MOtfi, Î-7S01
SHAWVILLE • QUE.
=*
###PAGE###2###
» «* à w
proprietor to bring forth a feast. The proprietor obeyed. The feast consisted of hot dogs and soda pop, and the Weasel received these comestibles into the back of the
Quality Is Superb

i

m
f
\]

m
%
car

“Drive on,” he said to Joe.
Half a mile farther along he or dered him to turn off on a side road and stop. Then he doled out rations.
Kelly eyed the unholy meal with distaste.
“This is an outrage,” she said. “We’ll all get scurvy or something. “Couldn’t we go into some place and sit at a table like white people?”
“Not a chanct,” said the Weasel. “Youse might double cross me.”
Kelly sighed. 'What a suspicious mind you have, Mr.—Mr. haven’t the advantage of your last
name.”
“It’s Weynowski.'*
“How euphonious. Can you give us a brief resume of the Central European situation, Mr. Weynowski?”
“Huh?” said Ed the Weasel.
“Hotter skip It, I guess. But do you honestly expect us to live on stuff like this all the way to Can-


DELICIOUSLY CRISP AND NUTRITIOUS
I
M



F.-Sr
.


A
\	With a glass	/
A	of milk- a *
l \	great meal	\

< ' »

#

fr
at





%
/
ça
a
«
À Popular Jumper Drees
half cups water and the same of sugar; add to pineapple, bring to boiling point. Boil ten minutes, simmer five. Also add to this a sprig of mint, crushed or chopped. Remove from heat, separate juice from fruit. Tint the juice a pale green. Return to heat, adding fruit again to juice, boil for
Then chill.
“Da Roll's tired," said the Weasel. with compassion.
“Don't you believe It, pal," said “Modern womanhood can't
take It. that's all."
“Pal." said Kelly disgustedly. “Just a couple of brother Elks, aren't you?"
“Go to sleep, advised Joe.
And Kelly did. The Ford rolled easily over the wide smooth highway. The steady drone of the motor was soothing. Presently her eyes closed. Her head turned a little to one side. Miss Kelly Archer went bye-bye.
The Weasel broke a long silence.'
“Llssen, guy," j)e said, come you're takln’ dis so easy? You know wot I mean. You don't act like you give a damn If you go to Canada."
“Why should I?" said Joe. “Canada or Canarsie, what's the difference? It's the gypsy In me. Anyhow, Canada listens better than Boston about now."
“But da dame’s got a yen to go to Boston, ain't she?"
"Dames get funny ideas." said
Copyright 1936, NEA Service Ime
BY EDWIN RUTT
Joe.
2»
onct an' she double-crossed me. Never again."
“Good man," said Joe. taking a curve neatly.
Kelly shot him a murderous look out of clear blue eyes.
“I suppose," she said acidly, “that this fits iu beautifully with your plans?"
“Sure," Joe chuckled.
“Oh! You've found something to laugh about?"
“Have I?" said Joe. "I'm laughing at Gilbert holding the bag up at the Copley Plata."
Kelly ground white teeth. “I could kill you."
“1 wouldn't," said Joe. “Then you’d be all alone with Tartan here."
“Youee talkin' about me?" put in the Weasel suspiciously.
“Certainly, darling," growled Kelly. "You’re never out of our thoughts."
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANDHAM—hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked Into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into 60, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
»


4


about five minutes.
Serve the pineapple quarters in a sherbet glass with convcxf edges towards centre. Add a few drops of lime juice, a few grains of salt and pour over all, the strained Garnish with a sprig of
ada?"
The Weasel grinned. An Idol of ancient Egypt, tickled beneath the nose with a featherduster, might have produced the same expression.

i
9

i
M
\
$ # #
syrup, mint.
PINEAPPLE CHEESE SALAD
1 tablespoon gelatine % cup cold water % cup boiling water
1 tablespoon sugar Few grains salt
1 cup crushed canned pineapple % cup whipped cream 2/S cup grated cheese
Soak gelatine in cold water for five minutes and dissolve in boil-
Add sugar, salt and
>
“Dis or nullin'," he said. "C'mon take a bite an’ play you’re in da
y
t
Yesterday; Starting off for Boston, Joe and Kelly are held up by a bank robber. It is clear that the robber means business.
"how
Rit*."
Joe raised his pop bottle.
“Well." he said, “down the rlv-
i ••
er:
CHAPTER IV
Ed THE WEASEL took up a position behind them. He jabbed his gun into Joe's back.
“Forward, march," he command-
“You beast," Kelly turned on him. “I believe you're actually enjoying this."
“Never had a better time in my life," said Joe. draining the bottle.
The dreadful repast over, the Weasel gave orders to resume speed. Rather after the fashion of who has dined Inadequately In a lifeboat and is now prepared to await the dictates of Destiny, Kelly composed herself for rest. She slumped down In her seat and stretched out her legs. Joe, a courtly man, took a blanket that was folded over the back of the seat and arranged It behind her head.
.“What service," she murmured.
ed.
i
I At the running-board of the Ford he halted them. Pushing them aside but still keeping them covered, he got in and clambered heavily over the front seat Into the domain of the chocolates, caramels, bonbons, i and confections.
i “Youse git it now." he ordered, j Kelly and Joe obeyed. The Weasel sat down on a wooden box and let the muzzle of his gun tickle the back of Joe's neck. i “Now," he said, with utter composure, “youse is gonna drive me to Canada."
! Kelly beat Joe to the punch.
“Canada?" she cried.
I “Yup," said the Weasel dispassionately. “Canada."
1 “But I can't go to Canada." said 1 Kelly, dismayed. “I've got a very important date In Boston."
I “Sorry, lady." said the Weasel, ! “but you ain't goln' to Boston. Dat ! burg ain't healthy fer me right now."
Joe got in a word.
“Are you summering in Can! ada?" ht> asked, with withering I sarcasm.
wa lie r. Illllllllllllllllllllllllll||||||||||||||||||||ll
crushed pineapple. When it be-to stiffen, beat in the whip-
$ *
%
Va
Stop Fighting Fate
“Why is it," Joe said to Kelly, “that women persist in fighting Fate? When 1 mentioned Kismet this morning, you scoffed. Yet here he is right with us, sitting on a case of Chandler & Sandham s Peanut Tweeties."
“Oh, shut up," said Kelly irritably.
“Hey, listen/ said the Weasel suddenly, “wot s in dis car?'
“Chocolates, caramels, bonbons, and confections," said Joe have a bonbon."
“No," declined the Weasel, after some thought, “dem things upsets me stummick."
one
Joe.
gins
ped cream and grated cheese. Turn into small wet moulds and chill. When firm, unmould on lettuce leaves and garnish with mayonnaise sprinkled with chopped red and green pepper.
PINEAPPLE TREATS
1 package lemon-flavored prepared jelly powder 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cooked pineapple juice mixed with chopped or shredded pineapple.
8 slices of fresh or canned pineapple.
Dissolve prepared jelly powder in boiling water. Add pineapple juice and crushed or chopped pineapple. Pour into individual wet moulds. Chill until firm. Turn out each mould on slice of pineapple. Top with whipped cream.
PINEAPPLE BAVARIAN
CREAM
Heading For A Hlde-uut
“Aaln'l it da truth," agreed the Weasel emphatically. "Dat a wot I always sez to Cissy."
“Cissy? Who's Cissy?"
From the region of the confectionery came a kind of audible smirk. “Me goil, dat'e who Cissy is. Da moll 1 travels wld. She's a honey, too."
“I'll bet she is," said Joe. “Where's Cissy now?"
The Weasel chuckled. "Canada, dat's where she is. Waitin' on me. We got a hideout up dere, see? When I gets da itchin’ foot I comes acrost da border, pulls a Job some-wheres and den beats It back." He paused, then added with satisfaction: “Dat's how we wolks it."
“Quite a system," said Joe. “By the way, when do you propose to permit Kel—er—Miss Archer and I to proceed in peace?"
"Huh?"
"Okay. I'll scale it down. When can dis dame and I beat It off by ourselves?"
“When I'm safe outa da U. S.
A
» +
£825
Sweet Sleep
Joe swore under his breath. He would have liked to have Joined the order of one-hand drivers, thrown his other arm around Kelly and permitted her head to rest against his shoulder. But the presence of Ed the Weasel deterred him. He shrank from exhibiting affection before the eyes of an individual who looked like something sculptured out of a mountain by Gutzon Gorglum.
srifa
/2 -20

»
Two Different Blouses • • • One Pattern!
By LOUISE LENNOX
A casual sports dress with that “little girl" look. You’ll want It the moment you see it. Make the jumper of a pin stripe or of a checked washable silk. The blouse of white eyelet batiste will captivate your heart with its intriguing neckline. Make an extra blouse in the tailored shirt neck version of silk pique, silk crepe, linen, etc., in white or in a solid color. The one-piece jumper is also smart of cotton, linen or light-weight pastel woollen.
up on the sewing machine so quickly, it will amaze you.
Style No. 2825 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 80, 32, 34, 36 and 38-inches bust. Size 16 requires 1% yards of 39-inch material with 1% yard., of ruffling for blouse; 2% yards of 39-inch material for jumper. Send Fifteen Cents (15c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to State size.
Hot Do a# and Pop
Late in the afternoon they crossed over Into New York state. When darkness fell the Weasel called a halt at an Isolated hot dog stand. From the car he commanded the
#
Their Majesties Mingle With A Canadian Crowd
2 tablespoons gelatine 1 can pineapple 1 teaspoon lemon juice % cup cold water H cup sugar
Whip from 1 pint cream.
Soften gelatine in cold water. Bring pineapple (shredded), sugar, and lemon juice to boil. Add gelatine and chill. Stir constantly. When mixture begins to thicken, fold in whip from cream. Turn into wet moulds. Serve with your favorite cookies.
*
i
!
We're Going To Canada
“Mebbe.” said the Weasel noncommittally. He pressed the gun harder against Joe's neck. “Step on it, buddy. An' don't try no tricks. When we gotta git gas. you stay In da car an' let da fillin’ station guy fill her up. An' I'll tell you da roads. I know ’em. Watch yer step now ’cause I'm right behind you. I don’t want to hoit youse kids | none, but try double-crossin' me an' i'll plug youse sure as hell."
Kelly bit her lip to hold back tears.
“What a delightful traveling companion you’re turning out to be." she managed.
'Isn't he?" said Joe.
. “How's dat?" inquired the Weasel from the rear.
“Pay no attention," said Joe. “We were practising our Sanskrit."
“You stick to English, guy," warned the Weasel.


A," said the Weasel uncompromisingly.

ISg
It’s


(To Be Continued)

run
Household
Science

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.

PINEAPPLES IN!
The season for that incomparable fruit is with us again, that of the pineapple—and they are sending out a challenge these days for the year-round favorite. This perfect fruit of the tropics will grace any menu and is adaptable to any course. Its popularity is due to two reasons; firstly it has a delicious and refreshing flavor, and secondly it is so very convenient to use. One mental reservation, which should be made to guard against later grief, is that fresh pineapple and gelatine are never on friendly terms, and under no circumstances will this fruit set unless it has been first cooked. Another tip: the addition of lemon as a flavoring gives a very distinctive flavor.
By all means watch for “pine-aple week" as announced by the fruit dealers and plan to do a liberal amount for winter use. Lack of space will not allow us to go into detail on the different ways of canning, as oven-canned, preserved, etc. I am giving my very favorite method of canning, and in the different recipes, I am endeavouring to answer your hearts' desires for a variety in each course you may be serving during the week.





Young refugees from Germany are being taught to farm In England.

i






#
1
What a Clever little Table Stove!
Coleman
t-	__
“You Pay For The Gas"
Back on the main road Joe headed the car in a direction away from Boston at the Weasel’s command.
“Why," he inquired, "are you going to Canada? To sing the 'Maple Leaf Forever' at the Toronto Exhibition?"
"I’m goin' to Canada." the Weasel told him, with amazing frank-"because the U. S. ain’t no
X

Canadian Women Declared “Lucky”

TNI
b.

o


4?
I
<>•


Home Economics Expert Says They Have Everything — Only Trouble Is That Some People Cannot Use What They Have


Makes Its Own Gas
only $545
/
o
-®*2

»
<9

;nr
ness,
place for me just now. If youse has got to know, I stuck up a bank dis morning."
sm
I
Kitchen equipment Is not complet® without this handy, one-burner table stove. Can be used anywhere—home, camp, or cabin. Makes and burn# own gas from gasoline. Light a, regulates Instantly. Safe, speedy, economical, attractive. Can be moves while burning. Fuel cannot ¦P»1 Has more fine features than any other one-burner stove. At yonr dealer’s or write for FREE literature.

Canadian women are pretty lucky, thinks Miss Frances Thompson, home economics expert, just returned from far parts of the Empire, 'Tve just realized how lucky we Canadian women are," Miss Thompson said recently.
We have everything. We really have, and I think most of us know it. We have homes; we have frleada; we have leisure, and we have life. What some of us don't know is how to use what we have. Some of us say we lack the monty to enjoy our leisure, or lack the time to enjoy our homes, or lack the freedom to enjoy our friends.
“Slaves To Ourselves"
It shouldn’t be like that. It certainly doesn't have to be. There are electrical servants to save us time and money and energy—to give us the things we think we lack.
"When I warn in Australia and New Zealand 1 saw women working in their homes without nearly as many conveniences as we enjoy. When I was In South Africa 1 saw woman working with human iw vants as substitutes for our electrical servants.”

“The North Coil is ton Bank?” asked Kelly quickly.
“Dat's da crib, lady."
"Then you're practically a financier," said Joe. "You ought to pay for the gas and oil for the
trip."
“Sure," said the Weasel affably.
“Any objections," Kelly asked, "if I get out and hitch hike to Boston? You see. 1 was going there to be married."
"Ain't you married to dis guy?" said the Weasel In some surprise.





'





>
COLEMAN LAMP & STIVE II., LTB.



m
$

I»e|H. • 7MI



;




Do This if You’re
Sk'


\



mm
CANNED PINEAPPLE (Without Cooking)
C cups diced pineapple 5 cups finest granulated sugar.
* Combine ingredients, mixing them well together in a large
leave to stand overnight. Next day, bottle in well sterilised jars. Seal tightly. Store in dry, well-aired, cool place. This method is ideal for fruit cups and cocktails and has been known to keep for over two years.
CUBAN COCKTAIL Take a meo*. m-eked p neapple.
Peel, pare and slice, eu 1 ting In quarters. Then take one and one-
NERVOUS


tom
"Not yet." said Joe. “But she's got hopes."
The Weasel took Kelly s case
went into a
IXTKLSTK
far
Cover, stir frequently and
under advisement, huddle with himself and presently came to a decision.
"Sorry, lady," he said, "but you I gotta stay here da bulls on me frail."
I V*Why. l would n't dream of doing «Deli a thing." maid Kelly, outraged. “Honestly, 1 wouldn't."
"New." laid the Weasel. "1 can't
sted a moll
Bd Mp boi
sïïbl:
l'.nkhnmX
S3
•id lm


You might put

.v.;
0.000 i L'tdnuus
9555f

;
Mi l iU

Enchanting the crowd* that packed ground them the King and Qu< are shown at Toronto’s Woodbine Park race track, where nearly 50,000 people watched them a» they viewed the running of the King's Plate and made the presentation to the winning owner afterwards.
let
Issue No. 22 — ’39
B
9. I
ike so c
###PAGE###3###

A saucepan which has been oui
of use for some time and which
has become rusty can be cleaned
with olive oil. Rub the saucepan
well with the oil and leave it on over night. Scour thoroughly with a flannel dipped in bathbrick, wash in hot soapy water, and then rinse out with boiling vfater.
Stiff silks are continued for afternoon wear by Vionnet. Most surprising is the use of a considerable quantity of black taffeta
Another
afternoon idea is a grosgraln coat of violet-blue with collar edging of eyelet topping a chiffon dress in banded colors of violet blue, mauve-pink, and soft light blue.
Chauffeur To The King and Queen
Sunday
School
Lesson
How Can I?
for afternoon dresses
•Y ANNE ASHI 1Y
Q.—How can I stop the squeaking of the porch swing?
A.—Wrap a small piece of leather, cut from an old shoe, around each hook of the swing, or other similar moving article, and It will stop the squeaking.
Q.—How can I give a golden brown color to coffee?
A.—Instead of using cream In the coffee, bring some milk Just to the boiling point, and pour it while steaming hot into the hot coffee. Use Just enough of the milk to give the coffee a golden brown col-

By William
Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON X
s AUL PLEADS HIS OWN CASE Acta 2lz27—23:11! 24:10—26.32 Printed Text—Acts 21:40—22: 4| 24:14.16; 26:19-23.
Golden Text.—I have lived before God in all good conscience until this day. Acts 23:1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—All of the events recorded in these six chapters occurred A.D. 58 to CO.
Place.—Jerusalem and Cac$a-
nr

*
M



*
!
t
or
I
XMt
Q —How can I clean leather goods?
A.—Leather can be very nicely cleaned by rubbing with one part vinegar and two parts linseed oil, then polishing with a dry cloth.
Q.—How can I lessen excessive perspiration under the arms?
A.—Dissolve one-half teaspoon of ordinary cooking soda In a small cupful of water, and apply. This solution Is very cooling.
Q.—How can I remove the burned edges of a cake?
A.—Use a fine grater and rub lightly over the black parts, and remove the crumbs. Place the Icing on the new surface and no apologies will be necessary. Do not put Icing on a cake that Is burned on the edges.

*

rea
In the former part ol chapter 21, we have an account of Paul’s reception when he can o' to Jerusalem on the last visit which he ever paid to the Holy City.
21:40. And when he had given him leave, Paul, standing on the stairs, beckoned with the hand unto the people; and when there was made a great silence, he spake unto them in the Hebrew language, laying, 22:1. Brethren, and fathers, hear ye the defence which 1 now make unto you. 2 when they heard that he spake unto them in the Hebrew language, they were the more quiet: and he eaith, 3. I am a Jew, bora in Tarsus of Cilicia, but brought up in this city, at the feet of Gamaliel, instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers being zealous for God, even as ye all are this day: 4. and I persecuted this Way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women. The charges against Paul which were made by this multitude were absolutely false.
iW HORNED TOAD
. IS NOT A 7D4A ANC> ^ IT IS NOT HO/ZNEC>/
nr IS A L/ZA&O, AND THE.* horns ARE MERE TUBERCULE*

l/é
'{•dt

Chauffeur of the governor-general, Thomas Southgate, is shown here at the wheel of one of the cars he is driving throughout Canada as acting chauffeur to Their Majesties during their Canadian tour. A boy® the windshield of the car can be seen the royal crest and behind it the blue light that will "be used to illuminate it at night.
AVERAGES LESS THAN
CWJT Focrr at the
ATLANTIC END OF" THE PANAMA CANAL/
And
AT THE PACIFIC END Krr AVERAGES MORE THAN
TWELVE
» V
log Insects is usually quite apparent, but the presence of the other kind is only shown at first by a wilting or withering of the foliage. For sucking pests, chief of which are the aphids or plant lice, spray with whale oil soap, a quarter pound of soap to a gallon and a half of water; nicotine sulphate, or ‘Black Leaf 40', or any other repellen* secured from a reliable seed store.
GARDENING
r
Dahlias, tomatoes, large cosmos or nicotine, young shade trees, new climbers, all benefit from some artificial support while they are getting started.
For tall Individual flowers or tomatoes, 6-foot stakes of wood or steel are advisable and the plant is tied to these loosely with soft tfclne or raffia. Stouter and perhaps longer stakes will be used with shade trees, and correspondingly shorter ones for the smaller flow-era. With vines getting ready to cling to fence or wall, string is used or perhaps adhesive tape or staples where it is Impossible to
Trained Men Obtained
Nearly 60 students recruited from the departments of geology and mining engineering at Ontario universities will participate.
Among others Dr. A. Brant will conduct a geological and magnetometer survey east and west from the producing mines in the Little Long Lac Belt, near Geraldton in the Thunder Bay district. This will be the biggest geo-physical examination ever conducted by the department.
Dr. M. E. Hurst, provincial geologist, wil investigate recent developments In the Porcupine area and examine properties In different parts of the province.
Dr. Hurst said he thought the 1939 exploration program warn am large as la.it year, which set a record for provincial survey work.


A HOMING PIGEON,
RELEASED IN FRANCE, f ON AUGUST .15, I <531, REACHED ITS HOME IN INDO-CHINA, 7200 M/LÆS AWAY. JUST 24- DAYS LATER..
Ontario Explores Northern Fields
75 University Geologists and Students Will Search Out New Mine Areas This Summer
Felix was a brother of the favorite of the Emperor Claudius, sppointed to be procurator in Palestine, who had married the grand-daughter of Antony and Cleopatra. He arrived in Palestine in A.D. 62. The cynical disregard of Felix for justice and his inordinate greed are both brought to view in his treatment of the apostle Paul. How easily and courageously and manfully Paul conducts himself before this ‘Roman officer. From a -denial of false charges he proceeds to an affirmation of his faith.
Talk# To Guilty People 14. But this I confess unto thee, that after the Way which they call a sect, so serve I the God of our fathers, believing all things which are according to the law, and which are written in the prophets; 16. having hope toward God, which these also themselves look for, that there shall be a resurrection both of the just and unjust. 16. Herein I also exercise myself to have a conscience void of offence toward God and men always. The apostle proceeds to tell Felix exactly what had happened in the temple; and then he challenges his accusers to contradict with any adequate evidence the statement he has made. This was enough for Felix. He would not himself give a decision this day, but he would wait for further evidence. After certain days the apostle was sent for, and this time spoke not only to Felix but to his wife Drusilla, the youngest of three daughters of Herod Agrippa I, who was married in A.D. 63 to Axizus, the king of Emeso, but who not long afterwards was persuaded by this very person, Felix, to leave her husband and to join him as his third wife. This time Paul did not offer defense of his actions, but
mmmm
ble
tie
NEXT: What Is the absolute xero?
FILLING IN
It is a good plan, old gardeners state, to use started annual flower plants of the kinds mentioned above for planting among tulips and other spring flowering bulbs which will be past their best In a few more weeks. They need something to hide dying foliage. Then again quick growing annuals will always be useful for filling any blind spots In the perennial beds where Winter has been unusually severe.
Hon. Paul Leduc, Ontario minister of mines, has announced a diverse and widepsread program of geological Investigation by more than 75 workers this summer.
| Champion Tennis Player |
m----------------------
14	Sailors.
15	Living r.u
pieds Lutr.
16	He is a 19 He was
chosen the No 1-----of last
Answer to Previous Puzzle
TlYiM'P aInK
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Pictured	rr
tennis	&-i
champ;o t.	b.^
11	Olive shrub,
12	Threefold.	IA
13	Kind of sponge spicule
15	Goddess of youth.
16	Scarlet.
17	Paid publicity.
J8 Striped fabric.
20	Being.
21	Musical note.
22	To soak flax.
23	He won three 44 Hops kiln,
championships 46 Wine vessel at-----this 48 To scatter.
50 He was a

A
NOTES
N
C
V
H
DO
RADIO
gt/wgae»
OnMhO-IP
I E
BHHHl|HCTnrapjl51 Q
ikJiyikJ il U
NEWS
AND
year.
23	To marry.
24	Canoe.
25	Circular walL
26	Otherwise.
27	Neither.
29 Beer.
§1 30 Force.
33	Skillet.
34	Supped.
40 Animal.
42 Kilns.
44 Poems.
member of the 1 To accomplish 45 Joker.
Davis Cup
GARDEN PESTS
Garden Insect enemies are divided Into two groups,—those that eat holes in the foliage and those that suck out the juices. For the first named, poison is usually applied, while the suckers are attacked with a burning spray which penetrates. Often when both are present, a combination of poison and something that burns, such as lime sulphur and arsenate, gives the best results. The damage from the bit-
BpHfl
GmaaHHfl 113HW1BIBB
der, conducts the Ford Sunday Evening Hour beginning July 11 . . . Hlldegarde rejoins Raymond Paige on June 14 the air for the summer on July 8 ... "District Attorney" goes on the half-hour schedule starting July 27.
Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra will be sponsored next Fall. The backing will come from a co-operative effort on the part of those represented at the New York World’s Fair.
TO BE HEARD: June 2, 3 p.m. NBC — U. S. Navy Band CBC — Their Majesties visit Ed-^I First
UNSUNG HEROES Few people on duty in connection with the royal visit to Canada are working harder and under more nerve-racking conditions than the announcers who are describing the various events for radio listeners. Day in and day out these men follow the royal party to detail the ceremonies and other events so they may become word-picture# surmounting time and space and giving the royal tour the form of a vast, vivid panorama of sound that spans a continent.
These commentators work without a script. Beyond a few notes Jotted down quickly on a piece of they are thrown upon their
Phil Baker leaves
61 Russian empress.
VERTICAL
year.
28 Harbor.
31	Lubricant.
32	Prickly pear.
35	To ignore.
36	Onager.
37	Angry.
38	Bronze.
39	To decay.
41 Aurora.
43 Mesh of lace
47	Acidity:
48	Also.
49	Eagle.
51	Before.
52	Witticism.
54	Blackbird.
55	Tumor.
56	Street.
59 Sun god.
2	Ancient
3	Requires.
4	Ridge.
5	Crown.
7	Indian.
8	To preclude
9	Swimming
<pl.)
and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the country of Judaea, and also to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, doing works worthy of repentance. All the years since his conversion had Paul tried to do nothing but obey this command from heaven, and yet because of this obedience did the Jews desire to put him to death. 21. For this cause the Jews seized me in the temple, and assayed to kill me. 22. Having therefore obtained the help that is from God, I stand unto this day testifying both to small and great, saying nothing but what the prophets and oses did say should come; 23. how that the Christ must suffer, and how that he first by the resurrection of the dead should proclaim light both to the people and to the Gentiles.
And what of the verdict? There has not been a true official verdict passed upon the apostle Paul in all these different trials, and there is no official verdict passed here, but Agrippa and Festus both agreed that this man had done nothing worthy of death or of bonds, and might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar. Paul must go to Rome!
53 Raven’s cry.
56	Ulcer.
57	Fungus disease.
58	Heavy blow 60 Act of shaving bird
the head
7:00
8:00 CBS June 3, 5:00 p.m. CBC
monton
Nigh ter
Their Majesties visit Saskatoon . . . . 8:30 NBC — Avalon Tijpe . . . . 10:00 NBC — Arch Oboler’s play . .. Juno 4, 11:30 a.m. CBS — Major Bowes Capitol Family p.m. CBS
paper *¦!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
resourcefulness as Improvisators. They have a rough Idea of what Is going to happen but mostly they must describe the details, many of them unforeseen, instantaneously. And Their Majesties have been winning Canadian hearts by doing unforeseen and spontaneous things. The radio commentator must be all prepared for them.
He Is also expected to be a walking encyclopedia of information. He must know something of the intricacies of royal ceremony, the details of uniforms. He rarely knows In advance what dress the King will wear, whether he will appear as an admiral of the fleet dress or undress, field marshal or honorary colonel. The commentator must be prepared to describe at a moment’s notice the exquisite and elaborate gowns worn by Her Majesty, the Queen.
He Is. In short, one of the unsung
10 Half an cm
i
2:30
12
I
Words Without Music — Chase and San-9150 CBC — Their
. . . 8:00 NBC born Hour . . ..
Majesties at Sioux Lookout . . . June 5, 6:50 p.m. CBC — Their Ma
7:30 CBS-
m
5
A

4
1
#
jesties in Sudbury Eddie Cantor’s Show (new) . . . . June 6. 8:00 p.m. CBS — Edward G. Robinson in "Big Town ” . . . . 8:10 p.m. CBC at Windsor . . , mation Please
any
preached a sermon of searching power to these wicked people, on righteousness and temperance and judgment to come.
Once again there is no verdict; charges have not been proved, Paul is not convicted, yet he is
free Hl|l|||||||||||||||il|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
Paul is not broken, nor is he now in any mood to compromise. The longer the trial goes on, the greater a man Paul appears to be.
Before Festue anfl Agrippe
After two years Felix was succeeded by one Jorcius Festus, as procurator of Judaea. The Jews, ktill seeking the death of Paul, tried to persuade Festus to send Paul down to Jerusalem from Caesarea, hoping to kill him on the road; but Festus refused, insisting that the Jews come up from Jerusalem instead, and bring their charges once more into the Roman court, "which they could not prove.” There was nothing else for Festus to do but to accede to Paul’s requeit, and sooner or later send him up to Rome for final
trial.
It happened about this tune that Rerod Agrippe II, king of Chslcii, with his sister Berenice, came on a complimentary visit to the new
and stayed some days.
2
I
0

— Their Majesties 8:30 NBC — Infor. . . June 7, 3:30 The Royal Party In 7:30 CBC
32
I
p.m. CBC Hamilton
Majesties at Nlagara^HHii
ggU. S. Secretary Cordell Hull escorts Their Majesties to the States . .
NBC, CBS, CBC Roosevelt welcomes the King and Queen at Washington NBC, CBS and CBC — Special concert of English and American musts honoring the royal visit.
Their
Thank God also,
full
10:15 on
3
CBC
June 8, Noon, on — President
9:00 p.m
heroes of the tour.
AROUND THE DIAL
Don Voorhees, popular band lea-
61
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Moving Business
r,

TELL HOUR POP TO HAVE THE MONEY READY AH' I'LL BE UP TO THE HOUSE AT FOUR O'CLOCK/
MY POP SAID
he'd qivE
TWENNY-FIVE DOLLARS TO ANYBODY WHO COULD BREAK HIS LEASE/
WISHT I KNEW HOW TO MAKE TWENNY-FIVE DOL LAP S, AN' ^ I D BUY THAT
bicycle / Æ6


! #
I
i
i
£

1

a
/
f
1 >
I
*•
povrmor.
Festus took advantage of this opportunity of consulting one better informed than himself on the points in question. Paul brought before Agrippa.
19. Wherefore, 0 king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the ? » avenly vision ! 20. but declared both to them of Damascus first,



3

\\
Vi
*)
• I
was


iJ

Wff7
•h
I
###PAGE###4###
Shnwville Council
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
DISCOVERED
Shawville, June 5, 1938
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes Hall on the above date. Present :	His Worship
Mayor G. O. McDowell, in the chair, ! and Councillors R. P. Hades, t\. O Hades, C. N. Woodley, G. A. Howard, H Cotie and J. M. Argue.
The minutes of hot meeting were read and approved on motion of <>«. A. O. Hades Howard. •
The following bills were submitted to the Council.
Labour, streets, dump and waterworks ....
Gatineau Power Co.,
lighting.......
Gatineau Power Co., water
works................».
Provincial Treasurer, board of
Ross Swartz...........
Leslie Dale, ..............
Lee A Hodgins, ............
Hodgins Lumber Co.,........
lx. P. Hades,..............
John L Hodgins ... . ......
Mrs. R. Howard.............
O A. Howard & Son, cedars..
Herb Speiberg, ............
Motion by Crs. R. P. Hides-Woodley, that the foregoing hills be paid—Carried A claim of H. B. Way for $33.00 was deferred for future consideration.
Moved by Crs Howard A. O. Hades, that this Council be authorized to borrow a sum not exceeding $1,000.00 from the Rank of Montreal to meet the unforseen and immediate needs of the corporation, pending the collection of the general and special taxes of the I current and fiscal year, ending the 31st of December, 1939.—Carried.
, Moved by Or. Woodley seconded by Ci. A. 0. Hades, that this Corporation right to solicit business in any town, purchase a sight for a dump from C.
providing, of course, it pays a business Caldwell, comprising two or three acres tax where imposed. This is purely of land and forming part of Lot No. 3,
business, but to suggest .he diacontin- "Vîsoo'Ôl^sb and 'that the Mayor uance of patronage to a home product and Cr Votie be authorized to sign and is something rc do not sanction. Per- accept the necessary Deed of Sale.— haps this voluminous Pembroke paper • Carried.
is not an exponent of “home trade” and Moved by l r lx. I. Hades secon e<
,	, _ .	.	.	| by Cr. Argue, that the following reso-
has .. dehmte purpose m employing ,'tion 1h> ftdo|lted .
# this type of representative. We notice. | That the Electors of the Village “of
however, that it enjoys the patronage of Slmwville be consulted before any re
a full page advertisement sponsored by commendation is made by this Council , ...... n «	, ,	•	.	- to issue a second hotel license under
thirty leading Pembroke business houses, tbe By.Lawg of lhi. Corporation, and
solely boosting home trade. Surely ! tbat voting take place for that purpose
this great paper is in aecord with the on Monday, the twelfth day of June, !
advertising of its home town merchants , 1939. (For full text of this resolution
see
Motion by Cr. Howard, seconde! by
HHHHHH^HHHHI|H|Cr Argue	t->
If so, this paper should have some | Monday evening, June 12th, 1939, at j
consideration for the “h »me trade” of
SHAW VILLE, JUNE Sth, 1939
High Pressure Stuff
How to Avoid Losses from
The other day an agent from the Pembroke Standard Observer called at
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
COCCI DIOSIS
Chevrolet,
Sales
several Shawville homes soliciting subscriptions for that Ontario publication, and in his silestalk strongly suggested the discontinuing of subscription to the only home paper. As wv heard of this procedure from several of our loyal friends, we wondered what this big town paper would think of the ethecal, well edited Renfrew Mercury if its agents went into Pembroke and solicited in this manner. We venture to say the big Standard Observer would not like it. We dare say this agent of the Pembroke pa;»er would net attempt this method of salesmanship in Renfrew, The Mercury is too big. The idea of this Pembroke agent is to crush the px>r, struggling palter of smaller towns and villages, that cannot possibly compete in size owing to a much smaller advertising patronage, but, nevertheless, emtributes to most all home functions, pitronizes home stores, supports all 1 >cal churches by way of publicity, and piys municipal taxes including an extra levy for the business.
The Pembroke Standard-Observer, or any other publication, has a perfect
x

X
Announcing
e-Ka-Gene
$ 63 40
street
62 83
x
30 28
x
4 63
A New Compound That Helps Poultrymen
Avoid Heavy Losses From
>
10 23
12	83 ft 10 1 90
36 20 ft 00
13	00 3 00
\
Fence
Requirements
For Your
Bloody Coccidiosis
The most common and deadly form of poultry coccidiosis is probably the greatest single source of mortality a moil'll g growing stock. In some section*, it is estimated coccidiosis kills nearly fifty per cent, of the chicks started.
"preventives' have failed to stop huge lom«e@, buttermilk or Epsom salts, litter sprays, — have possibly helped some men have continued to lose their birds.
v
x
All "cures'* and
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company's Famous Tight Lock Fencing
Flushing with spraying the litter with costly
However, poultry-
i
Entirely New Method Discovered
But in recent years certain scientists and institutions, investigating along new and different lines, have made startling and encouraging discoveries
Pratt laboratory workers have completed and perfected this work into a new scientific compound that positively helps poultrymen avoid heavy losses.
This new product is called Pratts C Ka Gene
Works toy a New Principle
Pratts C Ka Gene is neither a "cure ’ nor a “preventive* ! It attacks coccidiosis by a new and totally different principle.
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
IN
\
J. L. HODGINS
This new principle is summed up in one word “IMMUNITY”
The secret
Phone 64-Je
meaning “permanently protected from 'coccidiosis of establishing immunity lies not in preventing coccidiosis but rather in allowing a very light attack. Few, if any, deaths occur and the attack is so unnoticed chicks continue to make splendid

ziziziz^zizizizizizviziziziziziziziziy.ziz viz
gains
When this harmless attack subsides, the chicks have established a natural and specific “immunity” to blood coccidiosis that protects them from the disease thereafter.
Saves Labor, Money and Chicks
This new method makes all other so called “cures 1 preventives” unnecessary.
There’s no expensive flushing or spraying of the litter. Much litter is saved because droppings are more normal and dry. Less labor is required.
Yon Save Chicks !
Hades’ Eggslent Mashes now contain this new ingredient at a slight additional cost.
DALE’S TINSHOP
and industries, and, no doubt, endorses the local wide-awake Board of Trade
and
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
eight o’clock —Carried
BEATTY PUMPS
Hablaxd C. Row a r
other towns and villages, and, at least, use some discretion in the selection of its soliciting representatives.
Not having lost a single reader by this canvas for subscribers for this outside paper, The Equity does not publish this item because its “toes are pinched.” This writing has been suggested by staunch friends and loyal citi zens who were somewhat “burned up” on the manner in which this high pressure agent of the mammoth journal, the moulder of opinion, in the large Ontario town solicited business.

Sec.-Treas
You Save Money !
Clarendon Council
Shawville, June 5th, 1939 Clarendon Council met on ti e above date. Present :	His Worship Mayor
Barr, and Councillors Grant, Hanna and Judd,
Minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Councillors Judd and Grant.	»
Councillors Whelen, Macfarlane and Smart entered and took their seats at the Board.
Motion—Crs. Judd and Grant—That the Rural Inspector, * T. C. Elliott, be notified to visit lots 6 and 7, range 7, the property of Messrs. John R McDowell and Edward Mee, to investigate a water course there and try to arrange an amicable settlement between them and report to this Council.—Carried.
Motion—Crs. Macfarlane and Whelen
—the following l>ifie be paid : — John Ti nders will he received by the under-
act;,;;r" - '*¦ r* >.»r
Power Co., and the Pontiac Rural Tele- 1	' ' TH08 EADE8, !he KA,"i	.,s ,authon*ed to
phone Co . that in future any brush cut	P,evident	**sue l,ce,,se8 °r permits for such par-
along their lines must be removed and Pontiace Baral Telephone Co., Ltd. ^w^M^^thP, Council"' has “no not left as menace to the madmen per	_ _	, herbal uns l mini nas no
forming their work on these roads —-- ,	to prevent the said Commis-
Carried	NOTTPE	Hl0n "om l8snm#n second license, but
The Secretary was also instructed to	; has been given to understand that the
as» «stills
si&As: :	~
..... JOHN J. O’KKEFE,
Secretary. que‘tion,
| Be It Therefore Resolved/ that on Monday, the twelfth day of June, 1939, the Electors of this Municipality shall have the privilege of casting their votes for or against the issuing of a second hotel license in this Municipality under the provisions of the existing By-Laws
Voting shall take place at Hynes’ Hall on the above mentioned date, between
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
Notice to Electors Village of Shawville
Telephone Office and Garage with two coats of paint. Tenders to be in the hands of the President not later than
June 17th.—Carried.
Motion—Ira Hanna to adjourn.
H E. Elliott,
Secretary.
Must Have Permit to Transport Milk
J. W. Delaney, Quebec regional agronomist, 102 Bridge street, Hull, announced Friday that legislations of the Quebec Dairy Products Act specify that truckers and truck owners may not transmit milk or cream without a permit from the Inspector General of Daily Products.
This stipulation does not apply to farmers or producers trucking milk or cream from their own herds, but applies only to those c rting from farms to dairy plants or similar establishments.
Ontario truckers and truck owners doing business in Quebec must comply with the Act prosecution.
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Tenders Wanted
Whereas the Council of this Municipality has been requested to recommend that the Quebec Liquor Commission issue a second hotel license under the
: 4ir2JSISI3iSrSJBJEISj3/SiS.fSJ3irSI3jSr3jEJSj3JSi
t
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES Sc SON
( Offenders are liable t<
Directors of Funeral Service
Government House Grounds Open
By kind permission of His Excellency the Governor General, the grounds of Government House will he open to the public during the Summer months, on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, between the hours of 3 and 6 p m. No games or picnicking on the grounds wilt be permitted and visitors will be con ducted about the grounds by guides. Access to any of the buildings, including Government House itself, is forbidden. The public will be admitted starting Tuesday, June 6th and ending Tuesday, September 5th.
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
John A Dean, Sec, - T reas
i Hull, May 29th. 1939
Beattie’s Eye Service
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company
NOTICE
The Directors of ibe Pontiac Rural ( Canada ,
Canadian Forest Fires	Telephone Co, Limited, met in the Province of Quebec
Increase During 1936	Telephone office at three o'clock on Fri- District of Pontiac
. ,	day, June 8nd. Present were : Thos ^°- 2061
gaiSH	^	' s&ss I##
#### : silSS "“S* W-HK5
ebsbizse mm
ncendiamm accounted for 558, handed in fo oolle-tion -Carried.	ALPHONSE MARTINEAU.	H C.„ ROWAT.
or eight per cent, L ghtnmg, the only J Motion-R J. Tracy an I Roy Mac-	clerk Magmlrat-s Court	Sec-Treas.
nmlered unavoidable, caused farlane that we rail for tenders for	^ t>0Bti»c
woodwork of the ‘¦S'5,
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service

Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
KATHLEEN M.ftOLUNS Profeui
T.T. BEATTIE, Profeesleeel Opt
wb
• set
roe
Shawville, Juno 6, 1939
I
1.046 fires or 16

###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
.Shawville ÜViTRD Church 1 R»\ A F. Foxsa fl. A, B D VAStor!
Sunday, June II	I
l! 00 a. ra.—Service al Shawville. I 1 00 p m —Service at Z ion with Sunday school.	I
3 00 p. m.-—Service at Stark'a Corners! The Minister will preach at all above
Services.
7.30 p in.—Service at Shawville
Quest speaker, Rev. L Emard, of Utter Like, Baptist church, who will speak on Religious work among the French Canadians.
The Equity
PRINTING
Estsbllaàeé lill
PUBLWHKÔ EVERY THURSDAY AT
8HAWXNLLB, QUEBEC
#
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
$1.50
# e
2.00
AU arrears must be paid In full before any paper la discontinued
Color in Smart Footwear For Summer 1939
W. O OOWAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Billheads
Envelopes,
Invoices,
i) Bristol United Church C. Armstrong Saleh, B. D. Sunday, June 11
11.00 a m., St. Andrew’* and Knox uniting for tbia Service 7 30 p in , Set vice at Austin Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper
1
Roy G. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160 P
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Flowers,
Ladies White Sport Oxfords and Sandals
¦os •••
anglican
8t. Paul’h Sunday, June 11
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School.
11.00	a m.—Morning Prayer
7.30	p m —Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.00	p.m—Sunday School
1.30	p.m —Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2 30 p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m —Evening Prayer
J
Starring value and style in a breezy new version of Summer time Classic
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
On
vite your patronage, orders of #1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
The Sandal for Women and Growing Girls
Fancy cut-outs in white, rust and black
us
$0 00 or over,phene ue collect
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
end we ehell prepay•
Ladies White and Sard Crepe Sole Oxfords
Mens Sturdy Camp Shoes Boys and Youth's Camp Shoes
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Header
10.30—North Onslow, Morning Prayer 2.30
Pbome anytime between 7 •
end 11
Charter», Evening Prayer
Many Advantages of Keeping Milk Cool
Shawville Bakery
Womens Tennis Shoes in white and brown
Misses Boys Childrens
possible that Nail k should ever be used other than in the natural way Certainly she could scarcely be expected to provide a preservative for keeping milk in bottles, pitchers or pails. But she does if given a chance. Fresh milk has been found to contain a substance called Lacetenin, which restrains bacterial growlh for a certain period. The effect of this natural preservative is loon destroyed if cooling is delayed.
Scientists have discovered that bacterial action is very marked at temperatures from 70 to 100 degrees Fahrenheit. Even at 50 degrees milk wijl tend to spoil, but if it is cooled to 40 c quickly as possible bacterial count d »es not increase so long as the temperature is kept down Even if it later warms slightly the effect of Lictentn remains for 24 hours or longer.
Milk cools very slowly in air. It takes about 12 hours to bring milk down to 50 degrees even if the air is below freezing. Cold water will cool the milk twenty times as fast, quicker still if the water is stirred, best of all if ice is used. Of course, there are now several fine mechanical devices for cooling milk but it is not always possible to have them on a farm. Details for the construction of insulated cooling tanks for the farm are given in Bulletin No. 165, "Cooling Milk on the Farm.” A
be obtained by writing to
Division, Do-
lt hardly seems ture intended that mi
Reductions on
Memorials
« #
# i
I •
ê I
• I
• I
# l
# i
• •
4 «
i s
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
I I
I #
in
Marble and Granite
Style and Comfort for Women
Dr. Clicks Shoe in widths e-ee and eee
It in natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years
of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May hit, a discount ofr 10 per cent.
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Phone 89
Mens White Buck Oxford, heavy cup sole
leather sole
crep sole, barge style
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
# s
t «
suitable
l i
• i
• •
Mens Heavy Work Boots.....*.
$2.25 and up
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Mens Dressy Oxfords,, black $2.95 to $5.25
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Old Mans Dongola Kid Bals, EE width
copy may
Publicity and Extension minion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa.
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
About the most comfortable boot, you could find for
B...V $3.75
tired, tender feet
Method ot Control of Cabbage Maggots
Phone 278
BRAY
t
At this time of the year the cabbage raagget which attacks cabbages, cauliflowers, turnips, radishes, and similar
It can be controlled
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
[HICKS
plants is active.* ¦ ¦ ¦ I I by the use of corrosive sublimate diluted in water at the rate of one ounce to 10 gallons, An important point is that sublimate should be mixed in glass, earthenware, or wooden vessels, because it loses much of its strength when brought into contact with metals.
-Two or three days after the plants | have been set out in the field, the solution should be poured over the stem and around the base of each plant, using about half a cupfhl per plant, (’are should be taken to wet the stems thoroughly, as well as the roll immediately surrounding the base. Two subsequent applications should be made, the second seven days after the first application, and the third seven days later, making three treatments in all.
In the case of radishes, the solution should be poured over the young plants about three days after they appear above ground, and a second application should be made a week later. Radishes should not be treated with the solution when they are nearly ready for use, as corrosive sublimate is a deadiy poison to human beings and animals. Great should be taken in its use at all
t
Order Bray Chicks now, and be "lucky" when egg priccs^climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.

Successor to 6. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
MacLean’s
C. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. QUB
»


RED & WHITE STORE
Heifer Astray
# #
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
4 » / w/c7Y/
Strayed on to premises of the undersigned, on or about June 1st, a two-year old heifer all white with a few red marking* Owner may have same by proving property and paying expenses incurrred.	jp
Ten Gent Table
$2.39 per cwt 2.95 " " 2.55 " "
Full-0-Pep	Egg Mash
........	Turkey Starter.
........	Chick Starter.
........	Growing Mash,
••	"	Starter & Growing Mash	2.39
"	"	"	Developing Mash
........	Scratch Grain, fine	1.79
• I
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUB
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
General Repairs
thos. McDowell,
Containing several favourite remedies,
Creams,
Soaps, Toilet Articles,
etc.	z
2.35
Charter!., Que.
Cold
Tooth Paste,
2.10
care ti rues.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
coarse 1.69 • Calf Meal 24 lb. bag .79 cents
The Bridge to Paradise
Al Siral is from Molt is that of an between
• i
The Same Reliable Service
4 •
The name gg .ammedan lore.
(ridge
Every Article a
Heal Bargain

Wilson’s Garage
this
magmary
g- Id ard the next; it extends over
of hell and must be passe ise who would reach the
HiHHfllEjJlt is said

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Phone 40
vonc _
he abyss ell
Mohammedan para * o be very narre
oy
Seed Corn
BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
os narrow, some of a ca s speed is rtue The t the weight of
and plunge int
«U
THE CORNER STORE
Desirable block of land containing and a half acres, situated in the
1 l
e c
Pride of Nishna, Learning, Golden Glow, Bailey, Sweepstake and Longfellow
writers say b!ad<
oropi
a^
township of ( larendon, just south ot Shawville vilhge limits. Dwelling house ami out*- -lings For further particulars apply to,
P. O. P>. x IS4,
’V	Shawville, Que
In cro«
rtipm d t<

Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
SHAWVILLE.
I l

>n property
u

to
iht r sms, are 1 the bridge at all
SHAWVILLE - QUE
'
w
QUE.
pu.
###PAGE###6###
¦WW*

well In Chile, Meslco and California.	,	¦ . i '
The oil of the tree la valued as a great beautlfler and I# Included In a great number of toilet preparation*. It la even more highly prised a* a base for salad dressings.
Olive Trees Are Very Long-Lived
Shine reads, analyses, computes and reports the mental conditions of patients as shown by variations of millionths of a volt of electric discharge from their brains.
CELLULOSE FILMS FOR SKIN
Substitution of cellulose for human tissues Is described am a "safe" surgical technique by a Virginia surgeon, who reports suc-ln sheathing a severed tendon with the filmy material In much a
way
practically normal again.
In Magnificent Setting Canada Get* Royal Salute
Are Estimated to Be at Least 1,200 Years Old— Product Prised For Food Value and Also as Beautifies
film
Les» Speed
CSSS
Mr. Joseph Lonmin* was in a hurry to build a laundry in Chicago. So he set up an 8-ton well drilling apparatus on the site and started the builders putting up the walls at full speed. Now they have to pull down one wall to get the drilling apparatus out.
There is romance in a bottle of dite oil, for the trees from which the product comes are among the most long-lived in the world. Some of them are estimated to be 1,200 1 old, and what a history of the shaping of world, events they could tell If they were able to speak.
that a deformed hand became
Ship Stewardesses Usually Versatile
years
1
m
ft
Symbol of Peace
Some plantations, such as those of Terni, lu Italy, are supposed to have existed In the time of Pliny, and rival giant California redwood trees In point of age. The olive has been cultivated In the E<ihî from most remote times, Is associated with much mythical lore, and its branches have come to be symbolic of peace and plenty, and the highest award, paradoxically enough, that could be granted for bravery and honor. The tree Is largely cultivated in Greece, Anatolia, Levant, Morocco, Tripoli, Spain, France and Italy. It grows
Fiery, Itching Skin Sets Speedy Relief
Here li • clean mini— penettsWg .#* septic now dispensed by chemists el Jr mine
oif promote rapid end healthy healing in open aorta and wounds, but boils and slm-
Eiri
Ecsema I# instantly atopped % the erupiume
E	s5i
“WSMSi te&d oo <>^i

Selected From Many Walks of Life, Some Are Trained Nurses, Others Linguists, Athletic Instructors or Traveling Companions
It usually requires considerable training in service and hospitality, aa well as a good background, to become a stewardess aboard a mod-liner. Many of the stewardesses chosen for the new ( unard White Star liner Mauretania have had many years of training in this
calling.
In selecting the personnel for the stewardesses' division in the new Mauretania, only the most skillful of the present generation were selected.
The women chosen come from many walks of life. Some have been trained nurses, linguists, hair drew-?re, athletic Instructors, and traveling companions, but all have served for years aboard ships of Cunard White Star.
Meet Interesting People It Is the duty of stewardesses to make things pleasant for all women i mongers, as well as children, during a transatlantic voy-. Other duties Include the arrangement of flowers, making beds, and serving meals in
ladies' staterooms.
There is another important service which falls to the stewardesses. They often act as Interpreters for passengers from continental Europe. They wear a small flag on their uniform which designates the foreign languages they speak.
'They meet many interesting people, the most famous In the world.



ern
T**
h

/

•F
41


i
I


%
-
age
dusting,

I a®»




*




%


3
<*»




Mut* U 3APrrY L°C|C CORD BODY
sjlÆ sMaa^fr» t *i“

aU5t*r- New
Gone On Errand
Thirty-One Years
against 13.3 in 3937, a large proportion of the cigar leaf crop is still unsold and prices probably will average two to three cents lower than prices received for the previous year's crop, the report
said.
? NEW QEAR-CIU»
nuitt
What Science
tR£AD
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
Anthony Kesey of Buckley, Pa completed an errand to the store tor his mother but he was gone 31 years.
Mrs. Veronica Kesey answered a knock at her door last week and found her middle-aged son standing there with a Jug of kerosene in his outstretched hands.
'T knew you would come back/* sobbed the 70 year-old mother. "My prayers have been answered."
Kesey was Just 13 when she sent him for the oil. He recalled starting to the store but decided to run away. Since then he had worked on Western Pennsylvania farms and with a rtrcus as a wrestler, never ccm muni eating with his family.
•I
w
is
o#
k #
omo1*
Doing
All Varieties
Increased production in 1938 evident in all tobacco varieties excepting the small aromatic pipe varieties, production of which is confined to Quebec.
*
*
? NO EXTRA COST
was
1.	—What are the superstitions concerning the various days of the week for a wedding?
2.	—Is it the proper gesture, in company, when eating or drinking, to keep the little finger prominently crooked ?
What is the birth stone for
May, and its significance?
4.	—Is it permissible for a girl
to use perfume?
5.	—When dining in a public place, -is one permitted to call to a waiter, when wanting anything?
6.	—When a man is walking in the rain with a girl who is carry, ing an umbrella, should be offer U> hold it?
BRAIN KEEPS MAN UPRI6HT
Discovery of the specific part of the brain which enables man to stand upright is now announced.
It is a “strip area" of brain cells lying just under the front part of the skull where a person scratches his head when puzzled.
** Ctaaipj
3.
»

#
CHEMICAL SEEDS AID CURE
Human "hormone culture" Is being developed by which chemical seeds are planted in the body to treat disease.
Addison's Disease, one which Is generally weakening and often fatal, has been successfully treated with the seed planting method and the sufferers restored to normal health.
Have You Heard
Classified...
Advertising..
photograph*
AGENTS WANTED
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH ery roll film developed and § gloss prints 25c. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Reprints same price. Brlght-ling Studio. 29A Richmond Street East, Toronto.
BY-
AGENTS! STOREKEEPERS! Make big profits selling our over 250 lines of Drygoods and Small-wares. Write today for free Price List General Outfitters Box 965. Place D'Armes, M
À fat man bumped into a rath-
"From the
high
Answers:
1.—Wed on Monday, always poor; Tuesday, wed once more; Wednesday, happy match; Thursday, splendid catch; Friday, poorly mated; Saturday, better waited; Sunday, Cupid’s wooing; and wed in the morning, quick undoing. 2.—No; this is an affected mannerism that one should avoid. 8.—The emerald, which signifies success in love and immortality. 4.—Yes, if the perfume is good and the scent is faint. Cheap perfumes and strong scents are often
obnoxious. 5. bo patient until the waiter is nearby, then ask in a low tone. 6.—
er lean gentleman, looks of you," he said belligerently, "there must have been a famine."
Reg'd.
ontreal.
ARE YOU GOING CRAZY?
Development of an electrical "robot physician" that diagnoses the mental diseases was announced last week.
The electrical “brain" of the ma-
FILMS DEVELOPED
FILMS DEVELOPED. TWO PRINTS of each and FREE ENLARGE-ME.NT coupon 25c.—Offset Photography Dep. “A ", 2 Ruesel! 8L,
Toronto.	.	________
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
ARTICLES FOR SALE
"And from the looks of you," replied the lean gent, "you’re the guy who caused it."
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS. Every dollar sale brings you seventy-five cent# profit. Write Economy Distributing Company, Curtis Avenue, Leamington, Ontario.
JEWELRY SPECIALS—WALTHAM Pocket Watches. $4 up. Wrist-watches, Rings, etc.. Violins. Saxa-p h on es. Unredeemed Pawnbrokers pledges.
Toronto.
Catalogue. McTamney'e,
About the only thing modem girls can cook like mother used to cook is some man’s
PERSONAL
DEVELOPING
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers* daughters. Widows with Property. Particulars ltic. Confidential. Ooi 128 Calgary Alberta.
BABY CHICKS
THAT REMINDS ME
ROLL OGDENS FOR COOL #T\ FRAGRANT V\ SMOKING 1\\	« I
ROLLS DEVELOPED, ETCHCRAFT enlargement — 8 prints 28c. Reprints 8c. Photoart Service. Trenton, Ontario, Drawer 808.
HOME POULTRY FARM. HALT-fax, Nova Scotia — Poultryman John Manso’s 900 Bray Barred Rock pullets laying at 4 months, averaged over 61 per cent at six months Hat year. Bray chicks will do th«) trick for you too. Order today. B ay Hatchery North, Hamilton, Oi
After a scene at the night-club, where some men had started fighting with chairs, a policeman asked the Irish doorkeeper; "But why didn’t you do something?.."
"Sure," replied Pat* "an’ there wasn’t another chair."
No. One should
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. T ttroonfals. Guaranteed, free. Bartlett'S. Bo* l. Winnipeg.
FEMALE HELP WANTED
âdvlre
, 180 John St., ntarlo.
SPARE TIME INCOME
IS OFFERED TO RESPONSIBLE woman with good local contacts. Leading magazine publisher seeks neighborhood subscription worker. Experience unnecessary, commissions liberal, generous bonus, es. State age. Give references. Box SO, Room 421. 73 Adelaide SL W. Toronto.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONate romantic sweetheart, money, write: Mary Lee.
Roll». Missouri.
FAST-GROWING CHICKS IN YOUR brooders now, mean early-laying pullets In your laying house next Fall. Get In on the high November prices. Order Bray chicks . Bray Hatchery. 110 John St.,
V
with 445 0.
Tobacco Hits
Record High
Speaking of brave perfor-
took a taxi to the bankruptcy court and then, instead of payieg his fare, invited the driver in as a creditor.
egg
now 1___
North, Hamilton, Ontario.
PSORIASIS — SKIN TROUBLES. IF you suffer from psoriasis, dry eczema or similar skin affections, try the stainless Singer Bros. Xo-gon Ointment Has already proved successful In thousands of stubborn, hopeless cases. Price |l.0§ per Jar. Poet free on receipt of price, from Singer Bros., Chemist* Dept. W., 26 Queen St. E., Toron-
manr.es, one man
Refreshing sea summer YH*' NR bloom is the aroma of	i
Ogden's Fine Cut Test it yourself. Compare it point ” by point with any other cigarette tobacco and you’ll agree that Ogden’s has what it takes. By all means try Ogden’s and choose the best papers to go with It — "Vogue” or “Chantecler".
IF YOU WANT CHICKS ON SHORT notice order Tweddle Government Approved Chicks. We hatch 65.000 every week. Grade “A" Heavy Breeds 810.45; 90 per rent. Pullets 116.75; Cockerels 18.00: Leghorns $9.95; Pullets 120.75. Extra profit grade, the kind that weigh two pound* per hundred more when hatched. Heavy breeds $11.95;
¦¦¦¦¦	$9.00;
HAIR GOOD#
Dominion Statistics Put Crop Value at $20,000,000 For 1938 Output
An All-time high in Canadian to* Sacco production was registered In 1IS8 when a commercial crop of |S,427>00 pounds with a farm value el approximately 120,000,000 was harvested, the Dominion Bureau of
Statistics reports.
This represented an Increase of
88.300.000	pounds or 36.5 per cent "7Z? the 1937 output estimated at
72.114.000	pounds with a farm value
•f $17.000.000.
J Increase of 36.5 P. C.
As * result of the large crop and heavy stocks carried over from the previous season, prices of flue cared Into the 1939-40 season estimated at 8,000.000 to 9,000,000
WIGS. TOUPBH, TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches. Curls, end ell types of finest quality Hair Goods write for Illustrated catalogue Confidential terme arranged Toronto Human Heir SuDDlv Co. 529 Bathurst Toronto
"Why, Jane," protested the mistress, "that cake is as black as a Did you cook it according
to my instructions?"
“Well, no mum," replied the culprit. "It’s one of me own cremations."
to.
SEWING UU HINKH * Si 1*1*1.1KS
cinder.
Pullets 118.90:	Cockerel*
Leghorns 811.45; Pullets $23.45. Special mating slightly higher. Free calendar and poultry guide. Tweddle Chirk Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
«•HUNTERS AND TRAPPERS*
SECRETS”
FOR new I NO MACHINES, REpairs, «uppiles—all makes, new or trade-in, recoud U toned machines to slock — Write A. Gilbert & Son 35«! Von ye HI.. Toronto!
«H-
HOW TO CATCH MUSKRAT, FOX.
Legitimate
i
2M,
Mink and Beaver, plana 18.00 at once. George Green, P.O. Box M06, Richmond, Indiana, U.S.A.	___________
A$k
For
STAMPS
L
JUNE PRICKS FOR BADEN HIGH Quality Chicks effective June 8th. Heavy Breeds $8.95: 90 Per cent. Pullets 111.95:	Cockerels 98 8$
KSSS jBt:s51S Qu.Tif«r
918 49 Cockerel* 19.00. Leghorns
ti L BgS"
Cut
has some secret
$$
NEWFOUNDLAND STAMPS, 40 different 60c, catalogue value S2.ll; Price lists furnished. Ed. 8ch mell, Botwood, Newfoundland.
,M says a philos ophis-friend. "Even the fattest and joliiest of us Has a skeleton in hie midst.

_________MACHINERY___________
HANDY GREASE CONTAINER AND Gun Loader, Guaranteed. Clean one minute Job. Write G. EL A. - Malchow, Stavely, Alberta. _
over
WHY GO GRKVf
THOSE GREY STREAKS IN YOUR hair are dead against you. Undoubtedly the finest remedy for hair Is Morgan’s Pomade. Is not a dye. but aclenttflcal-


A young man was doing his
He said to the

M RSUllV STOCK
i
Hatchery, Limited. Baden. Ont.
awn shopping, pretty girl behind the white goods counter: "1 want a pillow-case, rlease."
"Yes, what size"
rey
ly prepared treatment which revitalises tbs half 2 ounce fl.it; large > four, ounce 11.60. postage prepaid. Order from—R. A. Tutlillfl «Canadian Agent) 911 Hleor 9t t. Toronto. Made and told I#
HARDY, VIGOROUS STIiAVVBER-ry plants. Harvest King $1.00 per hundred; Improved Senator Dun.
•lfin per hundred. Cash with order. Quantity discounts. Max Fife, Indian River, Ontario.

Of
t/lv
Canada’s exports of soap in 1938 amounted to 16,046,732 lbs. valued at 11,394,763 compared with 14,306,886 lbs. worth |lr 2 in 1937.
lap
OGDEN'S
asked the
ise of hurley ; >bacco, ower supplies than In year resulted in an av of 13.8 rents a pound
la theg what
the prevloi
girl.
England for 60 years.
Issue No. 22 — ’39
1
—Fm not snre
,, ,1 a .n tin t* t r
"Why—er take a seven
FINE CUT
240,87
Lot **
e r :i v :

i
>

###PAGE###7###
1
59 Men Were Trapped Aboard This Submarine 240 Feet Below Surface of the Atlantic
MEWS
. *

Ml


u




PARADE



m


rv
T‘

r BA - ;	1
real PEOPLE:	We Canadians
have for so long been accustomed to thinking of the Royal Family as figureheads, or pawns In the game of the Empire, tjiat it cqgses with a shock of surprise to many of us to realise that the King and Queen are real live people — human and warm; to know at first hand that the King Is a fine man, the Queen a beautiful woman. Since the moment they stepped off the ship at Quebec we have been feeling that here is the genuine article. Instead of a stereotyped tour run off on a dry schedule, their Majesties' visit in the Dominion Is being marked by unexpected contacts with ordinary folk, handshakes, exchanges of friendly words between these two human beings (who happen to be royalty) and their fellows.
Here is an above-water view of one of the United States Navy’s newest and largest submarines, U.S.S. Squalus, which sank last week off Portsmouth, N.H., and rested 240 feet below the surface of the Atlantic with 69 men aboard.
CANT TAKE IT la a Northern Ontario town re neatly, a teacher was haled before the trustees on a charge of making marks on a boy's legs with s point er. Things are changing in the lickin' business at school.
? few decades ego when the tea cher crooked his finger to the e# fending youngster. It meant c march double quick to the front te face the wallop. And how the school teachers of former days could htt!
Rumania’s Oil Wells Valuable
Wait Until Other People Have Gone
VOICE
of the
PRESS
ONTARIO
Outdoors
By VIC BAKER
To Correct Y
CUU's Mu-
Produce About 7,000,000 T
Spoken To Sharply In the
habit Country Including Gyp-
FISH AIRS
The external oxygen supply determines the ability of fish to live In certain waters, which accounts for the reason why each species of fresh water fish tends to occupy only a particular region of the lakes and rivers and why their haunts vary with the season.
"We find that the ability of the fish to utilise oxygen In the water Is influenced by the amount of carbon dioxide In the water," three scientists from the Edward Martin Biological Laboratory of Swarth-more, Pennsylvania, told a recent meeting in Toronto of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.
The three biologists, Laurence Irving, Edgar C. Black and V. Salford, reported that "each species of fish has Its own characteristic tolerance and the species may be arranged In regular order beginning with the trout as the most sensitive, following with the sucker, perch, sunflsh, chain pickerel, bass, shiner, carp, eel and catfish. This suggests that the external oxygen supply determines the ability of the fish to live in certain water."
MM, Slav», German», R
FOOTHOLD IN SPAIN: The suspicion Is growing that, although they didn't make as much noise about it as the Italians, the Nails’ participation In a war on Spanish soil has netted them a nice haul. Spanish Morocco and the Basque country with their Iron ore, have become spheres of German commercial Interest, exploited by the German businessmen who quickly followed German soldiers into Spain. Gestapo agents, builders and contractors from the Reich have long been on the scene.
Furthermore, In a future war, tha Germans may be able to use the guns they have placed on the Spanish territory near the British-held Gibraltar; the five submarine bases they have helped to build; the modern airports reputedly constructed near the French border.
Jane’s mother corrected her one day before some relatives. Another time she told Jane not to Interrupt when Mrs. Evans, a caller, was speaking.
Mrs. Jones gave Jane a good going-over, eventually, about telling some family affair that was confidential. Jane was worried the minute the word had passed her lips and she was at the point when any reference to It doubled her shame. She was trying to do things right, but the constant correcting she was getting at the wrong moments wee making her very unhappy.
She said to her mother, "Mummy, you’d get better results If you waited till we were alone to correct me."
"Why, darling, maybe you are right. I never thought about It."
We cannot always wait until the next day, that Is sure, when children need instant correcting and even punishment. But it Is true, also, that a postponed suggestion, made when the child Is less nervous, often gets better results.
ONE WAY AXIS
A great deal Is being heard Just now about the Rumanian oil wells. It is Interesting to know something about the country and the product.
Rumania, which was formed as an Independent country from two Turkish provinces in 1811, became a kingdom 20 years later. Its people are very mixed, Including Gipsies, Slavs and Germans, but the majority are Rumanians.
The oil wells, which are exceedingly valuable, produce about 7,000,000 tons of oil a year.
Ancient seas it Is thought, ebbed and flowed across the lands where oil Is found, leaving at each movement deposits of animal and vegetable matter, with a great deal of mud.
This organic matter, being sealed up for ages, decomposed slowly, till at last it became the petroleum oil which Is now so much nought after, and from which gasoline and other valuable products are obtain-
Guelph Mercury.
Mussolini axis Hitler but Hitler tells Mussolini. — Brandon Sum.
After travelling 1,600,000 miles in ft# 63 years of service, the Aral cable street car of Melbourne, Australia, is to be placed in Mel bourne Museum.
HMMMM 1
More people could sing "O Canada," It is claimed, if the pitch were lowered to the range of the human voice. Yes, and if they also knew the words.
A first edition of Oliver Goldsmith’s "Vicar of Wakefield" was sold at auction for 61,700 in Lon
Windsor Star.
don.
X MARKS THE SPOT In the Canadian pavilion at the world's fair is a huge map of Canada made of burnished copper. One can Just see one of those visitors pointing with his cane and saying: "And Just about here Is where I hooked that big muskellunge." — Toronto Star.
1

#
/
PROPHET OF DOOM: We nominate Webb Miller, the noted foreign correspondent, who is accompanying the King and Queen on their tour across Canada, as this week's No. 1 prophet-ot-doom. Says Miller (whs haa covered the World War, the Ethiopian War, the Spanish War, Munich, etc.): "A major war is coming In Europe, barring a miracle. When or where it will come
I or no one else knows. HIHHI does come they will slip Into It in spite of themselves. The nations seem to be In the position of a person on a high place, afflicted with vertigo, who throws himself over In spite of himself, although desiring to live." (In London, England, they're stocking up on black window blinds for use In air raids, oil lanterns and tinned foods).
Yes Mr. Miller, but a miracle might happen. If Britain, France and Russia could really get together, oh what a day for peace that would be!
THE WEEK’ QUESTION: How successfully is the Dominion-Provincial youth-training program now working out In the matter of establishing unemployed Canadian youth In Jobe? Answer: Federal Labour Minister Rogers has announced that 40% per cent, of the youths completing 'the government training courses designed to lead to employment have been able to secure Jobs.	,
Drip-Cut
svaue
BOYS ON TRAFFIC DUTY Although there have been some 90 traffic acldents of one kind or another in the Sault since the first of the year, there has not so tar been one at the schools and the police are Inclined to give a large share of the credit for this to the school boy patrols which have been organized at three of the public schools where there is heavy traf-Sault Ste. Marie Star.
dkk
ed
• • e
JUG
k’t opwii
Men Folk Serve Tea At Church
CM
Canada Trains
R. A. F. Pilots
Doctor Wipes
Out Account
At Big Saving
f e
# # #
A smooth slumiuem band soaps over «**
opooins and cuts off the syrup—there ts
ricWf
When It
Just possibly it was a woman’s idea—but it was the men who put it over.
When McDougall United Church, Edmonton, decided to hold a tea, it turned into something to write about. Only the preparation of the food fell to the women. The pouring, serving and receiving was conducted by the men. Their wives sat around and grinned and grinned and grinned.
Responding to the call for "pourers” for the tea—first of its kind ever held in the Alberta capital and staged by the church’s Men’s Association—were Mayor John Fry, 260-pound Chief of Police A. G. Shute, three Alberta cabinet ministers, the city commissioner and several aldermen and a flock of business men, clergymen and other professional men.
Working in 30-minute "shifts” at the serving table, they disposed of 600 gallons of tea, 8,000 sandwiches and 2,000 pieces of cake in four hours.
"They did a lovely job.” corn-church.
er4nisF
drip. Il ill
Mackenzie Tells House 15 Are
Halifax Physician Cancels All
( Total
«
tie.

BOW Owing Hi $21,000) As He Retires In
Poor Health
I » I
tort & a
50c) for the I2*c«. *«•
• WAIT TILL FLY TIME Girl from Toronto, now on » farm near Kincardine, writes home to say that she is learning to milk a cow, and reporte "the cow I'm learning on Is trying to be patient and helpful." It's to be hoped that the young lady gets on to the hang of the thing before fly time arrives or she may have to revise her opinion of the cow’s attitude. — Peterborough Examiner.
Fifteen pilots are partially trained each year in Canada for the Royal Air Force, Defense Minister Mackenzie said in a statement last week at Ottawa amplifying his recent anouncement of an agreement with the United Kingdom Government for the full training in Canada of 60 pilots a year.
Are Takiag On Britisher»
The first course under the partial training plan was held from January to October, 1988. The graduating officers received their pilot’s flying badge and proceeded to England to continue advanced training and to take their place in flying squadrons. The second began last January and will
ES
Sprap labels and* l
patients of Dr. K. B. Mabablr had their bill, wiped off the Halifax (N.	S.) physician's books last
week.
Dr. Mabablr announced that, coincident with his withdrawal from practice because of Ill-health, he had cancelled the accounts of 342 patients totalling $21,009. These collectable accounts:	pre-
, Jt
manufacturer—the addreasisoncvcfy label
Mail r
J»
<fëeeJrvve Màii/i
viously, he had written off those he regarded as bad" debts, Dr. Mabablr said.
‘T felt It was something of a strain on many people who were really trying to pay," the physician
declared.
Dr. Mabablr said he did not care to comment on reports published here a month ago to the effect that he had been left a £50,000 legacy In the will of a man whom be was said to have saved from drowning In Cairo, Egypt. 20 years ago. “I should like It if that rumor died a natural death," he observed.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
VflLL-YUM.
course end this autumn.
In addition, many Canadians were medically examined and selected by the Royal Canadian Air Force for short service commissions in the Royal Air Force in 1937 and 1938, the latter year seeing 118 go overseas.
The 60 British pilots to be trained yearly will receive the intermediate stage of their training at Camp Borden, Ont., and the advanced stage at Trenton, Out.
?

Salesmen, Less Talking Please!
Britain’s income from shipping services last year was $575,000,000.
/
à
Says Canada Impregnable
As A Rule You’re Much Too
Wordy — Six Important Rules To Follow
WATCH
135Î)



I
4#
68 Minute Pipe

ft
You can depend on the special sales the merchants of our town announce in the columns of this

As a rulè, salesmen talk too much, John Wesley Coates, lecturer on business psychology and personality developments declared last week at Windsor Vocational School, opening a course on the science of selling.
' Personality Is the greatest single factor In successful salesmanship, the speaker said, defining personality as "the ability to Interest and influence other people
The speaker listed as eii things every salesman, salesmanager, executive, and. In fact, everyone, should know, as follows: (1) Don’t try to do all the talking; (2) Never interrupt; (3) Never contradict;
(4)	During the first part of your Interview, ask questions; (5) Find out the prospect’s chief objection; md (6) Sell him exclusively on that point.
The four steps in completing a sale were listed by Mr. Coates as follows: (1) Attracting favorable attention; (2) Creating interest;
(5)	Arousing desire; and (4) Closing the sale, or "action.” the name on the dotted line.

c

/
%<¦

*
By making his pipe last for 1 hour 8 minutes 35 seconds,
Leon Bastyn won this year’s smoking competition at Menin, a village on the frontier between Belgium and France. Each competitor received about seven-hundredths of an ounce of tobacco and a match.
' * Osimiridium, produced solely from the refining of gold, brought $170,000 to mining companies of the Transvaal of South Africa last year.
Peru has adopted the principle of obligatory social Insurance.
r*
z
/
M.

/


They mean mon-
ey saving to our readers. It always pays to patronize the merchants who ad-
k

vertise. They are not afraid of their merchandise or their prices.
<
f
Igor I. Sikorsky, famed Russian aeronautical engineer, who addressed Affiliated Engineering and Allied Societies in Ontario recently, informed his audience, composed chiefly of engineers drawn from almost every branch of the profession and from all parts of Ontario, that Canada Is practically impregnable to attacks by air.

«
X* • —
2-ie
The Special*
1%

¦J
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Hustling to Get Nowhere
X’	x. a Æ ¦
AND STEP ON IT/ WERE IN A
PARK A FEW TIMES :
DRIVE US ROUND THE
minp
/
MUt?RV:
#
/.

/

Vegetable Fuel

aR
4
A car that produces its own fuel by "grazing on vegetables aad digesting chips of wood" has been developed by a 26-year-old Japanese inventor, now in Bhang-
f
i!



r.
1
/
m
?
bai
0
Television of plays on Sunday
ta England has been pretested on the grounds It is unfair to theatres, which cannot give stage performances on that day.

530
?h
i|M, ms, Sr
e. lac I
(
<
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Funeral of John Hoy
f


Libei a service was held by Rev*
Father John Sullivan in St.
Kdward the Confessor's Roman Catholic Church on Sunday afternoon* for Mr. Joint Ro death occurred at the C Community Hospital, on Friday, in hh 87th year. Interment was
made in the p.m-h cemetery.	_ _ .,	.	_	~
mSSa:S,Z^,K ?.,»*: 1 Metal Roofing
McCoy, A. Roy and Joint Fttzsinv	_ n,
‘“Sh-Roy was horn in Bristol 871	Sldlllg
years ago, and had lived in the l g township all his life. In his young l|
1 er years, lie was a member of the, I _	,	»	•» -i
IlSK'tiiCe.a’KSr'SS Barn and Stable
predeceased him hy VJ years.	—
Left to mourn his loss are live	jliQ U.1D1T16I1 u
sons, Joint and Hugh, of Ottawa :	*	*
Frank mid Leo, of Bristol Mines ; X land Joseph, of Detroit, and one daughter, Mrs. B. Kiltoy, id Detroit ; also foui brothers, Andrew and Harry, of Khnside ; Wiliam of Alexandria Bay, N.Y , and L mis, of Vancouver, B C\; and two sisters, Mrs. J Heron, ot Elinside, and Mrs. It. McHhenny, of .North Bay.
1 Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
ForSalr, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
PEDLAR’S
O
>y, whose Shawville
WANTED- Good Home keeper desires position, village 01 country. Must Iw gout home. For particulars apply to Tu* Équit y Orne k.
$
h1
i i
FOli SALK—One Range for wood or coal ; one three burner Coal-oil Stove; one Daisy Churn ; one Cream Separator ; also a number of Barred; Rock Cockerels
weelril old. Apply to It. W. Hodci ink, Shawvllle.

v'
MIX
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
—
'"S
FOR SALK-One three year-old gelding and one four rear old marc. Apply to Donald McThkk, Maryland, Que. Rhone 23 10, Shawvlllv.

25 cents
x Finger Waves,
COTTAGE FOR RENT - Cottage at Sami Buy for rent during July ami August. Apply to J, A. ALIXANDKK, :IUH Bell Street, Ottawa.
ROOTING
25 cents
x Shampoo,
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing* Carried in Stock

New Jewellery

Presenting the new 1939 Catalogue of Jewellery, featuring Bridal Wreath Rings, Wedding Presents, etc. Any order tilled within 3 days.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
DEAN BROS.
Poison Spray for Tent Caterplilersi^HPJH*
It is anticipated that forest tent caterpillars will be active in Eastern Canada this season. J. J. detit vse, Chief of Forest Insect Con trill. Dominion Department of Agriculture, reports that already they have commenced operations and that now is a good time to prevent infestation. Since the caterpillars feed oil leaves, it is possible to kill them with a poison spray consisting of a mixture of arsenate of lead and water, at the ratio of two and a half pounds of arsenate of lead powder to forty gallons of water. Where only a few trees are affected, and it is
ROY E. CONE. Jeweller Opposite Pontiac House Shawville, Que.
Miss Vera Klatt
Quebec
Phone 9-19
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
Swimmers Must Wear Bloomers at Sherbrooke
At a meeting of the Parks De* part ment at Sheibiookê, Que , a By-law was pn»t compelling women swimmers at civic beaches to wear bathing suits with knee-length bloomers and high collar line-», on Wednesday of last week. In addition, topless trunks for men hie prohibited and it is forbidden ful bathers to walk, drive or cycle more than 50 feet from the water's edge.
In Memoriams
Card of Thanks
Mr. and Ma*. Alf. Armstrong dosirj to thank their many friend* and neighbours for many kindnesses and expressions of "sympathy received during their recent bereavement in the death of Mrs. Armstrong’s uncle, John Munro Hors.
» loving memery of our dear husband “and father, James Davis Hudgins, who died June 7th, 1938.
"is life is a precious memory,
His death a constant grief ;
He sleeps in God’s beautiful garden,
In the sunshine of heavenly peace.
Wife and Family.
Summer Clothing
Mens Sport Trousers, grey, fawn and blue Sizes 30 to 38..................................
not necessary to make a large ' quantity ot spray, an effective dose van be made of one ounce, or
txvo and one quarter tablespoons, of the lead arsenate powder to a gallon of water.
Periodic outbreaks of tent eater-
pillars occur also In Provinces
land and planations are completely stripped of their foliage, and the ravages of the caterpillars cause consideiable alarm and discomfort sometimes even financial loss in infested district*.
$2.95
the Prairie Large areas of Wood
EVERY 40 SECONDS of EVERYDAY
Somebody buys a
NEW
Mens Sanforized Cotton Outing T. ou.ers in check and stripped patterns .
. $1.95
I • • (
• • • • •
/#
The caterpillars have the habit of migrating in large armies in search of new food ami frequently swarm over roads and railway tracks in such numbers as to interfere seriously with t rallie Further information on tent caterpillars and how to combat them may be obtained by writing to the Division of Entomology. Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa.
Stanfields Shirts and Shorts, each
50C
• •
p
*
»
Extra Value in Sweat Shirts, white and coloured Regular $1.25 to clear at
I
59c

/J

m
Cotton Caps
25c
Birth Stones
The list of birthstones representing each month of the year and their meanings, originally selected by the late Dr. George F. Kunz, •president of Tiffany and Company, listing ancient, first, and modern, second, follows :	January, garnet,
hyacinth; February, amethyst, amethyst; March, jasper, bloodstone ; April, sapphire, diamond; strong family ; Mis. Bowden. Mr. May, agate, emerald ; June, emer-Styles, brother-in-law, Miss Edna aid, agate; July, onyx, ruby; Styles and Miss Helen Macfarlane. August, cornelian, topaz; Septem-Mr. and Mrs. 1L Monro, Mr. and ber chrysolite, beryl; October, aqua-Mrs. Cecil Smith, Mr and Mis. D marine, pearl; November, topaz, to-Nigi'ft and Miss Edna Rickerd, all p&%; December, ruby, bloodstone, of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs. William rhe American National Retail Jew-Mulligan and Hudson hoys, \\ y - Liprs'
Austin Women s Ass'n ;1
Norris H. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher





c
XV

)
._________________________________



C. A Brinkworth Elected Mayor of Portage du Fort
At the annual municipal election for the village of Portage du Fort held recently C. A. Brink worth was elected Mayor over Robert Man well, Sr. In the contest for councillors, one seat was contest ed, O Kane Cameron was elected over Robert Man well, Jr. Daniel McCall urn and Clarence Giroux were elected councillors by acclamation.
/

< >




..i
\


mm

y





:


association at its convention in Kansas City in 1912 adopted a list that differs from the Tiffany modern list, in that it carries for January, garnet; March, aquamarine; June, pearl; August, sardonyx; September, sapphire; October, opal, and December, turquoise. The garnet is credited with endowing the wearer with constancy and fidrl-
man ;
teacher and pupils Austin School ; Mrs Margaret Nelson, Mrs. John Wickens, Miss Doris Olmstead, and Nieces and*Nephevvs.


rm

Illustrat'd—Chevrolet Master De Luxe Sedan with trunk.

.1 *
.V

7
1


Mr. Wm J. Orr
John Munro Ross



The death took# place sudden)}
i:?Ef==5-pi ESsSS® SrSSSS
mmm
Although troubled with , heart ^'V!l* ‘ sllovk to the com turquotat, prosperity and success.
nuw»»»
tegeoftiSteeuX removed to brothere '’TOd""? ChuVo^"
isfcjarats-*- - ESf" “isrÆÆ
a^SrS.ss.'sS e,Vs ,	srtJssr
deoee of the deceased, to Austin (v T a',* '	, % fv,,,,,l~ndenJ	“Hull's Victory” Song
United Church, where service was R Andrews K' CltmPbe11 and	song| “Hull's Victory," was
<» ¦*. stgjrsransrjts;
Duncan Roes, cousin of deceased, gram OH Friday at the use^ ** Maine and other sections .n
Pair grounds.
'/ Yn, every 40 seconds somebody boys a new Chevrolet
every 10 minutes of every clay, Chevrolet wins 15
and the demand is increasing day by
CHEVROLET/


• • e
new owners
day! Let this outstanding sales leadership be your buying guide. Know the thrill of being “out in front” in the liveliest of all low-priced ears the ear that’s first in performance, first in features, first in value. Choose
the fastest-seller of the new-car yea
• • •
own
e e #
the new 1939 Chevrolet !
General Motors Instalment Plan.
Low monthly payments on the
the
m Prive the Car with
1	ADVANCED
I	KNEE-ACTION
RIDING SYSTEM*
Ü Drive the Car with
CHEVROLET'S FAMOUS VALVE-INHEAD SIX ENGINE

custom of exchanging eggs at Easter was a very old one in imperial Russia. According to an ancient legend, Mary Magdalene gave the Roman emperor, Tiberius, a
V




m-r*,
Tmv


Frictionless Coil Springs . . . Double-Acting Shock Absorbers • . . Ride Stabilizer . . . Shockproof
Dual Cross Steering. ?Available on Master Deluxe Models only.
Volve-ln head engines have made all world re-




and in the air.




Drive the Car with
Drive the Car with
STEERING COLUMN GEAR-SHIFT


PERFECTED

(QUADRO ACTION)
\\X

HYDRAULIC BRAKES
11

fear
Maximum effect with minimum pedal pressure . . • under-cowl Emergency
"Vacuum assist" supplies 80% of shifting effort. Simple, positive design
y


Broke Lever operates on
/
brake shoes. C-I49I
only $13 extra.
e e e
commander
John L. Hodglns
$•
Quebec
Shawville
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER...YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER
the eastern part of the country tost least 80 years.
>
j
-
