###PAGE###1###
1
<
1

i $1.50 pen annum In Advene© { 2.CO to tha Lin
AUGUST 22. 1940
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
No 10., 58tuJYeak
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
born
PERSONAL MENTION
Baza/ it—Meet nil your friends nt tlie Bazaar at North Onslow, Wednesday evening, Aug. 28th. Slipper from (I 00 p. m Refresh, ments and entertainment. Kyeiy' body welcome. J. J. Sam mon, P I.
Shawville Hardware
Miss Jean Kelly, of Montreal, OwENS-At Pontiac Community
s™v„':e e',d -- ,ri’°d’ I
Porcupine, Ont., a son.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Masters Desmond and Carson The Pontiac County L. O. L. I ilodgins are visiting their cousins purpose attending Divine Service in Ottawa this week, in Shaw ville United Church at Mrs. Fred Smart has been visit-two o’clock Sept. 1, The Pastor, ing her sister, Mrs. Hugh Hanna, Hev. A. F. Pokes, will deliver the Massey Station. Ont. message. Members ut the L.U.rJ. A.»	.	v
O. Y.B and L O.L's, are requested Henry Hodgins, R.L.E , Ottawa.
to meet at No. 27 lodge room at spent the week end in town with 1.30 o'clock to register and parade | his wite and family to and from the church.
Rex ford Wilson, C. M
Norval Kli/iOUR, R. Sec. | in town for the past two weeks
R.C.A.M C
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
DIE D
This old reliable school has removed-to larger and finer
The finest and most
Attend a
Myers — At an Noranda, (Que ,) Hospital, on Tuesday morning. August 20, ItHO. Kelvington Myers, only son of Mr. and Mrs. A W. Myers, of Montreal, and randson of Mr. and Mrs. Henry of Shawville, in his 21st The fm eal will take
premises
modem in Ontario school with an established reputation. Open all year.
kh
Miss Eleanor Farquhareon, of Ottawa, has been visiting friends
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
orner
\r lj il ••
| (place at 3.00 o’clock on Thursday afternoon, 22nd in«t., from the Slimmer home of the deceased’s parents at Sand Bay, to Shawville United Church and Maple Grove Cemetery.
Harwood Argue and Bill Moffatt. R C E., of Peta-watva spent the week-end in town.
The Treasurer of the Red Cross I Mrs. R. E. McRae has returned wishes to thank those who have home after visiting friends in paid in subscriptions since the Kingston, Toronto and Forest, last report to this fund.
I wM^ndin,'» K.tgLwh. I	McRae- Scott
Walter Moffatt, subscriptions home ot his mother, Mrs. Herbert Palms and baskets and standai ds minting to $23.50, and another Strutt.	of gladioli, alters and lilies decor-
safe izzmmm
ten day vacation in the Eastern y y, Marsh, M. A„ performed the Red Cross Nursing Class	townships.	ceremony and the wedding mu°ic
At Wyman Concludes	Miss Marjorie Judd, of Timmins, was p^yed by Mr. C. Campion-
Women’s Institute, were conclud- Jonn JMaa*	-	gown with inserts of chantilly
ed with special closing exercises at Miss Olive Hodgins, RN., of lace, a matching halo and carried the home of Mrs. F. R Hutchison. Detroit, Mich., is spending a vaca Led ,oses and forget me nots. Miss The course was in charge of Mrs. tion at the home of her sister, Mrs. j)0,.0thy Bell, bridesmaid E. Kmn, RN.. assisted by Dr. jaB. Caldwell.	old rose taffeta with leghorn pic-
twenty-five members who wnl re The Misses Alberti ne and Mar* rose costume and her corsage was ceive certificates. Twenty five gHrHt Baird, Reg Nurses, of Phil- uf Joanna Hill roses and corn-dollars will be given in to the Red adelphia, are spending a vacation fluWerSf and the groom’s mother Cross funds.	at their home in Bristol,	had chosen a gre> sheer dress with
iSill mmm
Mrs. MacKechnie, Mis. Smith, Mrs. Master Freddie Horner, of Sud- redingote ensemble with navy ae-McDowell and Miss Kilroy.	bury, has been visiting at the
Refreshments were served and home of his uncle and aunt, Mr. the singing of the National An- and Mrs. Harry Hodgins. them brought the evening’s programme to a close.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Red Cross Donations
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing, Sheeting Papers, Wire Screening,
BA L. LL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
married
Ont
am
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
\ NOTARY PUBLIC
(^paduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister," Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
was in
SCHOOL OPENING
Sept. 3rd
DONAT Le GUERRIER
L.L.B.,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
B. A
tiu:
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request

Matters dealt with ^correspondence
Time to prepare get the kiddies ready
\
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
cessories.	.,
Mr. and Mrs. McRae wll reside in XVestmonnt, Quebec. The bride
Ont-uf town guest» were
Mr and Mr?. Edgar bereney and rtlKj m,.s q Smalley, of Pittsburg daughter. Lorna, of* Hraeside, were ^ y a ; Miss Marion Cabeldu guests of Mr. and Mrs. (J. N. ] London, Ont., and Mrs. Ada Me Woodley for the week-end.	Cagg, of Ottawa.
Mr. and Mrs. N R Couling and child!en. of London, Out. visited nt the home of Mrs. Cmiliug's parents, Mr. and Mis. A If. Elliott.
avocat
-189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
Boys Pullover Sweaters
Colours—Wine, Blue, Brown, Goodfsnappy, part wool, garments Sizes, 28 to 32............
dining the past week
ner
Mi
Fire Destroyes Bristol Home
29c
On Thursday morning of last week, fire completely demolished the tine old farm home of Mr. W. U. Young, in Bristol township, with nearly all its contents. The blaze is thought to have started from a spark from the chimney.
A nearby woodshed and the stable were also swept by the flames. The building, of log construction. ] years
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Belanger—Murdock Brigid’s Roman Catholic .Chmch. North Onslow, was the Mias Betty Beckett has returned scene of a pretty Summer wedding to her home in Niagara. N.Y «after on Wednesday morning at nine uLUina ut t in-» home nf her uncles, o’clock, when Miss tin g net ta
Boys] Polo Sweaters
Short Sleeves. Green and Fawn Mixtures Small, Medium and Large
St
Phone 3 I
39c
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST 609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PHTEAU 63 8 S
visiting at tilt* home of her uncles, o’clock, when	Hugiietta
Messrs. II. XV. and Harold Berks.,
of North Onslow, Que., became the bride of David Belanger, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Belanger, ot
Rev. J. J. Sam-
...j, modernized in recent had been the home of Mr for over (15 years and its
Boys Summer Windbreakers
Shower Proof—Fancy, Fawn & Green, Fawn &
Sizes 28 to 32 $1.50
Ç
Masters Hewitt McCiedie, Grant Gibson and Milton Hodgins are speneing a few days vacation at Sunshine Camp, Shirley Bay, Ont.
Miss Lorraine Pokes Ottawa Civic Hospital, is spending a vacation at the home of her parents, Rev. A. F. and Mrs. Pokes.
Miss Evelyn Dahms, nurse-intraining at Ottawa Civic Hospital, is recuperating from a recent illness at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Dahms.
Dr. Henry and Mrs. Argue and daughter Miss Mary, have returned to their home in Mount Forest, Ont., after a two weeks' vacation at the Argue cottage, Green Lake
Bruce Elliott. Ebert Horner and Billy Shore, of the C.A.S F , and Alvin Whelen, ot the R.C.F.C., Ottawa, spent the week end with their relatives here.
Miss Amy Corrigan returned home last week after spending a vacation at the home ot her sister and brother-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Math McKell, at Aubrey, Que. Miss Coriigan was successful in obtaining her advanced Intermediate DijjJoma at Macdonald College in
-oun g e xact age is not known.
A couple of years ago Mr. \ oung lost his barn by fire and now not a building remains on the property. The buildings were not insured. Mr. Young, who is over 80 years of age, intends to start rebuilding next week.
Campbell's Bay
mon officiated.	.	..
The church was beautifully
decorated with Summer flowers ami potted foliage. Miss Lillian Kubeziski presided at the organ and Victor Belanger, and Kay Murdock acted as ushers.
The bride given in marriage by her brother, Hilliaid Murdock, ot Quyon, was attended by Miss Olivine Belanger, sister of the bridegroom. Edward Murdock, brother of the bride acted as best
Brown Combinations.
Same in young mens sizes 36 to 40	$1.95
of the
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Boys School Oxfords
Peacetime Work Pays Dividend
A
Sturdy Whole Stock Shoes. Black or Brown
%
SC
f
ISM AN’S
Ottawa—Aerial photography, in its infancy in the first great war, ij* now a highly efficient source ot military intelligence. Hostile terrain can now be photographed in minute detail from a great height.
The possibilities of aerial photo-g,ahy were quickly realized by the Canadian Government after the conflict of 1014 1918. As a result, detachments of the Royal Canadian Air Force have been developing the science tor the last quarter century. Remote regions of Canada, inaccessible to the surveyor on foot, were photographed, surveyed and mapped by the R C.A.F. Year after year men of the Air Force sent their machines throbbing over Canada, focusing their lenses on the length and breadth of the country, perfecting their methods.
Today, that policy is paying dividends. None are more skilled in aerial photography than the men trained by the R,C.A.F. and the veterans are now teaching scores of young Canadians the
mysteries of their science.
All the latest “kinks of aerial photography «re available for this course at Uockhfte An Station, Ottawa. These include earnerti cameras controlled from a
cameras
BELAIR 3 267
V.
%
man.	,	_
The bride was attired in a street-
length dress of orchid sheer, with a bolero jacket of lace. Her hat of the same shade was an ofi-the-face model, designed in halo effect with shoulder length veil. Her shoes and gloves were in matching shades. She woi e a shoulder knot of Premier roses and sweet peas,
Miss Olivine Belanger chose a yellow organdy, made with fitted
ZiTAn"S	| BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
and her accessories were w bite
b!'byV0breflth0l8age	462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
Immediately following the cere- !	OTTAWA	ONTARIO
mon y a buffet breakfast was I	OTTAWA.	UHIRWU
served to immediate relatives at
the bride's home.	,	,	,	, _ . .
Later, Mr. »nd Mrs. Belanger Speciaii8t8on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
Kails "nd Taranto!' Vui tnivehinit T, I. Beattie, Kathleen M. Hollins,
iiieSte» wiVb“Jk%nm!•*
accessories, she also wore a white polo coat. On their return they will reside at Campbell's Bay
Store Destroyed by Fire
A small store and dwelling apartment in North Onslow, owned by .Mr, Thomas Alexander was com pletely destroyed by fire on Satur* day night. A shed on the opposite Mile of the driveway was also demolished by the flames. All ot llie contents of the store together
with household furniture and	__
îttsi shawville - que.
X '
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
$2.25
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
1 80 METCALF* STREET
Girls School Dresses
Stylish Prints. You can’t make them qq as cheap. Sizes 6 to 14 years.
ONT
OTTAWA
RHONE, 2-7991
Girls Sweaters
Snappy Cardigans. Sizes 8 to 14
School Girls Oxfords
New Saddle Strap Styles
Blacks and Tans, etc $1.95 to $2.50
Wool Anklets
Strped Lastex Tops. Sizes 8£ to 10	35c
Scribblers, Pencils, Note Books, Erasers, School Bags, Thermos Bottles, etc. etc.
$1.35
J n
Mrs. K. C Bolton and children returned from Winnipeg on Saturday morning, being met in Ot tawa by her husband who had been attending Summer School for clergymen at Macdonald College. While in Winnipeg Mrs. Bolton attended the marriage of her sister,
Lieut. Robert Somerville.
SCIENTIFIC eye examinations
Miss Gretta Cheyne, to
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Ford Tractor Démonstration At Howard s Farm, Aug 27th
A complete demonstration of Ford Tractors and Wheel less Implements will be held at Mr. G. A. Howard's farm, Portage chi Fort Road, on Tuesday afternoon, Aug 27th. Experts will be on hand to explain the advantages of the tractor and implements combined in one compact unit. Z _ to see the latest improvements in modern farming. The demonstrations will start at 1 30 o’clock.
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
guns,
cock pit of a plane, time set like a time bomb and all the | modern equipment of a dark i foi developing and printing.
The Ottawa establishment is the photographic headquarters of the
n C A F. and the Joint Training
Rian. It supplies men for service, instructors and technicians for training schools and it is the of supplies for all other
>om
W. A. HODGINS, Lt’d
overseas
Don t fail
Quebec
Shawville,

source establishments
insurance coverage
###PAGE###2###
The “Marseillaise”
Started As A
Royalist Hymn
Members of Second Canadian Division Arrive In England
VOICE
THE
O F

PRESS
x*
. î<

Origin of France's Stirring Song Comes to Light
. #
,
*

dr»n.»*-,'n® GOLDMAN
tun’inFr0kXl
4
V
4*
CHANGE OF LOCALE
Wild life used to be confined
it’s at the

t Â

t
%
. P
Until recently, most if not all London theatres played the "Marseillaise” at every performance, and the B. B. C. used the same stirring song to introduce its Sunday evening news bulletin. The British people began to ask ques-about the French national anthem and learned without surprise (does not most of their China come from Staffordshire?) that Rouget de Lisle’s celebrated composition derives, not from the south of Frame, but from Stras-
y
Mf
m


to the forests; now
Kitchener Record.

The
eiuiDtc t
ing.
beaches.
&
>

<

1=.

LIFE OF THE PARTY
Now the life of the party is the one who can talk louder than the radio.—Brandon Sun.
%

V
x
F

y

R
rrn	—t
-VI ,

4
r >
LJ
3 >8
lions
*

X
o
V
b
TEMPERAMENTAL M.P.’s
Members complain of t h e draughts and sudden changes of temperature >.i the House of Commons at Ottawa. Can it be due to those fellows who blow hot and cold?

X
i

c
t
Si-55
£§35
1

w
F *
#
* ’ :
* »
»
f

/'
t
SI
bourg.	_ _
A BATTLE SONG EMERGES It was while the French armies were assembling on the Rhine *n April, 1792, to meet the forces of Austria, says a letter to The Times, of London, that de Lisle wrote his song, which was first printed under the title of “Chant de Guerre de l’Armée du Rhin." Not until a few weeks later did a party of volunteers from Marseilles marching on their way to Paris sing the song, and give to
it name and fame.
As Gulliver’s Travels began a< a political satire, and became an entertainment for children, the “Marseillaise” started as a Royalist hymn, and developed into the battle-song of the Republic. Today the Republic itself is undergoing strange and sad vicissitudes from which it is the confident hope of all democrats that it will
triumphantly as the
*
*
' /
*
«
-r
Hamilton Spectator.
-r


hi

PRISONERS COULD DO IT
Canada needs transcontinental motor roads. Germany has a wonderful system of wide, cement highways. Many of the German roads were made by prisoners, taken by Germany in the last war. There is a proposal to send German prisoners from Britain to Canada, for internment. A few thousand men could be kept, safely, in camps north of Lake Superior, and they could earn their keep by building a much-needed road.
i-
<*
be*.
*


?
$
» »

* 4


/

••r
mm
a
Ma°u*
-3s*g
Hon. J. L. Ralston recently announced in the House of Commons that members of the Second Di\-fcion, C.A.S.F., had arrived safely in England under the leadership of Major-General Victor Odium, who » shown, ABOVE, receiving the cheers of his troops as he boarded the transport for the voyage to England.

war
onomy planned toward strengthening national defense; 4, changes in the Japanese educational system, to emphasize service to State; 4, end of “toadyism" to other powers (Great Britain and the U.S.)—“and henceforth we will not make a vain effort to grasp the hands of those countries which cannot be turned
into friends."	'
At the same time that Japan moved to extend further control Indo-China, Chinese troops of
yOU
FIGHTING
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
A
à
CANADIAN NATIONAL
Port Arthur News-Chronicle

1
Italian Drive In Africa Aimed at Capturing Suez
I
ONE THING LACKING
To the farmer has come in recent years the telephone, the mo, the radio, hydro-electric the rural mail delivery «
i
tor cai
emerge as “Marseillaise.”
9
energy,
and other conveniences to make his life less lonely and to remove — of his disadvantages of living in the country. Among mar y of the advantages that have not yet come his way except in a few communities, is protection against fire. And we wish to point out that there is no reason why this should be long delayed.
i
/
r
TtlL
establish a new order In southeastern Europe, dominated of course by Germany and Italy. But where did Turkey stand? Where did Russia come in?
The Christian Science Monitor correspondent In Istanbul reported having learned from a high Turkish diplomatic source that a tacit Turko-Russian accord had been arrived at under which Turkey agreed to shift its military concentrations westward in exchange for a Russian guarantee of inviolability of the Caucasus frontier. Such a move would effectively block any further Axis expansion eastward.
Says War Will Spread
RUSSIA: An address on Russia's foreign policy last week by Soviet Premier and Foreign Minister M<*o-tov cleared up a number of mystifying points. After predicting that the present war would spread to include the whole world (with the U. S. on Britain’s side), he told the Supreme Soviet that the “Soviet Union must enhance its vigilance In the matter of its external security, and In the matter of strengthening all its positions, both at home and abroad.” Behind his exposition of policy could be seen the fear that the "Imperialist” (anti-socialism) war would be turned against the Soviet Union.
Generally suspicions of Great Britain, Premier Molotov nevertheless said that London had shown a desire to improve her understanding with Moscow by the appointment of Sir Stafford Cripps as ambassador to the Soviet. With regard to Germany, relations with whom he declared had improved, he expressed the opinion that the Reich had failed in its objective — to bring the war to a close on terms which it considered desirable.
Japan’s New “New Order"
FAR EAST: A Japanese foreign policy which seeks domination not merely in “East Asia”, as formerly, but in “Greater Bast Asia” — including French Indo-China and the Dutch East Indies — was announced to the Japanese people last week Premier • Prince Fumimero Kon-Prem 1er—Prince Famimaio Kon-oye. Obviously widening the breach between the Japanese Empire and Britain and the United States, the government statement disclosed these Intentions: 1, creation of a “new order for Greater East Asia” with the ultimate aim to "establish a stabilizing force for a self-sufficiency embracing not only Japan, M&nchukuo and China, but also Indo-China and the East Indies;” 2, re-armament on a scale sufficient to take care of the new developments; 8, construction of a government in which every person must serve the State, with national ec.
over
the Central Government were reported to be marching toward the frontier of Indo-China, A Japanese thrust through from the Indo-China coast would directly menace the southwestern provinces of China, Ohiang-Kai-Shek’s main stronghold.
Italy's long-awaited attack on the British in Africa came last week, giving the harrassed people of Britain something else to worry about besides an imminent German invasion. Should Mussolini’s legions succeed In their objectives, It was rqtiized, Italy would gain a complete semi-circle of holdings that stretch from Tripoli to the middle of Africa’s east coast, a stranglehold on the Suez Canal and an open itxad to India. Should Germany act successfully In concert with Italy, striking through the Balkans, the A Tin powers would be in a position to seize the principal sources of the British oil supplies in the Near Bast, cut off the communication Unes of the Empire.
(The new southern war zone was seen to extend about 5,000 miles along the Mediterranean, the Red 8ea and the Gulf of Aden, and hundreds of miles inland In the northeast and east corner of Africa. Specifically. Italy appeared to be striking at Egypt, through Libya ; at British Somaliland, in a 3-pronged advance from Ethiopia; and at the vast interior regions of the Anglo-Bgyptian Sudan and Kenya, again approached from Ethiopia).
The noted British correspondent “Augur” in a wireless to the New York Times expressed the opinion ghat the Axis plan is to gain control of Africa, cutting that continent in two.
I
Dentists Invent
New Toothbrush
many
Its object, they say, is to appeal of the 91,000,000 (that
A tooth brush which works like
a fountain pen, coming through a hollow handle
into the bristles, has been perfected by two South Carolina
dentists.
to some
figure is right!) Americans who
toothbrush. This figure is based on estimates the Am-Dental Association made manufacturers’ figures.
its dentifrice
never use a
Two Opinions
UNITED STATES: The split in U.S. opinion over the policy to be followed toward the war in Europe thrown into bold outline last
Guelph Mercury.
encan
on
Dry Edition
was
week by two widely divergent speeches by prominent Americans, the one (General Pershing) urging Immediate and strong add for Great Britain, the other (Colonel Lindbergh) calling for an
effort and preparations to live with a victorious Germany.
As a representative of the first school of opinion, Senator Key Pitt-of Nevada, Chairman of the
An American magazine prints two editions, one for people who drink beer or wine and one for teetotalers. The features are the same but readers on the dry list may have the edition with all advertisements for alcohol omitted.
For Better Desserts
4
American
peace
d
Corn Starch
i
Light-coloured clothing is more comfortable in hot weather belt tends to reflect the heat
man
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, underscored the suggestion that the United States trade fifty American destroyers battleships.
cause
which dark objects absorb.

Corn Starch
for British
Study Of A Princess
D20
Product S*. lowreoct Swt* Cc. lid
No Food for Belgium
During the week the Secretary of
State called u;
U. S. to prepare for sacrifices and hard service* in this critical time. Though referring to the conclusions of the Havana Conference, it was believed Mr. Hull's words implied approval of the compulsory military service bill, then before the Senate.
CANADA: The biggest sensation In some months was created in the Dominion last week when Montreal's mayor Camillen Houde was whisked off to a concentration camp and interned — for urging his fel-low-Canadians to disregard the law requiring all citizens to register.
The best news in some months when the British Government
the people of the
•Hi!
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
97.
jFNPORMATtoN

z

/ /
Z


t,
'///
s

//
Starvation Tactics?
Speculation concerning the manner of Germany’s move against the British Isles alternately favored rumors that feverish military activity wan going on in German-held zones opposite England in preparation for armed invasion at the word ' go'*; and opinions expressed by such foreign sources as Count Ciano’s ' ll Telegrafo” which said:	The Ger-
mans’ new tactic is starving the British. The German generals want to conquer London by isolating it from the nearby arteries which every morning unload in Covent Garden, in Billingsgate and on the docks tons and tons of foodstuffs that London does not produce and without which the 7.000,000 inhabitants of the city could not resist
%

t
%
%
z
Zz


z

9

m
y
7
I
n

I
y
%
*

\<

*
>
7


came
agreed to buy 100,000,000 bushels of
Canadian wheat.
The House Adjourns
Parliament adjourned, during the week, until November 5, haying passed the unemployment insurance bill and placed a new 15c processing wheat (going into flour for
/Z

Vi
o
II
|E?i
m
%
%
i
Princess Margaret Rose, who celebrates her tenth birthday on Aug. 21, is fond of painting and is seen here engrossed in her work. Britain’s rulers have declined to send their children to safety of Canada.

tax on
domestic human use) . . . Before the House rose, Finance Minister Haley revealed that Canada’s actual and anticipated financial commitments for war services in the present fiscal year, ending March 31, 1940, amount to $950,000,000.
Following a meeting in Ottawa of the supervisory board of the Commonwealth Air Training plan, it announced that the training


one month.”
The Nazi press itself was silent the invasion plan although official German quarters intimated that preparations were being made for the final battle, saying, “Ger-will strike at the right hour
&
(a.
f
on
j
mm
In Ontario, in the face of an acute farm labor shortage, a controversy raged over the Hepburn scheme to put city schoolboys to work on farms. Of course, the farmers didn't care much for the idea — the boys would be "more bother than they’re worth” . . . rural school trustee* generally thought the “relief situation cleared up first.
mm
many
and in the right place, not before.”
Air Offensive
Belting the air initiative, British bombers and fighting planes during the week wrought widespread havoc in a series of systematic attacks more than 100 Nazi cities. Included among the objectives were the Krupp munitions plant at Ee-een, supply depots and airdromes hi northwest Germany, the naval base at Kiel, air bases occupied by the Nazis in Holland and Fronce. The planes bombed and machine-gunned troops, truck and armored columns and armored trains moving up Just across the English Channel.


was
time for airmen would be cut in order to speed matters. Three weeks lees training wil> be the new quirement for pilots, six weeks less for wireless operators.
7-27
“We re givin it away to the perron asking the tonffit question this
week."
(Oeryrifbt, 10M, ly fr*J R»b.r)
re
should be
REG’LAR FELLERS- Mom’s Lucky Day
By GENE BYRNES
AFTER PINHEAD GETS THROUGH THROWIN' B BOUQUETS AT HIMSELF | I'D LIKE TO READ •v WHATS OH THAT Vf* MEDAL
LOOK
FELLERS/I HAD MY MEDAL ENGRAVED /
WANNA SEE IT ?
CAN Y BEAT l THAT ? PINHEAD I , WON THE. I
OUTSTANDING I BRILLIANCE * ,
MEDAL IN SCHOOL /
! AH' THE TEACHER 1 SAID HE COULD Î1 HAVE ANYTHING f ENGRAVED ON IT 1 THAT HE WANTED.
#
rri
I».
i
I
^ l
UYStANOlblQ
SLULLlAwNCE

Rumania Carved
BALKANS: After twenty-seven years of territorial controversy, Rumania and Bulgaria were seen last week to be on the verge of reaching an agreement whereby Bulgaria would get back southern Dobruja. (Dobruja went to Rumania in 1913 after Bulgaria’s defeat in the second Balkan war). It was also expected that King Carol would very shortly cede a strip of western Transylvania to Hungary, who had long been clamoring for territorial revision. These settlements were obviously part of an Axis plan to
Wi

I
s^gg
m
• « y
V %




I

I
K
4é

«
- %
I V
4t *

¦
Vj'fj&t' Jkiry/uy y
mcSuM/ m
ML vwJfeadÆà




# #


•n


• •
Y

%

V l
6
»
l

V
%
Ml
%.
«

r
y
!


**f u. a. r-r or?
-10

Ali riyMi rtirrvtd
« r



i

###PAGE###3###
T
For Figure’s Sake Imitate The Cat
T
Newest Furniture More Conservative
There’s DOUBLE
.-.ENJOYMENT
The Perfect Thirst Quencher
A
A
B
L
in delicious .
FF

Graceful Feline Movements Well Worth Studying


Fall And Winter Styles Follow Less Radical Trend-More Leather Being Used
K
L
DOUBLEMINT GUM


A
S
E


“For a queenly, yet supple, gracefully youthful carriage, study the movements of your pet cat,” says a figure expert.
She did. And here are directions for exercises created as a result of her study.
Lie on your side on the floor with knees drawn up. arms folded in the most comfortable position, back arched. Stiffen neck muscles, thon relax them completely. Now stiffen muscles of the arm for a second or two. Relax them completely. Do the same with the back, with the legs, with the ankles, with the feet.
RFLAX LIKE PUSSY When you have finished, evorf muscle of the body should be relaxed as — well, well — as a cat's. Hold the position for several minutes, not moving, not thinking — just semi-dozing.
Study the movements of the cat she enters a room, then do likewise. Don't hurry in breathlessly. Pause a moment in the doorway, take a deep breath, look around the room before entering it. This very important pause gives you just time enough to regain your poise, make a ladylike entrance.
EMULATE THE PEACOCK When you have learned all the cat can teacli about stretching, relaxing and timing, go to the zoo and study the peacock. The regal carriage of this handsome bird can be emulated with exercises such as the following:
Stretch arms upward. Walk on tips of toes, keeping back straight.
With arms stretched over head and back straight, bend knees very slowly until you are sitting on your heels. Now rise up on toes, stretch arms wide apart as you lower them to hips. Repeat 10 time*.


New home furnishings, fresh from the designers’ blueprints, were brought to Chicago “by carloads” and exhibited in fashionable settinsg both in the Ameri-Mart and in the Merchandise Mart there late in July when the annual summer market introduced the now lines which will eventually find their way Into the homes of this continent this fall and winter.
Trends in furniture styles and changes in the designs appear more subtle indicating that manufacturers are aware of the unsettled conditions in the world and are not risking to much in trying anything zmuch different. CONVERTIBLE TABLES SHOWN The increased use of leather In chairs and sofas, desks and tables was quite noticeable. Very attractive uses of leather were geen Sofas, tor instance, done in combination leather and velvet. O lucious cherry colored sofa had pillows with one side leather and the other of matching velvet. Beautiful pastel shades of leather are lifted on dinning chairs. The small dinning table is definitely rising in family favor, according to manufacturers who are trying, to suit their designs to satisfy the home. makers. Probably the most popular of all are tables which look like a living room piece in the day time but can be converted into a convenient eating place in the evening.
W1, ^
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
SŒM® TEA
Some New Desserts
F#>r a few weeks we will leave the war time menus and take on what might seem a very frivolous mood. But upon close analysis these recipes will be found very economical.
COFFEE CREAM PIE
1	package orange jelly powder 1 V% cups hot coffee 4 eggs
Vt cup cream % cup sugar Vt teaspoon salt
1	tablespoon lemon juice
Dissslve the jelly powder in the hot coffee. Beat the egg yolks slightly. Add % cup sugar, salt and Vi cup cream. (Cook in double boiler until a rich thick custard consistency. Combine with jelly mixture and cool. When mixture begins to thicken, beat with rotary egg beater and fold in stiffly beaten whites to which Vt cup sugar has been added. Fill baked pie shell with mixture and chili. Garnish with whipped cream sprinkled with chopped pecans.
Some requested my pineapple cake so here it is:
SUMMER SPICE CAKE
2	cups cake flour 1 cup sugar
3	teaspoons baking powder Vi teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon Vt teaspoon cloves Vi teaspoon nutmeg Two-thirds cup strong cold coffee
Vt cup soft butter 1 egg
1	teaspoon vanilla
Sift dry ingredients into bowl. Make hollow in centre and pour in all remaining ingredients, except vanilla. Beat all together 2 minutes. Bake in layer pans in a moderately hot oven 25 minutes. Ice with brown sugar icing.
Brown Sugar Icing 2\<i cups brown sugar Vi cup strong coffee
2	egg whites Vt teaspoon salt
Vi teaspoon almond flavoring 1 teaspoon vanilla Put sugar and coffee in sail ce-pan. Stir until sugar dissolves, then boil without stirring to softball stage. Whip egg whites to which salt has been added. Pour syrup over egg whites in bowl in a thin stream, beating constantly. Add flavorings. Place bowl over boiling water and whip until icing will hold a point. Spread. Enough for two layers.
PINEAPPLE DREAM CAKE Butter an inch pan (diameter). In it melt 1 cup brown sugar and 2 Vt tablespoons butter. On the sugar after melting lay as many slices of canned pineapple as pan will hold. Sprinkle with nutmeg. Then cover with this batter:
Vs cup butter Two-thirds cup sugar
3	well beaten eggs
3 teaspodns baking powder 2*4 cups cake flour Two-thirds cup milk Vs teaspoon salt Vs teaspoon flavoring Mix as any light cake. Bake moderate oven for 45 minutes. Turn at once on a round plate. Serve with whipped cream or cus-ard sauce.
room ran
4»
mm


m

T7
X+Æ
¦
HILLS of DESTINY
*gpaàjf!r
m
m
by Agnes Louise Provost
W.
? m

the relief crew. Go keep an eye on the horses will you?"
Joey came forward down the slope on uncertain legs.
"Wthy, Honey, you here?"
“Oh, Joey, can they stop it? How did it happen?"
“Them hoys? Shore they can stop It. Why, Lee fit It all alone for two hours, before me an* Curly and Dir-iell got here.”
“Hut how did It happen?" she persisted. “Does Lee know?”
Joey shook a dubious head. “Kinda looks like it was sot, Honey. I got an Idee he suspicions a lot more'll he lets on, but they ain’t no proof.” •
Minutes dragged by as they watched anxiously. Virginia began hunting for a weapon of her own.
Walt, Honey!”
Joey grasped her arm, pulling her back. Ravels of smoke trailed chokingly, against her face, wavered. thinned and came on again.
“Oh, Joey, It's wind!”
A triumphant yell came from the fire line beyond, and her own voice joined excitedly in Joey's thin cheer. The wind had turned. Men straightened tired bodies and more ped sweat-streaked faces, grinning In sudden cheerfulness.
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood, is troubled by signs of neglect. Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee's foster father and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged by hard times. The ranch is going to ruin and Virginia, Matt's daughter, is visiting the Archers, her aur.c and uncle, in New York. Her uncle wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradish, old associate of Matt's. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her. accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley thinks he may be able to discredit Lee in Virginia's eyes, and encourages Joscfa Ramirez in her liking for Lee. One evening Josefa forces Lee to watch her dance, and throws herself into his arms just as Virginia rides past with Stanley.
# Every day millions find real pleasure in the genuine, long-lasting flavor of Doublemint Gum. Cooling, refreshing, satisfying! Enjoy it after every meal! Millions do!	__.



nr




7ïf7ÏÂŸ°*
S
M
I I
I
t
More Colors Seen In New Fashions
Bloused Backs and Slim Skirts Emphasize Youthful Look	!
Volcano Girl
I
With increased emphasis on youthful detail and silhouette, women’s dresses stress the importance of the one-piece type as well as jacket and bolero suits and redingote costumes in crepe and wool White, black dresses outnumber colors in crepe, satin, tissue faille and velvet colors lead in wool dresses as well as in crepe costumes; and In crepes, great variety is shown in the blue and green families, in red especially the rich dark reds like raisin, in the grays with the accent on the taupe shades, and some browns add cocoas.
High necklines, draped and shirred detail at shoulder and waist subtly bloused backs and the long fitted sleeve or the shirred bracelet sleeve work wonders for more.
CHAPTER XV
At the corral she turned to find Stanley at her heels. “The bunk house is empty,” he told her. “1 saw a couple of men riding out like blazes as as I came out. Something must be up.”
“Hurry
which way did the boys go?"
He indicated it briefly, and hurried. Virginia barely waited for him to mount, and was off. than half a mile away they saw a red glow.
“Oh, it's a new one! It's here!”
Black Llgbtniifg tossed another quarter mile behind him. There it was, just ahead of her. Leaping, licking tongue* of flame, throbbing through a murk of smoke — dark patches — red patches — grotesque figures that moved in a pulsating glow, with arms like flails — Stan ley somewhere behind her — where was Lee? .	**
Her eyes raked the slope anxious-
Doctors call a red-haired patient in a Cincinnati hospital “The Volcano Girl.” Her temperature \ rises regularly to 112 degrees, highest yet recorded in a human being. When her temperature rises she becomes violent, but when it w down she is sweet and charming.
Add Color To Your Life
WHERE WAS STANLEY?
They moved here and there, and stamped out danger spots. Presently the volunteers returned and piled themselves and their implements into the elastic Ford, shy of thanks and declining Virginia's invitation for everyone to breakfast at the Circle V.
It was only part of a day's work.
Dawn streaks wore showing, faint pastel shades, deepening into opalescent light, and Lee was coming toward her. A streaked and ragged tramp of a man, but somehow he marked with authority, and
she said urgently. "And
? "
Your Home is Your Castle So Make It Cheery With Colors of the Rainbow'
IX'8%
out on the edge where the smoke pretty near hid him. takin' doggone good care of hisself an* rubbin’ the smears on his dood shirt when he thought nobody was lookin'.”
Lee was looking after the two disappearing figures.
"Joey.” he said irrelevantly, 'Idid you notice there were tears in her eyes.”
A tonic for a house that’s dull and uninteresting, is a flash of bright color. And an inexpensive one, for, of course, color is the cheapest ingredient.
One decorator feels that every room should have a touch of red somewhere in it—just as every lady should have her lipstick. Turquoise pottery also has a way of perking a room up effectively. Copper trays and jugs can make mighty big splash for small expense; so can brass and pewter.
A TIP TO THE AMATEUR Actually most home-makers are scared to death of bright colors, but here is a .tip on how to get away with bright colors in decorations. The amateur is safer to try just one really scintillating color in a room—such as brilliant cerise in a room that’s otherwise mostly in shades of greys. Or emerald green to counter-balance the deadening effect of the all-taupe room, or with gradations of beige to brown. Lapis Lazuli blue is lovely with dusty pinks and rose-beiges.
INEXPERIENCE CHANGES If you can’t afford to work out these ideas in any really momentous changes, you can create quite a change of scene by making fresh lamp shades and cushions, adding new curtains even if they’re made of inexpensive materials framing a few bright prints, buying some new pieces of pottery.
• To Be Continued)
was
carried heroism and disgrace with
equal lightness.
"No cause for alarm now,” he said cheerfully. "How did you find out about it? Smell smoke, or did some-body arouse the house?"
"I smelled smoke Stanley ...”
She hesitated, pulled between anger and uncertainty. Where was Stanley, and why had he lagged b*> hind when every man was needed?
She saw the ironic glint in l^ee's
When you visit Toronto for the Exhibition
Be sure to call at the
SHAW SCHOOLS
EXHIBIT
(Booth No. 112 General Exhibits Bldg.)
Shaw Vocational Guidance Directors in attendance. Advice and intelligent guidance as to your choice of a career.
FEMININE FROCK
a
For Summer Afternoons
ly
"Stanley, hurry!” she called back — hut no answer came. She flung herself off as near to the fire line as she dared.
Higher up on the slope men were working like methodical demons, with swaying bodies and threshing arms, beating out flames with the brooms of hastily cut scrub, stamping with their feet. One of tlic.ni was taller than the others. She could see his strong, fast movements through the smoke. She began to tug at a lough little scrub that might answer to beat with, but could not ge It loose. Somebody must help those tolling men. Where was Stanley?
CAN THEY STOP IT?
A crescendo of hoof boa Is brought two more Circle V men tearing along from one direction, and from another two glaring eyes appeared, bobbing and shifting. That was an automobile racing toward them with all the speed It had, lurching insanely over hummock and hollow. It drew up with a gasping rattle, only a battered Ford, but piled to the running boards with men. They swarmed out with a clatter of axes and picks and spades, tools for fire breaks, and raced uphill. She heard Lee's shout.
"Take it easy, Joey, here comes

And then



eyes.
"Right here," drawled a careless voice. /
Stanley waw coming up back ctf her, sauntering along with his usual sang froid. His ordinarily careful toilet was somewhat rvmpled, his silk shirt was open at the throat and was streaked and very smudged, and another black streak ran across his chin.
"Oh—Stanley! Where were you?" There was sharp relief in her voice.
"Over there." He indicated the direction with a careless movement of the head. "The horse bolted, or I'd have been here sooner than I was.”
He smiled with engaging frank ness and held up both hands, grimy with unaccustomed toil. Virginia, laughing. looked from Stanley's grimed palms to Lee’s. The laugh broke off suddenly with a sharp intake of breath.
"Oh, Lee, you are hurt! You're burned
%

)
k
Harley-
Davidson
8
/ /.n

• t



New Model»

now on display at oui .-tore. Also large assortment of
USED MOTORCYCLES
to choose from. Prices lower than fui y time in our history.
We invite you to call and Inspect our stock of Motorcycles while attending the Exhibition.
Phone WA. UiMHI
Kennedy and Menton
421 COLLEGE ST., TORONTO
Hurley-l>:ivi<lnoii Uin tribu tor»


1
%
z
*
%t



to
M
<u
C
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased tQ receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto." Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
W#-	ARTIFICIAL
JP LIMBS
jM Artificial Limbs, # SI Trusses and Ab-jj dominai Boita. When in Toronto æy^ visit our new shop, j ? where all work ts w ^ done by men who Jf ^ ire wearing artlfi-e	ial limbs.
149 Church St. Toronto
^ - Elgin 9721
^	Write for
^	Catalogue
c

)

u
dl:
\x

Babies Have Fun
In Unique Way
/
• "
When a doctor asked through the American Medical Association’s journal, for advice on how to stop a baby from getting on his hands and knees and rocking in his cradle "with such force that the bed made a great deal of noise,” he was told, in effect, to skip it. This baby also had a habit of bumping his head on the head board, without injuring himself, until he fell asleep.
"There seems to be no good reason why an effort should be trade to break the habit of bed rocking or head banging,” the Journal advised. “Just why these habits develop is not known. Ignoring them usually causes their disappearancees.”
O
TEARS IN HER EYES Angry red streaks burned dully the hands Lee had not troubled to exhibit. She held one. delicately, for fear her touch would hurt him, and anxiously examined the burns.
"Oh, just a scorch or two. Nothing to worry about.”
His reassuring smile gave no hint that the burns were stinging viciously at that very moment. And there seemed nothing more to be said. She looked at Lee; at Joey, having a little smothered tantrum of his own. "You've been splendid — all of you " This time her quick glance included Stanley.
She mounted quickly, with a last glance at the wide, blackened area still hot underloot and giving off sullen curls of smoke, and at the iwo men looking after her,
Joey waited only until they were out of hearing.
"Did ye hear that?" he exploded irately. ‘Of all the doggono impi-dence! Whyn’t you say somethin’, Ivee Hollister, 'stead of standin’ there Rompin' on my foot till ye dang’ near mashed it?”
Joey's voice rose to an indignant wail. "H » came sneakin' through them juniper* back there when the fire was most over and began puttin' it, nice and delicate, with a scrub Curly d Hi rowed away, 'Way
m
on
I
I
i

f. 3373
sizes 12 20
Mint Jelly Now
For the Winter
Z
By Louise Lennox
This year, more than ever before, femininity counts. With war news pouring in on all sides, it’s up to the fair sex to keep up the more charming aspects of life. This little one-piece frock features the smart long torso look and Very chic front fullness in the skirt. Notice, too, the unusual petal sleeves. Make the dress of a soft fabric with bows to pick up the predominant color of the print. Lace edging at the neck and lower edge of the waistline lends an icing-cool touch.
Style No. 3373 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 1C, 18 and 20. Size 16 requires 3% yards of 30-inch material, 3 yards ruffling.
Send Twenty Cents (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Na ne, Address and Style Number. He suie to state size yoa wish.

Canada’s Leading Machinery and Supply House


Now that mint is plentiful it
is a good plan to make a supply
of mint jelly for winter use. Make
up a lemon jelly in the usual way,
using hot vinegar instead of water. When cool stir in about a handful of finely chopped mint, and stir occasionally until nearly set. A little sugar can, be added to the mint when chopped, if desired. Stored in a cool place, the jelly will keep well and is delicious.
Invites you to see them et their Toronto showrooms, directly opposite the Union Station.
<l.oo SENDS 300
"BRITISH CONSOLS "EXPORT" or "LEGION"
THE A. R. WILLIAMS MACHINERY CO. LTD.
I 1
1
«1-06 FIIOXT ST. WEST
ELgin 23S1
TORONTO
Cigarettes
« 1 lb. Tobocce —BRIER SMOKING ©# MACDONALD'S FINE CUTS (with papers)le Conodlan soldiers OVERSEAS In C.A.S.F. «nils only.
‘ Moll Order end Remittance ter— OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
W. C. MACDONALD INC,
Be* 1929, Piece d'Armes, Mentreel, Cenede
T Ms iftti iui)ect le as| chancela Qevwseisl Remissent
any
WHILE IN TORONTO
Visit our Showrooms
145 FRONT ST. EAST

f
I
v
i
4
i G
While in Toronto Call at
O’DonnelJ-Mackie, Ltd.
Distributors for
NEW STUDEBAKER CARS
And the very best Used Care 1221 BAY ST.
i
Z
J.6f J.TAYLDP LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS
ALL SIZES NEW AND USED SAFES
/
m

ISSUE 33—'40

Ml. 3571
II


i
i
###PAGE###4###


Issue Second War Loan In September
Canada will issue a second war loan
SH*WVILLE, AUG 22, 1940	£iS..1
funds, Finance Minister Haley announced on Sunday.
Holders of Dominion of Canada per cent, bonds maturing September 1st will be given an opportunity of exchanging bonds for bonds of the new This will be in addition to the total of 1250,000,000 to $300,000,000 in
THE EQUITY
Permission Needed to Deliver Wheat to
County Elevators
Hodgins Garage
war
Canada’s War Effort
A weekly review of developments the home front : August 15—23
1—	Col. J. L. Ralston announced that
30,000 single men of around 21 will be called early in October for thirty days military training.	e .
2—	Thirty-nine	I
centres are being prepared across the
Dominion.
3—	A total of 300,000 men will be trained during the ensuing year as part of the non-permanent active militia units
4—	Construction cost of the camps will be about $9,000,000.
5—	Orders in Council passed amplifying the powers of David C. Dick, wool administrator.
6—	J. S. Duncan, deputy minister of National Defence for Air announced that by the end of the present year, the British Coin mon wealth Air Training plan, so far as construction of buildings and airdromes in .concerned, will have reached the objective originally set for the end of 1941,
7—	The Canadian Government is to spend close to $1,000,000 to strengthen Newfoundland’s land and sea airplane bases at Gander Lake and Botwood, announced Hon. C. G. Power, Minister of National Defence for Air bases have been guarded by Canadian troops since the beginning of the war.
8—	Contracts awarded by the Department of Munitions and Supply during the past week numbered 1753 and total $8,067,620.
Permission of the Canadian Wheat Board will have to be obtained before wheat, oats and barley may be delivered to country elevators, loading platforms, mills or terminal elevators during the 1940-41 crop year.	^
The new regulation was contained in Friday, August 16, in the Canada Gazette amending the Canadian
Wheat Board Act of 1936.
The order-in-council also specifies that at the time of receiving the permit, “the producer shall select one delivery point for his wheat, oats and barley which point shall be recorded on the permit, and no wheat, oats or barley shall be delivered at any point other than the one shown
on the permit”
The aggregate deliveries from the farming unit described in the permit must not exceed quotas established by the Canadian Wheat Board.
It is also specified that every person who delivers wheat, oats or barley in excess of the established quotas or infringes any of the regulations regarding quotas, “shall be guilty of an offence and shall be punishable on summary conviction by a fine not exceeding $300 or by imprisonment for three months or both".
From the above quoted statement of the Canadian Wheat Board, it is quite evident that the most profitable Way to market your grains is going to be by feeding them to your live stock.
We can supply you with formula and concentrates to make Balanced Feeds for all ot your live stock and at the same time use your own grains to best advantage.
We welcome your inquiries at anytime.
v
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
on
issue
order-in council published
an
new money.
The first war loan was issued in January when a total of $200,000,000 was sought. The loan was heavily oversubscribed and the Government accepted subscriptions for more than $300,000,000.
Terms of the loan, it is expected, will be announced September 6th probably being followed by the opening of the books for the loan September 9th If the schedule is followed it is likely that the new loan will be delivered to pnr-chasers about October 1st.
K
military training
\
9
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable

Used Cars
Gratifying Increase In Tourist Traffic
D. Leo Dolan, chief of the Canadian Travel Bureau, said Saturday there had been a “very decided pick-up” in tfmrist travel to Canada from the United States in the last few weeks.
Figures were not available but Mr. Dolan declared the increase in tourist traffic was gratifying and indicated the concentrated campaign to bring tourists to Canada was obtaining results.
At the same time, he said, Canadian resorts are doing an increased business with Canadian holidayers w ho, because of Foreign Exchange Control Board restrictions, find it virtually impossible to travel in the United States and are seeing their own country instead.
and Trucks
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
These
\
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O-
Text of Statement At Conference at Ogdensbnrg
NOTICE
Cemetery Donations Acknowledged
Palate Poll Reflects
‘Personality’ of Eaters
J. Ld. HODGINS
I hereby give notice that I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name without my written order.
JOS. H. BROWN,
R. 2, Shawville, Que
Following is the text of the statement issued by Rt. Hon. W. L. Mackenzie King, Prime Minister of Canada, and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, President of the United States, at the conclusion of their historic conference on the defence of the northern half of the Western Hemisphere at Qgdensburg, N. Y., over the week-end.
“The Prime Minister and the President have discussed the mutual problems of defence in relation to the safety of Canada and the United States.
“It has been agreed that a permanent Joint Board on Defence shall be set up at once by the two countries.
“This Permanent Joint Board on Defence shall commence immediate studies relating to sea, land and air problems, including personnel and material.
• “It will consider in the broad sense the defence of the north half of the Western Hemisphere”.
The permanent Joint Board on Defence will consist of four or five members from each country, most of them from the services. It will meet shortly.
While celebrities of stage, screen	—
and radio profess a liking for epi- Previously acknowledged
curean dishes, the tastes of other David T. Hodgins.........
public figures are for the more | w. G. Cowan ...... ..
conventional foods
ences, which seem to prove that I Cecil Sinclair..................
what you eat determines your per- Mrs. James Wilson,-------;......
sonality, were collected in a “pal- m w. Hodgins, Timmins.
ate poll” conducted by the National | Dr. Alf. McRae, Ottawa......
W. Caldwell, Ottawa.........
Mrs. E. J. Titus, Lake Wood,
N. J..............* ...
Clarendon W. I.............
Jas. J. Graham, Wyman------
R. A. Hodgins..............
Mrs C. H. MacLean..........
Mrs. Reg. Hodgins .......
Mrs. T A. Eades, Ottawa...
Mrs. Ed Smiley.............
James Dale.................
R C. Morrison..............
Frank Corrigan.............
J. E. Cowan ...............
J^hn Caldwell, Caldwell----
Mrs. Rug Elliott ..........
A. G. Brough...............
Est. Mrs. Geo. Hodgins by
Mrs W. D. McCleary
$ 32 00
Phone 64 J.
2 00
2 00
Au g. 6, 1940
1 oo
The prefer- Mrs. Samuel Sinclair
/ / /'/ / / /I/!/ / / / / / / / / / / /!/¦/'/'/	/
1 00
NOTICE
2 00
5 00
5 00
Province of Quebec \ Municipality of Clarendon j
2 00
ESTABLISHED 1883
Restaurant association.
Numbered among the gourmets are Bette Davis, Lillian Gish, Dorothy Lamour, Cecils B. De Mille and H. V. Kaltenborn. Miss Davis likes to start her “perfect dinner’1 with caviar and egg, Miss Gish with a “bit of DuBonnet,” Miss Lamour with fresh shrimp served on cold artichoke leaves with whipped may-
Mr. De Mille votes for
5 00
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes, as established by the Municipal Council of Clarendon, has been made and completed, that it now is and will remain in ray possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the third day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of 1.30 p.m , but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken I Estate of the late Miss Maris Ann cognizance thereof, if he so desires, Hodgins, in her life time of the \ illage shall pay the amount of his taxes to the of Shawville, Quebec, are hereby reundersigned at his office, within the quested to produce same within ten twenty days following the said delay of | days of the date of this notice, thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 7th day of August, 1940.
COACH
10 00
INVALID
2 00
2 00
2 00
GEORGE HYNES & SON
1 00
5 00
1 00
Directors of Funeral Service
1 00
onnaise
crab creole with sauterne as an appetizer and roast pheasant with burgundy for the entree, and Mr. Kaltenborn forgets about the European troubles of his radio broadcasts in a meal that starts with blue points on the half shell and winds up with cognac served in an inhaling glass.
2 00
1 00
Shawville, Que.
2 00
2 00
Phone S3
2 00
10 00
2 00
NOTICE
2 OU
But if you’re entertaining a sena- Lawson Corrigan........
tor, congressman, governor, mayor, Austin McDowell... .
or sports notable, more common | Wesley Hodgins ...........
Alf. Armstrong........
Gov. Keen Johnson of Kentucky I Andrew Sly................
submits a combination of tomato Mrs. J. D. Hodgins ....
juice, old-fashioned bean soup, Thos Eades    .............
broiled steak, greens, beets, pota- Mrs. Walter Findlay ..., toes, head lettuce with roquefort Jas. Caldwell. ..........
dressing, milk and ice cream with G. H. McDowell, Ottawa cake as his “company dinner,” but Geo. T. Dagg and Arthur breaks down and confesses under Mrs Lewis Hodgins.
the heading of “remarks” that ‘‘my R. E. McRae......... ....
favorite menu really is:	hog jowl, | Plate collection at Memorial
turnip greens, combread, navy beans, buttermilk and cherry pie”
NOTICE
2 00
Dnü Cooper Dares Hitler to Invade
2 00
All persons having claims against thî
2 00
fare would be in order
Province of Quebec j School Muncipality of Clarendon j
2 00
Alfred Duff Cooper, daring Hitler to carry out an a tempt to invade Britain, declared Saturday night “we are quite ready to receive him now and we shall really be very disappointed if he does not turn up."
Broadcasting after a day in which for the first time in a week there were no mass air raids during daylight hours, the Minister of Information said “this week end was, we were told by German boasters and bullies, to be a week-end of terror in Great Britain. I am speaking now towards the close of Saturday evening, the middle of the week end, which has hitherto been a singularly quiet and peaceful one.”
“There is no terror in Great Britain today”, Mr. Duff Cooper said. “Rather there is a sense of achievement, a spirit of confidence, a note of victory and a longing only that they shall come again in greater numbers in order that we may continue t > take the fearful toll of them that we have already taken.v
2 00
5 00
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householder of this municipality,
that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during All and everyone who has claims wLich time it may be amended ; any against Dame Margaret Armstrong, ratepayer may, during the said delay, widow of the late John Bade», previous complain of such roll, which will he to the time of her death, that is to say taken into consideration and homolog-U-August 7th, 1040, are requested to ed with or without amendment, at the
meeting of the Commissioners to take place on the 4th day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of Eight o’clock in the
persons interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of h's taxes to the undersigned, at bis office, within the twenty days rfollowing the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 7th day of August, Î940.
2 00
2 00
R VV. HODGINS,
E T. HODGINS, Executors
5 00
2 00
2 00
Shawville, Que., Aug. 22, 1940
1 00
JOHN A. DEAN, Sec.-Treas. Municipal Council of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
I 45 62 5 00
Service John L. Hodgins Matthew Sinclair
NOTICE
2 00
Sen. Guy M. Gillette of Iowa casts a ballot for roast beef or steak, but ;;ra Armstrong
ssr rz,-rsroïïB LVnsu
P. Nye of North Dakota says he P'or'al Kilgour ....------------••• •
likes his chicken soup thick and ^rs- A. K Possel white, of Ste
his vegetable soup thin.	I Sebastien, Que ............
Gov. Ralph L. Carr of Colorado adds this thought after listing his preferences:	“Give me a glimpse
of a Colorado sunset and as twilight falls over the Rockies, I would change places with no man on | Mrs. Reggie Hodgins
earth.” Mayor Dan B. Butler of	___ _______________ More than 1,250,000 employees come
Omaha, Neb., prescribes a heavy	|	within the scope of this plan. A large
repast and concludes under ‘‘re-	i	Beavers and War	proportion have already pledged thern-
marks” that “after eating a meal	-- selves to purchase War Savings Certifi-
like the above, too full for re- Canadian beavers are paying for the 1 cates in this way. In many cases the Decks have been cleared for the	marks.” Mayor Brantly Harris of	WAr, not gladly but due to one of those	! deductions are for small amounts, per
mobilization of man power fur home	Galveston, Texas, also under ‘‘re-	unfortunate accidents w hich sometimes	, haps fifty cents or a dollar each pay-day,
defence and the stage set for the marks,” says: “A good couch to go pAppen in the best regulated of our fur but in the aggregate the investment of military training plan that will summon	to sleep on” suits him best after his	|	bearing families.	these employees in War Savings lYrtiti
approximately 30,000 young Canadians	favorite dinner. Mayor J. J. Kauf-	i	Four men were trapping muskrat in	cates reaches an impressive sum every
to camp each month to be taught funda- man of Tacoma, Wash., admon- ^e vicinity of Lac la Ronge, Saskat- : month.
mentals of modern soldiering.	ishes:	“Don’t forget the finger ciiewan. Their names were liagnar j Now, anyone in Canada who operates
Until the men, certified fit for train- bowl.”	Victorson, Wm. J. Isbister, Rod Serine ; a bank account may emulate this fine
ing, reach their designated camps and	_________	and Pete Isbiater.	] example in practical patrictism
are turned over to military authorities	There is a closed season on beaver in chartered bank in Canada has available
of the Departments lies with the Machine Now Can Show the province of Saskatchewan, but some a special “pledge form” to be used by Department of National War Service.	,	- c «.* times these animals are caught in traps depositors to instruct their bankers to
The first task to be tackled by the	* ne Inside or oolids ^ for muskrat and other animals. In purchase War Savings Certificates for
Department is the classification and in- A machine which enables scien- these cases the trapper must handover them on the 15th of each month by dexing of all registration cards, accord tists to look inside solid metal was 8UCb pelts to the Department of Nation- means of automatic deductions from ing to the age groups for men and described recently before the final I A\ Resources. The pelts are sold at their regular accounts, women, single and married. Registrars session of the American Physical I auction, and the Department allows The applicant simply fills in this in each constituency and district régis society meeting,	those who report and send in the hides pledge and with it a relative application
trars attaeded to the boards in each of Three Johns Hopkins university approximately half the value of the form for one or more Certificates and eleven military districts and in Prince research workers reported the de- animals by the way of payment.	hands them in to his banker. In each
Edward Island are conducting	this tab-	velopment of a double crystal spec-	jn this case the total value was	succeeding month the banker will pur-
uklion.	trometer	which makes possible new	gH2.50, aDd the amount accruing to	chase one oi more Certificates as stated
Single men between the ages of 21 studies of the inner crystalline struc these gentlemen would be $41.25. They to the depositor, and 45 are liable to be called to train ture of metals and their alloys. had, however, other ideas in regard to The actual Certificates will be mailed during the first year. The Department When X-rays are shot through ^e use of the wealth which had come to the depositor at his home address, or of National War Services will call up pieces of metals the resulting photo- t0 their hands. Each man intended to any other address he may designate.
n by groups, starting with those 21 graphs reveal exactly the ar- enlist. Each decided to turn over his Here is an opportunity for everyone ’years of age in October, as the Depart- rangement of the crystals inside thi earnings and so today the Receiver to put system in his purchase of War ment of National Defence makes known âietal, Dr. J. A. Bearden, Dr. T. to. Qeneral of Canada is enriched by a Savings Certificates. Incidentally, it is its requirements. These men will be	Snyder and Dr.	W. W. Beeman said.	cjjeuue	©f $41 25	to be used as	they have	an admirable and simple way to accumu-
medically eqamined as near as possible	A prediction	that three “ghost”	stat*(j	for tbe	Red Cross,	the War	late over the months a valuable “nest
to their place of registration.	All	men	elements	of matter will be found in	3ervjc,.s 0f Canada, or for Legion War	egg” of Canada’s finest securities
vie category C-1 or better will	be	con	the near	future came from three	Services. There seem to bê some places	Canadians can now now take advant-
sidered fit for training. Transportation other scientists	|Q Canada where income taxes and war age of this pledge system which is so
will he provided free for men to attend	The existence	of these elements is	gtH	taxes are	not needed.	Lac la	admirably adapted to the needs of the
medical examination and to proceed to	indicated by	tables of atomic	Ron(?e	may be une of them. These men	average man and woman, and follow the
one of the 30 or more training centres, weights, but they have eluded the 0<rere{j wgat they had—their money and lead of over one million employees pur It is expected there will be eight calls best detective work of hundreds of	chasing through the pay-deduction plan,
within a year,	research laboratory workers.
2 00 2 00 2 00
A Fine Example
2 00
Over 9,000 Canadian commetcial and
industrial firms have already set up the,	.	..	. ,.
_____	system of voluntary salary deductions	the same within ten days from
J. R. McDowell, Secretary of the enallle.,Leir.employee» to purchase e a e ' ,h,s
Committee ™ ar Savings Certificates by easy and
regular instalments. The same plan has I been extended to include parts of the Civil Service and government pension-
1 00
Mr
MRS. SOPHIA MacLEAN, Curat rix
Shawville, Quebec August 15, 1940
Maple Grove Cemetery acknowledges with thanks the following
donation :
evening
$2 00
ers
Insulation 100 Years Old
Mineral wool, the most widely used form of fireproof house insulation in the world, will celebrate its hundredth anniversary during 1940. The material, according to the U. S. department of the interior, was first manufactured in Wales, England, in 1840. It was introduced into this country in 1867.
Decks Cleared for Training Plan
JOHN A. DEAN, Sec.-Treas.
School Municipality of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
The Macdonald College Journal
Every
Couldn’t Take It
Confused by strange surroundings,
a doe that had wandered into Pasa- I Tjlis journal is owned, edited and dena, Calif., jumped through a plate published monthly hy Macdonald
glass window of a bank and took ref- College. The subscription price is 60 uge in the elevator. As it had suffered a broken leg in this too close contact with civilization, a game warden had to be called to shoot it.
cents
per year.
In July I mailed the College Office the names of about 350 members of
C.P.A.S. No. 1.
I trust that each of these members received free a copy of the introductory issue a short time ago, and that you have found time to read and appreciate the contents so that many will desire to receive it regularly.
On request of College Officials I solicit your subscriptions
To encourage prospective subscribers whether members of C.P.A.S. or not, to give me their subscriptions, I may state that part of the commission I receive I will give to the war effort or
the C.P.A.S
The first regular issue will be Septem-Please let us have your subscriptions without delay. A large list is important. We have a few sample copies on hand
Treasury Gadget
Stretched across the top of the tellers’ windows of the state treasurer's office in Springfield, 111., are many strands of wire which look like radio aerials.
Ed Lcnergan, press agent for Treasurer Louie E. Lewis, explains they are part of a robbery-burglary system, charged with high voltage to prevent climbing into the treasury office and fixed to set off alarms in police stations.
Cost of the system is $2,600 and t saves $4,000 annually on theft insurance Little money is kept in the >ffice. but there are many bonds bur-;lars might yen for.
£
o. 1
ber
R. W. HODGINS,
Authorized Agent.
###PAGE###5###

%
Service Announcement
ShawviLLB United Church Rev A. F. Fokbs B. A., B.D. PA3tor
Sunday, August 25
11.00 a.m—Service at Shawville
1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion
3.00 p.m. Service at Stark’s Corners
All services are in charge of the Ottawa Laymen's Forward Movement, who are sending a delegation to the congregations to speak on Evangelism.
The evening service is withdrawn at Shawville
The Equity
August Specials
SAVINGS and THRIFT
Established I8S3
FUBLISHBD KVBRY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
REAL SAVINGS are the excess of earnings over expenditures.
BY SAVING NOW you build present security and make provision for future needs when your earnings may be lower.
THRIFT is a symbol of responsibility.
For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in Canada.
Know Your Bonk—it can be helpful to you#
r :
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
$1.50
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
• #
2.00
Men’s and Boys’ Straw Hats
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
15c
To Clear at
W. O.COWAN. PUBLISHER
Men’s Light Summer Caps
Blue and White and Fancy Checked
>
a
f
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstronq-Sales, B. D.
Sunday, August 25 St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at Sunday School Service at Sunday School Service at The Minister will preach at all services
rV*y.
25c
Pulpwood Wanted
The
of
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
j.;m. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
10.00 11 00
44
IHen’s White Trousers
Good Quality
Knox,
2.00
('
44
3.00
1ST. 1 132 —OVI* A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Austin,
10.30
$1.75

Phone 70
8.00
Farm For Sale
Fifty acres on Lot No. 6 c, Range 9, and 100 acres on Lot No. 6 a, Range 10, in the Township of Clarendon. Fairly well improved with buildings.
Apply to
MRS. WM. E. HODGINS,
Yarm, Quebec.
ANGLICAN -
Sunday, August 25 St. Pauls
Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z / Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z'Z Z Z Z Z Z / Z Z Z Z Z Z / Z Z Z Z,
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Men’s Gabardine Trousers
Sizes 34, 36, 38, 40
Morning Prayer
11.00 a m.
7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
$2.25
St. Luke’s Service Withdrawn
X
Holy Trinity 3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
$1.00
Teacher Wanted
Protestant teacher wanted for No. 2 School, Mashatn, Que. Elementary Diploma. Salary $500.00 per annum.
Apply to
JOS. NESBITT,
Secretary Treasurer, Rupert, - Quebec,
Girls’ Slacks, Blue and Fawn..
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, August 25
Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer 10.30 North Onslow, Evening Prayer	2 30
Charteris, Evening Prayer	7.30
2.00 p.m.—Sunday School
1.30 p.m.—Sunday School 2.00 p.m —Evening Prayer
« t •
69c
Men’s Polo Shirts, Green, Red or Blue
• •
75c
Men’s Sweat Shirts, White only
Phone 27
Teacher Wanted
Protestant Teacher holding a Quebec Elementary Diploma, to teacher in Davidson School, term 1940—1941. For further particulars apply to,
JOHN C. HOWARD,
Secretary Treasurer,
Davidson, P.O, Que.
BOOT AND SHOE DEPARTMENT
All White Shoes, Oxfords, Straps and Gores
$1.49 and $1.95
Look Here
THE KODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc'.
X
To Clear at
Quebec
Shawville,
O
FOR SALE—A number of Plymouth Rock Pullets hatched in April ; and a number of White Leghorn year-old hens, also a litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for delivery 2dth of August. Apply to R. J. Tracy. Y arm. Que. Phone 20-21.
ZiZ'ZIZIZlZlZlZiZIZi/lZiZVZiZIZlZI/lZiZ'/'Z'ZIZ'ZI/IZIZi/ /
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT
NEW UNPAINTED FURNITURE
$5.95 $4.25 $1.50 $1.95
FOR SALE—One pair of Clyde Colts, 1 and 2 years old ; also on* two-year-old Clyde Stallion registered. Will sell or trade for cattle. Apply to Jas. A. Tracy. Caldwell. Que. Phone 11-29.
Drop Leaf Tables Kidney Dresser .
Kidney Bench ...
Night Table ....
DALE’S TINSHOP
<
-v
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
FOR SALE—Litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for delivery, August 30th. Apply to Manson McCaug, R. R. No. 2, Shawville.
¦s
W
x
ROOMERS WANTED — Comfortable
Apply to
• f

&
rooms, suitable for schoolats. Mrs. Earl Horner. Shawville.
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
cJUtc^
P-U-M-P-S
net
5c
• • •
Clark’s Pork and Beans, ind
ROOMERS WANTED - Rooms for school children. Apply to Mrs. Norris Angus. Shawville»
27c
tails, 3 for
44
4 4
AS A PERFECT CAST
4 •
44
25c
“ jumbo 2 for
Golden Bantam Corn, 2 cans for...
Gold Medal Tea and Measuring Glass “Hero Wax” Liquid Floor Wax 10 Bars Castile Soap.............
44
44

44
FOR RENT—Comfortable dwelling on Main Street East, Shawville. Recently re-decorated. Apply to Mrs. Clifton Corrigan. Shawville, or Mrs. T. A. Kelley, Breekenridge.
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit y oil. Call in and'see this stock and save money.
A
21c

75c


25c
FOR SALE—A number of good sound cedar fence posts, ready for delivery. Apply to Chas Milkie, Schwartz, P.O,
25c
Get Your Picking Supplies Early
Heinz and Y"YY Vinegar, Spices of all kinds, Sealers, Rubber and Zinc Rings
HOUSE TO RENT— Comfortable five roomed dwelling house with modern conveniences. Apply to Mrs S. Chamber-i lain, after 7.30 each evening, Shawville, Que.
t
LESLIE DALE
Quebec
i	Shawville,
§jgjgjgj5fgfgjgjgjgj5jgJ5ja51BJ51BEJBJSJaEcJBE^
FOR SALE-A quantity of ice Apply to Herman's Stork, Norway Bay. or Phone 414, Shawville.
•<
I
i

V
FOR SALE—Pair Clyde Colts 3 and 4 years old. dark bay. well matched ; also one year-old bay gelding. Belgium , one set single harness slightly used. Apply to Melvin C. Woods. Charteris, Que.

MacLean’s
%
P.
ROOMS TO RENT—Rooms suitable for school girls. Apply to Mrs. Rak McTikrnan, Shawville, Que.
RED & WHITE STORE
9
FOR S lLE—About sixty Red Hampshire Pullets, ready to lay. Apply to Jas. Tracy,’Caldwell, P.O. Phone 11- 29.
f <P f, * f f (IS f, f f f) f f
(r, ft (g) (i f f m f «F m (!) e
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
I I
Repairing Warped Doors
Warped doors are not only un sightly, but can be a great annoyance, either because they stick oi fail to close properly. A dooi which is swung properly on its hinges, so that it opens freely without sticking against the door jamb or tread, will rarely warp. To pre vent doors from warping, see that they have proper clearance. Whenever they show signs of sticking, the points at which they bind should be planed immediately.- Doors often warp when they are stored for a season, if they are not properl)
Never place a door ir,
LOST—Between Brule Hill and Walter Mortatta. 7th Line, young pigs in bag. Finder kindly notify Adam Elliott, Yarrn. Que.
CARLING BREWERIES, LIMITED
MONTREAL
School Opening-September 3rd
«04
SPECIALS
JULES LAVERDURE
FOR S A LE - One 1929 Plymouth Sedan
license. Will i. Apply to Bert . Phone 14-23.
in good condition, with sell cheap for cash. Stanley, Shawv.lle
AGENT

QUEBEC
HULL,
i

A
Libby’s Por\ & Beans 3 cam# 27c I Coffee, London House, glass Jar 57c K Kovali Jelly *taher per pkg. 15c | Salad Dressing, i-rtar as <*. 40c
Certo, per bottle.
Parawax, 2 lbs.....
»,
LOST—Placed in a car by mistake on Tuesday, July 30th. parcel containing one pair worn trousers, ban shirt and a pair of new green serge trousers, ; Finder kindly call Edward Dago No. 2, Shawville. Phone 22 -7.
z

Wilson’s Garage
size 34. , R.R.
25c
30c
4 •
# 4
I 4
« ••
The Same Reliable Service
25c
FOR SALE—Pair of well - matched Percheron Colts, one and two years old, mare and gelding. Will take cattle in exchange. Apply t, Wm Howard, Yaroi. Que. Phone, 14 3.
• " 17c
4 4
4 4
4 4
put away a slanting position against the wall The best way to store doors is tc suspend them from three or foui hangers made of stock one inch fcj two inches.
Have you your
Scribblers, Note Books, Pens, Fountain Pens, Pencils, School Kits, etc., etc.
a
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Serviettes, «w** * «oiored 15c | Wheat Midlings per beg $1.75 Wax Paper, per pkg
15c I Mow lee Provender,
$1.35
4 4
FOR SALE—One Deering Binder with sheaf carrier in good condition. Will sell cheap. Apply to M. B. Drcmmond, R R. No. 3. Shawville.
Ford Service
$1.25
Coffee, fresh ground, pw m. 39c | 5 bag lots
Confidence Is Right!
Elliott Wisbrod of Los Angelet thinks he has something really gooc in the way of a bullet-proof vest and he backs up his confidence ii
a big way policemen, he allowed a .33-calibei
revolver to be fired at him timt and again from a distance of twt
feet.
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
-,
m
THRESHING
SEPARATOR FOR SALE — Used International Harvester Grain Separator, 22 inch cylinder. 3d inch body, high bagger, strong blower, com paratively new self feeder. Price $300 00 half cash, half terms. Apply to Ottawa Valley Grain Products. Renfrew, Ont.
THE CORNER STORE
J. P. Wilson
Before an audience o
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centrait»
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
____ ____
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
p one 40
###PAGE###6###
Fi
4
in s job where he had to work to eight millionths of an inch, m measurement so fine that it ia difficult to imagine. It is like splitting a hair, and then subdividing it eight or ten times. When working to such limits, Mr. Webber takes into consideration the heat of his body and the light thrown off by the electric bulbs in hi# workshop.
Champ Hair-Splitter
“Andy Hardy” Goes Fishing Below Bow Falls,
Canadian Rockies
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
The Americans claim to turn out the finest machine tools and is George G. Webber, of Cleveland, Ohio, whose steel blocks are finished so perfectly that when placed together they stick as though welded, and must be slid 9 apart. Recently he was engaged

v«-
vr.r.
¦W.'.WW

f >


LESSON VII
(No. 3)
Much has been written about the passenger pigeon and its disappearance. The best account we have for the species in Ontario is by Margaret H. Mitchell in Contribution No. 7 of the Royal Ontario Museum of Zoology and I do not intend to repeat a too familiar story. But every bit of evidence we have shows that man was solely responsible for the extinction of these birds. In one year, 1878, at Petoskey, in Michigan, market hunters shipped over a million pigeons from one colony. No bird, no matter how abundant, could stand such destruction.
RECORD OF DESTRUCTION
White pine makes the best lumber of any of our native soft woods. Formerly it grew in a great belt across Ontario from Lake Huron to the Ottawa. Lumbering for this pine started early in the 10th century. The trees were made into square timbers that were floated down our rivers and shipped around the world. The only virgin stands of white pine that remains are in Algonquin Park for it took only CO years to despoil the growth of centuries.
GOD'S CARE OF HIS PEOPLE.
—P.a'm 23.
GOLDEN TEXT—-Jehovah ie my shepherd; I shall not want. P# 23: 1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—David lived through most of the eleventh century B.C. This psalm has no date; some place it early in his life, and some late in his life; tentatively we might say that it could have been written about 1040 B.C. .
The beauty of this little psalm consists first in its calm gssur-ance of Jehovah's all-sufficiency; and second in the simplicity, variety and fullness with which this assurance is set forth. The essential thought is felt to be one from beginning to end, and that thought it sweet. The infinite God is mine, and cares for me, provides for me, is with me. Every blessing named appears as a personal gift. It is this intense personality which so greatly endears he psalm. And then there is a satisfying conclusion: it is a consummation, which delights because of the feeling of homelonging to which it appeals, ana which it assures of satisfaction.
Jehovah in this psalm is Shepherd, Guide, Host whom as sheep, traveller, guest, is easily imagined by every quickened soul.
What the Shepherd Does For Us
Ps. 23: 1. Jehovah is my shepherd; I shall not want. If someone else were the. shepherd, I might want. But when the Lord is my shepherd he is able bo supply my needs, and he is certainly willing to do so, for hie heart is fgll of love. 2. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures ; He leadeth me beside still waters. As God has clothed the earth with verdure of green, because green is the most restful of all colors for the eye, so God brings the soul into green pastures — into places where the eye of the soul will be delighted with the things that it beholds, most of all, thé beauty of the Lord, the loveliness of Christ, the holiness of life itself, and the resplendence of the hope which is set before these wonderful truths always rest the fevered and weary soul.
¦
i
| This Curious World
By William Ferguson
m
¦V
>**x-
::
- 1



)


AT THE GREATEST KNOWN
OCEAN
DEPTHS,
THERE IS A




Ml#

E



mu?

%V"

"####
#,#####
jp

cm

SAX
m \A
VA

MSI
z+ i •*£»•
#
••x*
BAM



TO EACH SQUARE INCH OF SURFACE
as
wüwü

*AV


*•$:

w**



vA^V
J
««SB
r.

AM,
-
pHÜ


/
ma

•:«
?
/
W

<9
>#;



L
gSagSW
98fo



r
m
*

vw


.
>
(
mm
WAV
•>
«ft

:*|K




STONE
SHOT
‘


5A’/o,
95
*
?r
Sure, it’s Mickey himself busy casting for troqt in the beautiful Bow River below tumbling Bow Falls. He hasn’t got one yet, but there’s lota T»f trout in that river and he’ll have one before long or that look of concentration means nothing. Picture was taken round the end of July when young Mr. Rooney, on holiday between pictures, was a guest for several days at the Banff Springs Hotel.	—C.P.R. Photo.
WAS USED IISi
-
WE CAN REPLENISH The record of the destruction and waste of many of our natural resources can be duplicated everywhere on the continent. Looking back we can see the mistakes but our forbears believed that the wild life, the forests and the fishes would last forever. This was quite understandable but we should endeavor to avoid similiar optimism. We can replenish many of our depleted resources but it will take a long time.
CATERPILLARS
relation to
>
CANNONS DURING THE 14-TH CENTURY/
¦*
BREATHE THROUGH
!	"PORTHOLES "
‘
I
THE
ALONG their sides
Temper—Your Voice
alone, for we are sinners needing forgiveness. Not mercy alone, for we need many things besides forgiveness. But each with the other linked—goodness to supply every want; mercy to forgive every sin. God will not break off his kindness, nor suffer his faithfulness to fail, nor forsake the works of his hands, for “his mercy endur-eth forever.” And I shall dwell in the house of Jehovah forever. I shall be a member of his household, a - member of his family, enjoying his protection, holding communion with him, and subsisting on his bounty. David surely must be thinking of life beyond the grave, of fellowship with God in a heavenly home.
SOMETIMES
WEIGHED
200 POUNDS
EACH.
.A
When angry a person invariably raises his voice in pitch as well as in volume. Hundreds of experiments with the human voice have been conducted by two eminent professors, Dr. Grant Fairbanks and Dr. -Wilbert Pron-ovos, of the State University of Iowa, in which film and stage actors as well as business men
and women in all walks of life have figured. They have discovered that when rage or fear grips one, the voice goes up a full octave above the pitch level for
indifference, contempt, or grief. These three range in the neighbourhood of low C. When actors portray emotion their voices cover a pitch range of fully three octaves.
I
\

\
r
f
ik


m
COP* 1838 BY NEA SERVICE. INC.
SEA PRESSURE increases at the rate of a ton to the square inch with each mile of depth Off the island .of Mindanao, in the Philippines group, soundings of 35,400 feet have been reported.
NEXT: Arc red squirrels good swimmers?
Form Notes . .
THE SPRING WHEAT THAT CAME THROUGH
Winter-killing of Fall Wheat is one of the commonest arguments against seeding this important crop, writes Prof. Henry G. Bell, fo the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph. Winterkilling may be occasioned by poor drainage, continued drought in fall, dessication or drying out due to cold blistering winds in late winter and early spring, or starvation due to deficiency in plant-food. A well-nourished Wheat crop will usually survive low temperatures and drying winds of winter and early spring.
Ten Fall Wheat growers in the Niagara Peninsula reported little difference in appearance between fertilized and unfertilized Wheat last fall. In spring they reported an average winter-kill of unfertilized Wheat amounting to 24%, but only 8% winter-kill of adjoining fertilized Wheat.
AN OUTSTANDING SURVIVAL
One outstanding survival occurred on the farm of Mr. Morrison Comfort, St. Anns. Last fall as winter set in, Mr. Comfort reported the unfertilized Wheat about 80% normal, and the unfertilized about 40%. His soil test showed the field to be acid in reaction (5. Op H) medium well supplied with nitrate nitrogen and potash, but very low in available phosphoric acid. Fertilizer was applied at 250 lbs. per acre to half of the area. This spring the Agricultural Representative of Lincoln County graded the fertilized area 90% normal, and the unfertilized 30%.
The average yields and weights per bus. for fertilized and unfertilized Wheat in the 1939 tests were as follows:—
Fertilized—43.9 bus. per A. weighing 59.0 lbs. per bus.; Unfertilized—33.1 bus per A. weighing 58.0 lbs. per bus.; Gain from fertilizer—10.8 bus. per A. and 1.0- lbs. increase in Wt. Per Bus.
GLAMOROUS STAR
13 She has a
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL 1, 6 Pictured screen star.
10 Device for tracing.
12 Father.
14	Star.
15	Behold.
16	Minute organism.
19	Nut covering.
20	Argot.
21	Mohammedan nobles.
23	Wrath.
24	To perturb.
26 Membranous
bag.
29	Transposed.
30	Going before. 49 Ampitheater
32	Sound of pleasure.
33	Bulk.
34	Uncommon.
36	Eternally.
37	Fashion.
39	To careen.
40	Scolding person.
42 Height of a person.
latfflllfilMKIlM
mmm
mmci
«"§1
S^slia
\m S
A commercial treaty was signed between Norway and Great Britain as long ago as 1217.
disposition.
17	Pool.
18	Amidic.
19	Small nail. 22 Repeated.
24	Accented syllables.
25	Growing out.
27	Lava.
28	To captivate.
30	Wages.
31	Three.
33 Wise men.
35 Poem.
37	Distant.
38	Payment demand.
us

EIFFEL
Guide and Restorer
3. He restoreth my soul. Christ uses may restorative ministries. Sometimes it fs the word of a friend or minister. Or it may be some lovely mood of nature. lie guideth me in the paths of righteousness, for his name’s sake. In the spiritual life, of which the psalmist is here speaking, the word “path” is a very simple, easily understood symbol of one’s conduct, the manner of one’s life, determined by the things he does and the things he does not do. 4. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for thou art with me; Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Was the Lord able to recover the soul from life’s wayside weariness and hunger? He will equally defend and keep it amid life’s deadliest dangers. “Thy rod and thy staff” are not synonymous, for ever the shepherd of today, though often armed with a gun, carries two instruments of wood, his great oak club, thick enough to brain a wiid beast, and his staff to lean upon or to touch his sheep.
Spiritual Joy and Blessing
5. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. In the Lord our God we are secured against the destructiveness of our yesterdays, the menaces of today, and the darkening fears of the morrow. Our enemies are stayed at the door. We are the Lord's guests, and our sancturary is inviolable. Thou hast anointed my head with oil. This similitude is borrowed from the usage of an Eastern feast, in which the welcome of the host to his guests is expressed by the precious unguents with which he anoints them on their entrance into his home. Our anointing i* ours in the mind and intention of God; it is for us to seek it, to appropriate it, and to allow it to be the one blessed consciousness of our life. My cup runneth over. The cup is a symbol expressing man’s capacity for any particular experiences, as a cup filled with suffering, or a cup of joy. Here it seems to speak of contentment. The cup symbolizes man’s desires and needs, and the overflowing cup—the abundant satisfaction of these needs and desires, so that the man who has the Lord for his shepherd, and has all the blessing of which the psalmist lia* just been speaking, knows a life filled with contentment, pea. e and satisfaction.
RADIO REPORTER
m
By DAVE ROBBINS

A
LN
tenor. The agent knew better than to cross her, and in desperation he faced the line of aspirants in the waiting room. “A tenor,” he cried—“any tenor”. Massue answered, sang with the soprano and when the audition ended, he, and not the lady, was handed the contract. The following week he made his debut as the Duke in “Rigoletto.”
AUTUMN FORECAST
Although this hot weather keeps us well aware that it is summer it will not be long until the cooler fall days, and all the new programs of the 1941 season will be making their bows. This fall will see great changes in faces and casts, as well as types of shows, on all the networks and major stations.
The public is clamouring for new radio shows thing just done over from the old pattern, as the Charlie McCarthy show was. This season will see Eddie Cantor back on the air lanes, Fred Allen in a new show on a new network—and you will hear many newcomers to radio taking star parts in the new programs.
So you can look forward to a real season of top-notch entertainment this fall and winter!
A
I
ST AjL'I
or skillful actress.
45 Distinctive theory.
47 Stream.
VERTICAL
2	Right (abbr.) 41 ln a r<>W.
3	White fur.	43 Berets.
4	Stain of	44 Chestnut.
4G To close with
center.
50 Tennis point. 51-Italian river. 52 River obstruction.
54 To card wool. 56 Measure of
disgrace. 5 Land
wax.
48 Queer.
6	Grain'(abbr.). 50 Eucharist
7	Road (abbr.)
8	Stair post.
9	Aroma.
11 Eatable grass 55 Above.
57 Note in scale.
measure.
GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS
CBC listeners will have an opportunity of following the progress of the 1940 Canadian Open Golf Championship tournaments which are to be played on the course of the Scarborough Golf and Country Club. The special events department has arranged to cover the story in a number of specially scheduled periods on three days of the play. Thursday, August 15, and Friday, August 16, at 1.00 to 1.30 and 7.00 to 7.15 p.m., EDST; Saturday, August 17, at 1.30 to 200, 6.15 to 6.30 and 6.45 to 7.00 p.m. EDST are the times announced for the commentaries, running reports of the play, and, finally, the description of the Seagram Gold Cup.
T. O. Wickland and Roy Dil-worth will handle the broadcasts, which will be made available through the use of a double short wave set-up. Pick transmitters and Mobile Unit No. 1 will contribute to the technical efficiency of the broadcasts, so that golf enthusiasts hundred of miles from the scene will be able to hear the top-notch Hub wielders in their great moments.
not some-
vessel.
51 Postscript 53 Sloth.
area.
58	She is by birth.
59	She is a
growths.
7


12


K X

18
9
F
17
22
I
A MODEST BEGINNING
Playing stooge tc a star is not always an ignominious role. Nicolas Massue is an example. He is the well-known Montreal tenor who is frequently heard as guest soloist with the “Sevillana” programme, presented over the CBC network Saturdays at 8.30 p.m. He tells this story of his modest beginning in the world of opera : He was sitting patiently awaiting an audition in an agent’s office in Milan. In the sanctum sanctorum a well-known prima donna was singing for the agent When she came to her favourite aria from “Butterfly”, she refused to sing without the aid of a
26 U
%
a
3
31
29
3
33
7
38
36

5
I
0
7
One-Sided Beings
1
Limbs on the right side of the human body are nearly always bigger than those on the left.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—If It’s a Matter of Age

rr
Mi
o
you're not as tall
AS MY UMBRELLA1
YOU -TEN YEARS OLD ¦
- BUT NOW OLD IS YOUR UMBRELLA
/
V15
!
«
P

NO -
%

r
y

/)


<x
Assurance of Hope

2
® «

6. Surely goodness and loving kindness shall follow me all t’15 days of my life. Not goodness
###PAGE###7###
H» Majesty King George Visits Fusilier Recruits
f
ê
!
What Science Is Doing
HAS

WHAT CHEW
the MOST
«
FLAVOUR?

ê». K

COMBATS HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE
A possible antidote for high blood pressure in animals has been found at the University of Illinois School of Medicine.
It is an antiserum, that is, made like an antitoxin, a substance formed in living tissues which neutralizes the poisonous products of germ?.
This discovery is a new approach to the mystery of human high blood pressure. The animals degs with forms of high pressure closely resembling the widespread and highly fatal human malady.

Cl
/



THAT'S EASY
#1

n
j
À P

BIC BEN!



1
m



were
>
*
»
I
I
A
--0 —
SUNSET ON VENUS
Four young scientists have returned from a mountain-top camp with 1,500 photographs of sunsets on the planet Venus.
They said probably not more than a dozen astronomers had observed the phenomenon during the last 200 years. They described the photographs as the fir^t successful series of pictures of the sunsets ever made.
They saw Venus as a thin silver crescent, the horns of which bent toward each other until the planet was visible as a delicate ring of light. Astronomers picture Venus as a gigantic "dust bowl.”

The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
-
m&m I


wm


W4
U
m


Your Breadbox In The Hot Weather

-

| How Can I?
'	BY ANNE ASHLEY
tmmTrn
mr/*
\



I
King George looks on as a recruit does maintenance work on a Bren gun carrier. The King inspected e camp of the Royal Fusiliers, situated near the London area, recently. The men attached to this division ve had only a few weeks training, but are ready for any eventuality.
i
Hot, sticky weather induces rapid growth of mold, mo keep bread and cake boxes spotless. Immediately dispose of any cake or bread that shows the slightest bit of mold, then scald and wash the box with hot, soapy, water, rinse, and dry, and air thoroughly. Ordinarily a thorough cleansing once a week should be sufficient; during summer * months more frequent washing may bo necessary.
t
Q. How can I clear up water which has a milky appearance?
A. Dissolve a piece of rock alum about the size of a lima bean in a pint of boiling water. This much will purify one tub of wat-
South Africa’s
Dog Detectives
• HAVE • YOU HEARD?
HEALTH
TOPICS
er.
Q. How can I clean used paraffin so that it can be re-used?
A. Heat the paraffin to the boiling point and strain through three thicknesses of cheesecloth funnel. Repeat if neces-
Thrilling stories of the exploits of police dogs in the detection of crime are given in the annual report of the South African Commissioner of Police, Colonel I. P. de Villiers, of Cape Town, in his annual report.
In one case a dog called "Echo" tracked down a thief who subsequently admitted that he had wrapped his feet in sacking to es-detcction. In another in-
FINDS SHIP POSITIONS
A combination sound and rad o buoy which will enable ships to determine their location accurately with respect to the buoy, has been developed by the United States Coast and Geodetic-Survey for use in ocean surveys. In operation, a ship explodes a small TNT bomb. The current that explodes it makes a mark on a rapidly moving tape. The sound of the explosion is picked by the distant buoy, which Immediately sends out a signal. This is received by the ship and causes a second mark to be made on the moving tape. From the distance between the two marks the distance of ship to buoy can be calculated.
There were only three people left in the bus; an old lady and two men. Suddenly one of the
men said immediately burst into laughter. When he had ceased chuckling he called out “121,” and the other
roared with laugher.
Take It Easy; Save Your Nerves
over a
fary. If not too dirty, it can sometimes be cleaned with a brush and warm water.
Q. How can I restore cut flowers that are slightly withered?
A. Pour a weak solution of camphor into the water in which
the flowers stand.
Q. How can I clean brushes in which paint has been allowed to
dry?
"25," and the other
Only about 25,000 of the farm orchards in Ontario are sprayed regularly, leaving about 170,000 which are neglected. P. W. Hod-getts of the Fruit Branch, Toronto, declares that these unsprayed orchards are hotbeds of disease.
We want to be energetic and all of the time, and never lazy or tired. We have a
peppy feel
notion that healthy and happy people never become fatigued. The truth is that they do get tired periodically, but know how to rest and recuperate. They experience normal, not chronic fatigue.
man now This went on for some time. No sooner would one call a number than the other would laugh.
The old lady, doubting the mentality of her two companions, turned to them and said, "Excuse me, but I don’t see anything funny in shouting a number.*’
"It’s all right, madam,’* one replied, "we are commercial travellers and we know all our jokes by numbers.*’
cape
stance a dog followed a trail one and a half miles to a hut in the middle of a compound of 38 huts with 135 inhabitants and pointed out the native.
up
A. Soak in turpentine, gasoline, hot vinegar for about an hour. Then wash thoroughly in strong soapsuds.
Q. How can I make a good dish of macaroni and cheese?
A. Take 8 cups of boiling water, % teaspoon of salt, 2 cups of broken macaroni. Add salt to water. Add macaroni. Boil for 20 minutes. Strain and rinse in hot Drain and add to the
brings instant ease
or
Golf Gives Him Exercise
Normal fatigue is good. It is part of normal, healthful living, ft may be recognized by a general tiredness of the body, which is not unpleasant and which may be dispelled by rest and sleep, and by increased nourishment. Everyone who haa known the joy of hard work has known the joy of normal fatigue.
If men and women would only accept normal fatigue as an accompaniment of work or effort, and would get the necessary recuperation through rest, serious forms of fatigue would never develop. Life would then be balanced.
BREAKS IN ACTIVITY
Plan for at least two breaks In activity during the day. During each break, just stop doing everything for five minutes. Don’t talk. Don’t think. Just sit with your head drooping forward toward your knees. Or, better yet, lie on the floor with your feet propped up on a chair.
from
m

t
Identity Game
i
«
*
Hotel Guest (phoning
for third you the
S
Here is an amusing game. Before the time of playing arrives, make a slip of paper for each guest. Write on each slip the name of a famous person, an historical figure, a movie star, or a present-day hero.
Without letting the guest see the name, pin the slip on his back, telling him to discover who he is by asking anyone in the room any question he likes which he thinks will help him to identify himself.
"Am I alive?" “Am I a man?" “Am I a woman?" "Do I live in Europe?" “Am I a singer, actor, politician, soldier?"
mS
i
down at 2 a.m. time):	‘‘Say, are
night clerk?”
Clerk: “Yes; what’s biting


water, sauce.
Q. How can I clean patent leather shoes and handbags?
A. They can be made to look like new by means of a milk bath. Merely dampen a cloth with milk and rub over the shoes or bag; dry with another clean cloth. This treatment is also very good for the leather.
i 4

I

you now?”
Guest: like to know.”
>
LlNiMlHl
I’d
what
"Tha’s
i
Z
us
more
i
The science-master was demonstrating the reaction on lime-water of carbon dioxide. The
of this gas gives to the
presence
clear lime-water a milky appear-
38 to 52 years old. Women who are restless, moody, NERVOUS—who fear hot flashes, dizzy spells—to take Lydia E. Plnkham’e Vegetable Compound. Plnkham's Is famous for helping women during these “trying times” due to functional Irregularities. Get a bottle today from your druggist l WORTH TRYING I

$T0P*ITCH
offrtiêct
Bites—
HI	Beat flash
For quick relief from itching of insect bites, best rash, athlete’s foot, eeiema and other externally earned akin troubles, use world-famous, cooling, m septic, liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Greaeel stainlces. Soothes irritation and quickly stops in 1 taking. 35c trial bottle proves it, or mon »y back your druggist today for D. D. 0. PRESCRIS ION.
ance.
Holding a beaker of the liquid in his hand, he breathed into it and held it up to show the change.
Up went a hand.
“Please, sir,” asked one of the class in an awed voice, “will anybody’s breath do that?”
/
¦ <
Polonium, which costs about $2,000,000 an ounce, is mined in Northern Canada, miles from the North Pole.
F
Ask
only 1,600
/
%
“Why are you suddenly taking French lessons?”
adopted a
French baby and we’re eager te Know what he says when he begins to talk.”
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
/
Modern
Etiquette
a • a
“Well,
we’ve
• <

BELTING BARGAINS
high quality STARTED CHICKS from Government Approved blood-tested breeders Standard Quality two weeks old, New Hanfpshies, Barred Rocks $10.45. 90 per cent. Pullets $13.85, cockerels $8.95 horn pullets $16.90. three week old add three cents. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Free range pallets all ages. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ont.


'
ACi:.\TS WANTED
*&
BELTING FOR THHEHHERMEN. Endless rubber thresher belts, suction hose, feeder canvas, pulleys, hangers, shafting, motors at very low prices. Send for price list. The York Belting Co., 88 York Street, Toronto.	______

"¦
AGENTS WANTED TO SOLICIT orders for fish. Write the manager. 6181 St. Lawrence Blvd., Montreal. Quebec.
BY ROBERTA LEE


Little Renfrew was generally in trouble. Finding that words had but little effect upon him child, his father resorted to sterner measures.
A neighbor, watching him chas-iee the boy, noticed with admiration that Renfrew gave no out. ward indication of pain.
“Don’t you ever cry when you’re beaten, Renfrew?” he ask___i
“What’s the use?” retorted the small boy. “The old man’s deaf!”
Jones: Very polished woman, Mrs. Brown, don’t you think?”
Smith: “Yes, very polished indeed. Everything she •aye casts a reflection on someone.”

. L*8-
1.	Should one make any kind of explanation when refusing a drink?
2.	How should one introduce a girl stenographer, who is a employee, to an executive of the company?
8. When a man takes a girl to a public dining place, is it a!l right for him to suggest something on the menu, that he knows le good?
4. isn’t it poor form for salespeople to address customers ws “honey,” “dear,” “girlie,” “doctor,” “captai n,” “brother,”
“boss,” etc.?
6. When a formal dinner begins at eight, at what time should a guest depart?
6. Should a man comb his hair in public?

BAKERY EQUIPMENT
John Carroll picks the gsmç of. golf as a hobby because it gives him the needed exercise. Here we find him spending a day on the golf links.
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACH IN-ery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst 8t„ Toronto.	___________________
PHOTO FINISHING
FREE! You Can Now Own
ELECTRIC MOTORS
new
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprint» 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the beet In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto.	_______________
MOTORS
... ELECTRIC
aide West, Toronto.	____
DOGS FOR SALE
CENTURY
camera owners
Bamboo Useful Tropical Tree
CAMERA OWNERS DEVELOP AND print your own pictures. Complete 16-plece outfit. $2.50 postpaid. Simple Instructions. C O D. 23c extra. Pfke* on request. Empress
Agencies. Box 585. Montreal._______
CROSS BETWEEN
setter.
ed.
HUNTERS
oculated for distemper by Duncan-Laldlaw method. Six to nine mths. old. Males $9.00. Females $6.00. Tobacco Road Farm. R.R. No. 1, Harrow. Ontario. ______________
Makes House building Simple —People of the East Eat It,
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
BUTCHER AND GROCERY BUSI-
stock at Invoice:
Too
ness for sale: fixtures at half price. J. Lanter. Market Square. Tillsonburg. Ont.
ELECTROLYSIS
The bamboo tree la one of the meet useful trees in the tropics. It grows as much as sixteen inches in twenty-four hours, and attains a height of more than one hundred
feet.
PUPS FOR SALE
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. MOLES AND warts permanently and painlessly removed by electrolysis. 17 year» experience. Anne (ïniham Logan, 140 Carlton Street. Suite Two. Toronto. Branches in Hamilton London. Sudbury, Timmins, St. Catharines.	____
STARTED CHICKS
LONGEARED, CROSSBRED. BLOOD Fox Beagle puppies. 7 weeks, finest breeding. Mules $6.00, Female» $4.00 (Snaps). Harold Lindsay, Nantlcoko, Ontario. ______
SHARE OF THESE
OET YOUR _____
started chick bargains before they all go. Two week old Grade ' A
two weeks old. New Hampshire», ,	,	White Rocks $10.45. 90 per cent,
round the studios one day when	Pullets $14 45. Cockerels $8.95.
he saw a face he didn’t know.	SSi?touTlEflt
add one cent. Four week old Barred Rock cockerels $13.95.	* rce
4 weeks to 24
A film producer was going
SALE OF PACIFIC SEAL COATS
Answers
1. “No, thank yon” is sufficient. It is not at all necessary to explain or apologize. 2.
Moore, this is Mr. Carter, our President.” 3. Yes. 4. Yes, and it often means loss of business. A well-bred person resent* such familiarity from a stranger. 5. Eleven, or a little before, unless dancing or some other form of entertainment followj. & No; this 1» considered effeminate.*'1
The tree is hollow, but at each of the many joints the cavity is closed. Saw off one complete section of the thick stem and you have a perfect pail, or cooking vessel. Smaller sections form ready-made bottles.
SPECIAL VALUE IN PACIFIC SEAL coat*; full swagger style; black only; coat and lining guaranteed two yea re; sizes 12 to 42; 110 conte only; while they last only $39.50. 10 per cent, reduction for relative* of ex-service and service men: will send for examination on receipt of $5.00. Many other bargains. Munro Fur Store. Vancouver, B.C.________
FIRST C LASS WOOL RABBITS
ANGORAS,
first class wool producers.
$5.00. Bucks $3.00 each. R. Faber. R.R, 1. Hensall, Ont.
WEN AND WOMEN W ANTED ~
A FEW SCHOOL TEACHERS MALE
which are actual household neees-
PRODUCTS CO., 570 St. Clement. Montreal.___________--
“Are you 6n our staff?” he asked.
“Yes, sir. Your brother engaged me.”
“Is that so? What do you do?”
"I'm a writer.”
"A writer, did you say?” he asked suspiciously.
"Yes, sir.”
"All right—spell something!”
FINEST QUALITY,
Does
“Miss
range Pullets, weeks. Free catalogue. Prompt delivery. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
makes house-building
3AVE MONEY ON THESE HIGH quality started chicks from blood-tested breeders. Ten day old Barred Rocks. New Hamps $8.45. 90 per cent Pullets $10.95, Cockerels $7 95. Leghorn pullets $13.90, two Week old add one cent, three week old add four cents. I^arge Egg Quality add one cent. Four to five Week old Barred Rock cockerels
Ram boo
simple. The stems are used as scaffolding, walls and roofs can be all made from it, and split sections form the floors. Masts for ships and
WATCH REPAIRS
$1.26 REPAIRS YOUR WATCH, NO matter how badly broken. One year guarantee. Watch Repair Co 84 Lippincott St.. Toronto._________
its,
grains of bam,boo seed are regard Sy t%e Chinese as a food delicacy, while the Hindus mix them with honey to form a succulent dish.
In China the bamboo la cultivât*
much care as other
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
1 i
h
14.25. Older free range pullets, op Notch Chickerles, Guelph. Ont.
Barn Roofing—Granary Lining
SUPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST lebfl. cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia. Ontario.
t
(Aamteef&i
Reef cattle exports to the United States for the first half of 3940 amounted to only five-eighths of the number shipped to the end of June last year. However
held level and calves were down $njy one-seventh.

New
Used
FOULTRYKEEPER3 - NO EXCUSE for not having paying stock this fall and winter. Bray started chicks, pullets, up to 5 weeks. Immediate shipment. Also some Turkeys and capons. Day old chicks to order. Write for daily special list. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton, Ontario.
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT M tiro W KR-UNITS. Hydraulic
Geaerat
Slow Burning
TORS H o I a I a , Starter*, Radiator,
Glass —
CIGARETTE PAPERS
WI aches,
ed with as crops. Introduced in Europe in 17.10, the bamboo is hardy everywhere in sheltered positions in rich loam.
NONt UNiR NADI
Servi
shipments of dairy cattle
Satisfaction or return#.
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
ISSUE 33—’40
Levy Aetu Parta, lk»t J„ Toronto.
###PAGE###8###
<
<
{ <

> 5
From Veil to Short»
Go Turkish Girls
Child's Ability to Read
Is Educational Problem
Cemetery Memorials
Warm Weather Features
Fifty years have taken Turkish The reading ability of children to women far> alj the way from the
day is generally better than it was veil to shorts„ Recently the Ameri-25 years ago, according to Prof. can Girls College of Istanbul cele-Paul Witty of Northwestern umver- Crated its half century anniversary sity, Evanston, 111., an expert in the turning out Americanized versions field of reading problems.	of Turkish young women. Although
Tests have demonstrated, how- there were only two Turkish girls in ever, he pointed out, that even to- f^st graduating class, the num-day from 15 to 25 per cent of the ^ers ^ave increased since the ad-high school students are greatly vent 0f the Turkish republic and the retarded. ' He held out the hope that much improvement can result from proper guidance and understanding of the students’ problems.
The feeling among many parents
<
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
v
Sport Shirts—White, blue, fawn
$1.00
Get Oup Prices Before Buying1 Elsewhere
••••••
'V-7b

recognition of women’s rights until 90 per cent of the college is Turkish.
The leading Turkish families are eager for their daughters to have _ . ....	,	~ . a	i American educations. But even
ers and parents alike on the p lessen the Americanization process, lem.
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Summer Ties, Braces, Shirts and Shorts 50: each

A
Phone,278
f
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
)
Anklets—White and
Fancy Stripes," 25 to 59 cts
¦
Government Food Grading
As early as 1917 the department
A second, he declared, is the ne- I Even though “Gone With , the ^ agriculture issued standards for cessity in modern life of a “great Wind is the Turkish students fa- p0^a|0 grades. These were the first diversity of reading skills and in- vorite reading matter and pictures grade standards by the department terests” because of the increasing °f Clark Gable and Tyrone Power for any fruit or vegetable. Since, variety of materials. A third, he decorate her room, she does not however, grades have been estab-said, is the emphasis of nonoral entertain men at college proms. The lished for many important commer-reading, often at the expense of ministry of education prohibits boys cial fruits, vegetables and nuts, oral reading.	and 6irls dancing together within ^here are now approximately 60
Still another factor in reading the college walls.	grade standards for fresh crops,
levels today is the increased per- Although the Turkish collegian an(j nearly 40 for canned, quick-centage of children of school age speaks good English and studies frozen, and dried fruits and vege-who attend classes, he said. For- with many of the same books as her tables. These grade standards serve merly schools were limited more to American counterpart, she doesn’t as the basis for official inspection children of superior ability.	wear makeup, doesn’t like to eat at shipping points and in the re-
Among the causes of slow prog- between meals, has never heard of ceiving markets. They provide a ress in reading, Professor Witty a “coke” or “jitterbug” and prefers 'nationally understood “yardstick” noted poor physical condition, limit- tango to swing. She’d rather go to I for measuring quality and condi-ed mental ability and faulty eye the movies than to a dance and only tion in marketing, and in the settle-movements.	I drinks alcoholic beverages at a.ball jment of disputes under the Perish-
“It has been found, however,” he lor a wedding.	able Agricultural Commodities act.
said, “that no single factor is a de- I Boys aren’t allowed to call at the From 40 to 45 per cent of the total pendable indicator of the needs of college, so the dean isn’t bothered annual rail movement of fresh fruits poor readers. Many items at one with the ever-present American and vegetables is inspected on the time believed to be causes are now problem of petting in parked cars basis of the standards, regarded as symptoms. Hence the because the average Turkish youth majority of boys and girls who have I doesn’t own one, there being but difficulty in reading do not need the j 5 Q00 jn an Turkey, treatment of experts;, nor do they require the service provided by elaborate machines, apparatus, or ‘drills.’ Their difficulties may be traced m most cases to improper habits and attitudes occasioned by lack of interest and to a dearth of appropriate reading materials.”
Clarendon W.I. Hold Picnic at Sand Bay
Clarendon Women's institute held a basket picnic at Sand Hay on Wednesday afternoon of last week.
The afternoon was spent in swimming and field sports Par* ents and children of Nos. 4 and ;> school distric ts were present and the Institute awarded prizes to pupils with the highest standing 111 each school. The prizes were won by Stanley Horner, of School 4 and Madelon Hayes, of School No. 5
Following the programme refreshments were served and a pleasant afternoon concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.
$1.95
Outing Trousers—Preshrunk, light colors,
Bathing Trunks—Koyal, maroon and black Sizes 30 to 40, high quality........
k
$1.50

1

Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
r’

No



i
inald Scobie gave entertaining monologues and the crowd joined The August meeting of the Elm* enthsiastically in community sing-side Women’s Institute was held ing. at the home of the president. Mrs.
VV. J. Murray, who presided, on	Margaret Honston
August 14th.	--
âsRuï EF""-
¦Heei
be exhibited at Shawville Fair.
Meeting closed by singing the National Anthem. A delicious tea was sei ved by the hostess assisted by Mrs. Melvin Stewart and Mrs. Harold Fulford.
Elmside Women’s Institute
MARRIED
Baker-Wilson
The marriage of Miss Anne Jean Wilson daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Wilson, of Campbell’s Bay, to Samuel Joseph Baker, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Baker, of Dome Mines took place on Wednesday evening in St. Paul’s Anglican Cliurcn, South Porcupine. Archdeacon Woodall officiated
The bride, who was given in marriage by Willi % rd Brown, was wearing a white sharkskin suit, with white turban and accessories. A corsage bouquet of American Beauty roses completed her costume.
Mrs Wm. Cher ret t, of Timmins, attended the bride, wearing a
K
ï
Soap Effect on Germs
Despite the possibility that a per-suffering from a disease may have used a cake of soap, there is danger of infection for subse-
Germs cannot multi-

Although new vistas have been widely opened to women in the last two decades of Turkish history, the average student prefers marriage to a career. None looks forward to a movie or stage career because that still “isn’t the thing to do though she gets her fashion ideas from the American movies, she isn't as susceptible to fads as American girls and her sweaters and skirts have more individuality than those found on American campuses.
She chooses her own clothes but doesn’t have an allowance. She likes sophisticated clothes -rather than casual sports things; wears her hair in a long glamour-girl bob, favors snoods and costume jewelry.
son

Rev
Ê
? t
no
quent users, ply on soap

Al-
No Trespassing1
U. S. Living Conditions
‘Type’ American Face
Americans are gradually acquiring a new face and features that will probably be the permanent “American face” of the future, according to Grant Wood, well-known artist.
Wood, who is resident-consultant in art at the University of Iowa, has aroused controversy through the United States for such paintings as “Daughters of Revolution,” “American Gothic” and “Parson Weems’ Fable.”
Any person or persons found hunting, fishing, trapping or trespassing in any manner on the following Lots of land situated on Grand Calumet Island in heavenly blue crepe gown with
accessories to match. Her corsage
part 4 and 5 w«p of pile pink roses. Mr. Win.
»»»•'“ ‘Mi'RttKS1 w, o„ »
honey moon trip to Ottawa and points east. On their return they will reside in South Porcupine.
.
i
the County of Pontiac Nos. 20, Range 5 ; [
Range 7
Range 9, and 25 and 20 North Ringe.
parties found doing so will be dealth with as the law directs.
By order.
JAS. A. CARSWELL & SON,
Owners
Novel Logging Machine
A machine that howls when it delects a spike or other metal object buried in logs has been invented as result of the now-famous New England hurricane of 1938. The device was developed by the forest service radio laboratory at Port- they don’t look much like they did land, Ore. The pieces of metal in the old tintype days, damaged saws, slowed work and en- “The climate in this country, and dangered workers. The machine the change of thought have changed has earphones and an exploring the look of rigidity in American coil on a six-foot wire. The opera- faces. And I don’t know if this is tor examines each log with the coil good or not.
before he starts the saw.	“People today look soft compared
to the tintype albums. We seem to have wishy-washy complexions.”
Wood said that to find models for his “American Gothic,” which shows a stern farmer and his wife, with hardly more expression than the pitchfork the farmer holds in his hands," he was obliged to use tintype albums for research before doing the painting that was intended to analyze our “Puritan ancestry.”
As to the stiff, uppish faces of the women of his controversial-explosive painting “Daughters of Revolution,” he insists that it was not he who put the word “American” into the title. Others did that.
Antarctica Will Become
Tropical, Predicts Byrd
•Millions cf years ago Antarctica had a tropical climate, according to Ad ml. Richard E. Byrd, the famous explorer.
The climate, moreover, is changing, he says, and that region again will become habitable.
But don’t make any rush for Little America as yet. It will take some millions of years, Byrd declares, till it’s warm enough for you.
Byrd brought back from his recent expedition geological and bo-anical fossils of wood and leaves to prove the antarctic once was tropical. He said fossil animals might be found if the polar ice cap could be excavated. However, he said it was not possible to prove human existence there.
The far southern continent is pass-ng through a glacial age and the ce is slowly diminishing, Byrd declared. Shepherds in Chilean Patagonia had told him, too, that the ice and snow was less now than a generation ago, he added. «
As the ice diminishes in Antarctica. Byrd said, the temperature will gradually rise through the centuries ur.d possibly the currents which give sub-tropical Chile and Peru their temperate climate will become warmer.
Sloan—Grace
Assumption Church, Eastview, was the setting for the m image on Augusts, of Marcelin, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs Dominic Sloan, of Vinton, Que., to Leonard Grace, son of Mrs. Martin Grace A qualified Protestant Teacher, hold- and the late Mr. Grace, of Vinton, ing Elementary Diploma for School Que. Rev. Father Brennan offici-
distiict, No. 2, Township of Thorne, i^ted,	......
Salary $50. per month. Applicants1 Mr. O. G roil lx presided nt the
v- -«I”””-	» j sætiriEC.'shsî. i
J. Grace, of Ottawa.
The bride was attended by her sister, Miss Anna Sloan, and Mr. Claude Grace, brother of the bride-^ groom, was best man.
A street length frock of navy blue sheer with navy and white accessories was worn by the bride. Strayed from the premises of Mrs. Her corsage bouquet was of roses Andrew Woolsey, North Onslow, about and lily of-the valley, two weeks ago, a five year-old red and Mi<s Anna Sloan chose a frock white heifer, without horns, possibly of heaven blue sheer. Her accès-with calf. Information regarding her series were white, and she wore a
whereabouts will be thankfully received shoulder bouquet of roses and
baby s breath.
Following the ceremony a reception was held for the immediate relatives of the young couple. L iter Mr. and Mrs. Grace left on a shor t motor trip. They will reside in Gatineau, Que.
\


a
Americans
“Facially, at least have softened up,” he said, “until
Teachers Wanted

Lloyd Barrett Emmerson Dies at His Home, Bristol Ridge
:
!
Following a brief illness the death occurred at his home, Bistol Ridge, on Tuesday, August 20th, of Lloyd Barnett Emmerson, aged
44 years.	,	... ,
The deceased was a life long resident of Bristol Ilidge section, and was the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Robert Emmerson. Nineteen years ago be married Miss Ethel Smith, of Weirstead, who
with three children,
<
1
<
THEO. BRETZLAFF
Secretary-Treasurer
Ladysmith. Que.
(
I
Knotty Problems
John Hensel and Roaul Graumont Df Bridgeport, Conn., are experts when it comes to “knotty problems.*
tied thousands of knots, some of them so intricate they have required days of study and patience to complete. Hensel claims to have duplicated the baffling Gordian knot which was so cleverly made that both ends of the rope were concealed and defied undoing. Both Hensel and Graumont traveled the world to pursue their hobby of rope making and-knot tying. In all they have a collection of 3,200, no two of which
are alike there are only 310 orthodox knots, the simplest of which were used almost from the beginning of time.
STRAYED
survives -------
Munson, Gordon and infant daughter, Hazel ; also three sisters, Mrs. Cliff Beattie, of Onslow Corners ; Mrs. Harry Way, of Sandy Creek, and Mrs. Clifford Cone, Shawville.
The funeral will take place on Thursday afternoon with Rev. A. Downing and Mr. R. Hilton officiating. Interment will be made in Maple Grove Cemetery, Shawville.
Between them they have

¦
I
by

IRVIN ARMITAGE,
North Onslow, Que
1
Phone, 12- 24 Shawville
?
Instal Positive Fencing
Mr. John Havlin
Following a leugthly illness the death of Mr. Jonn Havlin occurred on Tuesday morning, Aug. 13th, at his home in Thorne Township
in his 75th year.
Mr. Havlin was born in Clarendon and lived most of ins life in that township. About 45 years ago he married Mary Ann Greer who survives him, with two daughters,
Mrs. Thomas Emmerson of Clarendon; and Mrs. Charles Smith, of Thorne ; three sons, Andrew, of Thorne, and Robert and William, of Clarendon ; also two sisters, Mrs Baird, who is a resident of l ruled States, and Mrs. Robeit Hudgins, of Thorne.
The funeral, which was attend ed by many relatives and friends, was held from St. Matthew's Church, Chatteris on Thursday afternoon, August 15th, and was
conducted by the Rev. h.	C.	I	‘Bicycle	Built	for Three*
Bolton. .	...	T	I	a	“bicycle	built	for three” car-	sion, and	he didn’t catch	us, but
The pall-bearers were:— W.	;L	Mr and	Mrs.	Carl Hopkins of	wt. never	tried shooting it	again.'
Andrew Tipping.	j . >and# r£s Hopkins is sightless but
she has pedalled her way through Pacific Northwest scenic areas with her husband on many trips on their tandem bicycle. The third party
The W. A. of St. George's Church Mitzi, the dog—either rides in a Thorne Centre, held a successful wicker basket trailer or gmdes hiî
Ladysmith on Saturday mistress through crowded thorough Between 150 and 200 farcs or along unfamiliar coun-
We think it’s just about
to travel
According to Hensel
General Pike’s Blunderbuss
Ward Beam, a Philadelphia curio collector, is the owner of a heavy brass blunderbuss once the property of Brig. Gen. Zebulon Montgom-Pike, discoverer of Pike’s peak
in Colorado made in England and has a bellshaped barrel. It weighs about 16 pounds. On its butt is scratched the name “W. M. Pike,” ceivcd the gun from Zebulon Pike shortly before his death in 1913. “When I was a boy, I fired the weapon several times,” Beam said. “But one day I got enough noise to
last me a long time. ------
into the house for a moment, some boys filled it almost to the muzzle with powder, then rammed in a lot of wadding. They dared me to fire it. I remember seeing a policeman running up the street. He never found out what caused the explo-
Cards of Thanks
<
Why not install an electric fence ? It is the most positive and economical fence yet devised. For further particulars apply to
<
We desire to express our sincere thanks to friends and neighbours for their kindness and sympathy during the illness and death our of dear sister, Miss Maria Ann Hodgins.
HOWARD BROWN, R R. No. 2, Shawville, Quo
ery
Protect Civil War Trenches
To serve the twofold purpose of oeautification and prevention of erosion which threaten to damage Civil war trenches, thousands of blossoming periwinkle were planted in the Fredericksburg-Spotsylvania National Military park.
Since the matting of underbrush, which for more than 80 years held the earth in place and made a wilderness of the historic battlefields, has been removed, national park service officials have been combating the menace of erosion.
Branch Spalding, co-ordinating superintendent of the Virginia battlefields, said the periwinkle was a ‘ittle evergreen that produces tiny-white blossoms in late April. Mr. Spalding said that through the cooperation of park neighbors, hundreds of roots were gathered for olanting
Prehistoric Toothache
Muscular, primitive man slinking through the forests in search of game, and chewing bones when he captured it, had the toothache. The notion that our distant ancestors, merely because they exercised their molars by eating uncooked meat never suffered dental pain, is erroneous, according to Dr. Wilton M. Krogman of Western Reserve uniTooth decay dates back 50,000 years—to the Rhodesian found in South Africa
The blunderbuss was
Brothers
Phone, 9 -25
Isi
jufeL
3WS
_ A*
V


While I went
ersitv
some man
t)r. Krogman, pointing to defective teeth in an apelike skull.
said
>4


m sum o .go
m
FOR

TROUBLE-FREE
mi Mins
»!

a
I
Steele Line Defeat N. Onslow
Steele Line defeated North Uns low in a softball game played Thursday evening of last week The score was 20—19 The line-ups :
North Onslow — B Stanton p ; \V. Gibbon*, c ; L Stanton, lb; M. Tomlinson. 2b ; H. Cooney, 3b; T Gibbons, i t C Tee vins. If ; B. Allen
Steele Line— 11 O'Hara, p St eel
glum, 2b ; J. O'Hara 3b; R. Steele
C, Brennan, If
1
ft
Many Attend Church Sapper at Ladysmith
SEE

Masterpiece Burned
The manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle’s monumental work—“The French Revolution”—was burned by a maid in the household of Stuart Mill, who was reading it. Carlyle had spent five monb.s writing the volume and it • some time before he could mus* ra^c to rewrite it after the

i

John L. Hodgins
j

â
i
\
y\?
\
Quebec

supper in
evening. I	.
guests attended, including visitors jry roads
from Otter Lake and Ottawa.	the best way
Guest* of the Silver Maple Inn Hopkins.	,
helped in the evening s entertain- Qnd çari does the steering. It makes
rtfATi « y-tiîra s# “w.°n/4:1 ,K ...................................
ffiÏÏiK.'ST w	"*	i i%.- w. awi. .„d k
Ci id Sell waltz and Reg-1	Hobbs.
Shawville

w
dm
A. Media ne, cf
£ »
said Mrs. the rear seat

T-12
1
I i
on
(i. Steele, lb: R. Wig
GUTTAPERCHA TIRES
ter
nt
CO
