###PAGE###1###

No 19., 58th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24. 1940
$1.50 per annum In Advancj 2.CO to the l: lid ttalcs
I
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
The Ladies' Association of Wesley United Church, Charteris, will hold a Bean Supper on Tuesday,
Oct 29, at the Orange Ball, Char-tens. Supuer from 6 to 8 o'clock, followed by a short programme.
Admission 25 and 15 cents.
The semi-annual meeting of Women’s Institutes of Pontiac County will be held in the United Church, Stark's Corners, on Wednesday, October 23rd, commencing
tionjronwtcii tsi xst& „ gj- ssss
Auction 8AI,B-An Auction sale Stark's Corners on Wednesday of the household effects belonging evening, Oct lbtb, when Jessie to the Estate of the late Mrs. M. A. Pearl, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. McKinley, will be held at the late Wm. Roberts, of Bristol Ridge, home on Saturday, Oct. 20th, at 9',e- became the bride of Kenneth 10.00 a. in , by Auctioneer, W. G. Edmund, son of Mrs. John Sinclair Chisnell.	end the late Mr. Sinclair of Yarn),
.	Que. liev A. Downing officiated,
Chicken Supper — A chicken The witnesses were, Miss Sarah supper will be held at Murrell’s |Tubman and Mr. Wilson Mcleary Community Hall on Thursday evening, October 24th, under the auspices of the United Ladies’ Aid.
Dance— A mixed dance will be	Smith, of Campbell s Bay,
held in the Orange Hall, Charterie,	to Mr- * ^ncis George
Friday evening, ’October 25th. Smith, youngest son of Mr. Nelson
Good music. Admission, 30 cents. Smith and the late Mrs. Smith, of
Dannville, Que , took place quietly
Dance — Halloween dance at in Montreal on Thursday, October Otter Lake on Wednesday even- 10th with the Rev. Ritchie Bell, of ing, October 80 th. Music by Jack Mac Vicar Memorial Church, oflic* Fennessey and his orchestra, of Mating	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Renfrew. Prizes for best Lady's The bride wore a frock of aerial costume, best Gent’s costume and blue jacquard crepe with an off-consolation prize. Last dance of the face hat to match, accessories the season. Admission, 35 cents | of harvest wine suede, and a corsage of Better Time roses.
, . Mir. Jack Cleveland, of Danville, Guild of Radford Holy Trinity Quebec, who was her only attendit! roll, will hold their annual dant. wore a gown of brown mir« chicken supper on Friday evening, acle crepe with ma telling hat and October 25th, in the Parish Hall, accessories, and a corsage bouquet Good program. Admission, 35 and |0f Talcum!!¦((¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ 20 cents
BORN
Wall—At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shnwville, Que., on Fri day, Oct. 18th, to Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Wall, (nee Edith Schweer) a son, Fredeiick Thomas.
Shawville Hardware
Mrs R E. McRae returned this week from a visit to her son, Mr.
Donald McRae, Montreal.
Miss Jean Workman, of Ft Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
William, Ont is visiting her rel	m,,	n . .
atives and friends in town and |	Uliawa, UntariO
vicinity.
Mr. Morley Rowat, of Montreal, spent a few days of the past week with his brother, Mr. H. C. Rowat. in town.
Mr. John Wall of the C. A. S. F. at Pettawawa, and family of Weldon, Sask., spent the week end with his aunt and friends in town.
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
MARRIED
Sinclair—Roberts
*
W. E, COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Gunner W. L. Royea, 75th Field ,	_ _
BatteryR.C.A. C.A.F.F. St.John? JAMES A. MILLAR
spent the week-end at the home	B a l l l
&&”“*• Mr"' G°'d0n	| ADVOCATE. BARRISTER,
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
morning
At Pontiac House, Shawrille, Wednesday at Noon
/
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Class
Locks
etc.
Mr. E. T. Hod gin.a, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. McDowell and son anddaugh ter Ina and Everett were the week end guests of Mr. WilliardT. Hod gins, at Montreal.
Mr. Leslie Dean spent the week, end in Montreal. On home he was accompanied by his wife and two d&ughter%who have been visiting in Montreal for the past two weeks.
Smith-Smith
every Wednesday
every
his return
on
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Rev. A. A. and Mrs. Smith have taken residence in Mrs. Lindsay
Armstrong's home, Main Street, Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Mr. Smith having retired from the
ministry of the Standard Church.
His last appointment was at
Athens, Ont.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Main Street, Shawville, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Chicken Supper — The Ladies
Mrs. John Cunningham, has returned to her home in Stark's Corners, after visiting her son, Mr. James Baker, at South Porcupine, who was seriously injured in a mining accident some weeks ago. She was accompanied home by her sons, Jason and Bert
Mr Alton Stark left last week for Osbawa, Ont., where he will visit his brother, Mr. Harold Stark, for a few weeks prior to joining a. unit of the Canadian Army. Mr. Stark was a faithful employee of this office for over nine years and we have evei thing good to say about his services to Thf Equity. During his residence in Shawville, Alton, was active in the affairs of the Anglican Young People's Ass n j and was superintendent of St. Paul's Sunday School, and played on the Senior Baseball team. We, with a host of other friends, wish him the best of luck.
Advocate arrlster, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’eBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
FALL
roses.
Immediately following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs Smith left on a motor trip through the Eastern States and on their return will reside in Danville.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Dance—Under the auspices of Shawville Rebekah Lodge will be held on Thursday evening, Oct. 31. Mixed dancing. Music by Happy Homesteader#, of Ottawa. Proceeds in aid of an ambulance fund. Refreshments served. Admission, 50 cents. Come and help a worthy cause.	.
a.A., L.L.B,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
HOUSE CLEANING
Manary—Webb
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with byfcorrespondence
Laura Margaret Sarah, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Win. E Webb, of Bristol, became the biide of Her dun Manaiy, son of Mr. and Mrs.
John Manary, of XVyman, in a wedding ceremony solemnized The October meeting of the I on Thursday .afternoon in St Shawville United W. M. S will he Thomas’ Anglican Church at Bris held in the Sunday School Room to!. Rev. T. Ligget, of Portage du on Thursday at 8 00 p. m. Thank Fort, officiated offering service will he in charge Given in mariiage by her father, of Mrs. Edgar Hudgins' group. |the bride wore a dies? of wine
transparent velvet with accessories to match and she carried a Clarendon Women s Institute I bouquet of Talisman roses. Her
--- .	sister. Miss Marjorie Webb was the
The monthly meeting of Cl aren* I bridesmaid, she wore a dress of don Women's Institute was held wine crepe with matching acc-,.	,	.	. ..	.
Wednesday evening at the home essories. The best man was Clin do the very best they can to see of Mrs. Kenneth Hudgins, with ton Sparling, of Charteris, Mrs. that the boys have a good time Mrs. Harry Hudgins in charge T Ligget presided at tneorgan fur t11 Christmas. They want to send During the business session a the wedding march.	hampers, but do not know how to
letter was read from Miss ÎRett’e, I A supper was served to friends about it. How should they Supt. of Quebec Women's Insti- and relatives following the cere be addressed .What is the limit lutes, asking increased co opera mony at the hume of the brides ot wtfl?ht t what are the trans-tion of all members in Bed Cross parents. On Friday evening, a portât ioni costs . work.	largely attended reception was	NATIONAL
It was decided to have a quilt held at Pine Lodge, Bristol. The HOME MONT,,IA has made the ready as a donation at next meet couple will reside at Bristol	necessary arrangements tor packing. Other correspondence was	ing hampers and forwarding them,
read and discussed.	-----*------ postpaid, overseas. We invite
Dealing with the topic “Legisla-	w	„	any of our readers who may be
tion" Mrs. Clarence Hayes read Shawville Womens Institute interested to write for further deseveral extracts, and the members	sTT” ,	.	.. tails to: Soldiers Hampers I)e-
respunded to the roll call sugest- Shawville Womens Institute partaient, national home month-
ing changes in Quebec Law.	»itit Ahe	of Mr9.* W ^ lLY Winnipeg, Man.
After adjournament refresh- Horsfield on Monday evening, with ments were served by the hostess l|*e president, Miss Irene Shaw, in
and a social time spent.	charge.
1 The institute Creed was repeated and the minutes of previous
meeting were read by Mrs. C, H. I On Saturday evenidg an enjoy-Macuean in the absence of the able rally of C. G. I. T. girls was secretary, Mrs. A If Draper.	held in the Sunday School room
The following donations have I An interesting letter from an of the United Church. At this been received at the Pontiac Com- Institute in Oxford, E ngland was gathering the "Whatsoever'
munity Hospital, in response to an h ead and on motion the Secretary group of Campbell s Bay led by appeal for vegetables, fruit, jams, was instructed to reply.	| MrS. T. P. Shaver, and the
jellies, etc.	The meeting decided to make a j Akita group of Dunraven, led
The Hospital Committee takes donation of #10.00 to the Cemetery I by Miss Eunice Wlielen, were the this opportunity to thank all Fund.	^ , guests of the four Shawville
those who have contributed	Mrs. N. A. Drummond Mrs. I) J. groups, Pioneer "Torch Bearers
Mr J Rennick, 1 bag each potatoes, Campbell were appointed dele- "Jolly Gems ’ and "Pack O Pals' carrots and beets	gates to the semi annual County led by Mrs. A. Draper and her as-
Mrs. Dumas, 1 basket each crabX^ention.tStarks Corners
-fr -	¦ >- w. u- vrraÆ!ffss m„. g. o. J x? :?.s
reunn..	,	McDowell were appointed to ar- there was an enjoyable sing song
Mrs neexetr, ^ jar. rui n.	range a sale of poppies.	Addresses were given by Mrs
Mrs. r >kes, 4 jars relish.	It WAS moved by Mrs C. H. Mac Shaver and Mrs. Draper
Mr. Bert Swartz, 8 cabbage.	Lean and seconded by Mrs. J. Rev. A. F. Fukes led the girls in
Mr. R. W. Hodgins, 1 box of apples. Gordon that Conveners of Com games and then the meeting clos-Mr. E. C. Dahms, 1 basket each car- mittees look after the soldiers ed with "Taps”. About 90 girls, rots and crab apples, 3 cabbage and 1 Christmas Boxes and that each in all, were present; 20 from Camp citron.	soldier be remembered,	bell's Bay ; 10 from Dunraven and
Mr Alex. Hodgins, 1 basket carrots, Principal C. 9. Douglas address-1 GO of Shawville.
10 cabbage.	ed the meeting and Mrs. W. E.
Mr. Trueman Lynch, 1 box each car- Shaw conducted a "quiz.” Prize rots and beets.	winneis were Mrs. Johnson and
L. Percy D,gg 1 jar fruit.	Drummond, Mrs. D. J. Oampbell	; 2, ^ ^ #
Mr. Jas. Caldwell, 1 bag carrots and |	2 pair wristlets, 1 pair mittens. 2 hel-
mets, 9 quilts, 1 child's coat and bonnet,
3 pairs baby shoes, l baby blanket.
From Red Cross yarn : — 56 pairs socks, 8 sweaters, 8 pair mittens, 2 scarfs
The above work has been sent to Ottawa, Shawville and Campbell’s Bay branches.
Money donations of #19 94
Shawville United W M. S
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT ... BARRISTER 189 MAIN STREET
For a limited time only we are showing some
very good specials in Curtain Nets and Scrims, frilled curtains, etc. Get your requirements early as this class of
merchandise may be scarce later on.
PHONE, 2-2219
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’a Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Christmas Cheer for Canadian Soldiers
Relatives and friends of our soldiers and sailors overseas want
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
45 inches wide. White Masquisette, with colored dots. Mauve, Yellow, Green, Blue, Rose. Per yard 29c
Phone 8 I.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
36 inches wide.
Silk Net, nice patterns. Ecru.
Per yard
35c and 45c
•••••••• ••••••
OF}. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.1
o
O. G. I T. Rally At United Church
Extra Wide, Heavy Silk Net, Ecru, per yard 60C
Cel.enese Net
Donations to Pontiao Community Hospital
75c
84
48
4 4
44
4 4
B L LAI R 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
ILDING
New, Criss Cross Frilled Curtains, Colour White or Cream. Per pair
MEDIC
SI.50
1,0 METCALFE STREET
ONT.
OTTAWA.
RHO E, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Embroidered, Cottage Sets,
Colour, White with Green or White with Blue
Per pair
SI.75
i
(SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
Specialistson «II Visual and Muscular tye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Litchfield Red Cross Unit
Stair Pads, Curtain Rods, Bed Castors,
Window Shades
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
4 cftbba
age.
Melvin Armstrong 2 bips 1 bag turnips, 1 bag beets.
Congregations of Bristol, Knox and Austin United Churches sent the following donations
Vanned and preserved fruit, 7 jars	-	0 -.	~
Canned vegetables, 3 jars ; pickles and ^ctory, Starks Corner*-, on Thursday,
relish. 4 jar» ; 5 baskets crab apples ; Octobei 31»t, at 7.30 p. m. Parties 13 pumpkins ; 6 citrons ; 8 cabbage ; wishing to have stock transferred may v r	- -	do so at this meeting.
Notice of Meeting
Mr
carrots,
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through
Generations
The annual Meeting of Clarendon Dairy Company will be held at the
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Sale of
Afghan (Mrs. John Clarke) 9.So ; Collected $21.94 in recent Red Cross Drive with $18.00 pledged to be paid iu monthly payments.
Shawville
Quebec
5 turnips ; 1 basket each, beets, cucum bers, onions ; 3 baskets carrots ; 2 has kuts potatoes; 3 lbs butter.
L. A, SMART, President.
i
SHAWVILLE -' QUE.
###PAGE###2###
history.
Tessie, 7,000-pound circus elephant which had just died, was the subject.
Using axes, saws and other carpenter shop instruments, physicians and students discovered Tessie died of tetanus and that she also suffered a lung congestion.
The Largest Autopsy Done On Elephant
it. And the Holy Spirit descended in & bodily form, as a dove, upon him, and a voice came out of heaven, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased. The solemn voice which spoke brought to Jesus himself, In his manhood, the assurance of his souship, of the perfect love and satisfaction of the Father in him. It was meant for him, but not for him alone. If we accept Its witness, we too become sons.
British Babe Born ’Midst Bursting Bombs
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
m
m

The University of Arkansas Medical School’s department of pathology last week performed what its officials described as the largest autopsy in this state’s |

LESSON III
THE MESSAGE OF JOHN THE BAPTIST.—Luke S. PRINTED TEXT, Luke 3: 3, 8-17, 21, 22.
GOLDEN TEXT—Bring forth therefore fruit» worthy of repentance.
Luke 3; 8.
If
t\
j This Curious World
By William
Ferguson



Farm Notes . .

11
k

fc £ 1


Q
O
A SPERM
WHALE
CAN EAT A
^ 7CW
OF FOOD
. V DA/LV/
‘b
Spring Pastures Started in Fall
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—It is generally understood that the climax of John’s ministry, and the baptism of Christ, occur-
the summer of A D.
26 and the spring of A.D. 27.
Place—The ministry of John the Baptist for the most part was in the wilderness of Judaea. The exact place where Jesus w&s baptized is not known, but it Is thought to have been not far from the city of Jericho, and of course on the
Jordan River.
m


1


up 0

I
<o

%
) O
î
2*

O


m

In Canada, during the past decade, many a farmer has revised his estimate of pasture and learned that with rational fertilizing and grazing management it may be made the mast profitable crop on the farm, providing an abundance of palatable, more nutritious feed ever an extended grazing season.
With the introduction of pasture improvement it was customary to make the fertilizer application in spring, a practice that still continues on many farms. But the results of experiments indicated a distant advantage in the full application of a mineral fertilizer, notably the 0-16-6, while some relied on straight super-phosphate for the heavier soils. Where the herbage consisted mostly of grasses the fall treatment was sometimes followed by a dressing of Sulphate of Ammonia or other nitrogen fertilizer in spring.
MORE VIGOROUS GROWTH
In tHfe fall of 1939 pasture trials to determine chiefly the value of nitrogen in the fertilizer applied at this season were commenced at a number of points in Ontario and Quebec, the rate and weight of growing being estimated periodically during the season by the aid of protective cages placed at several sites in each plot. Although the records are not complete, it is possible to draw general conclusions from the data available.
The outstanding feature in every trial was the more advanced and vigorous growth of the fertilized herbage, noticed in early spring, and the marked superiority of the grazing throughout the season. In two or three instances where but little clover was present in the herbage the influence of the nitrogen in the fall fertilizer was quite marked at first but less so as the season advanced. The choice lay between 0-16-6 and 2-16-6, the former preferable where clover or other legumes were plentiful, the latter where grasses made up the greater part of the herbage.
i


red between
\x

Oq *
<•»

•>o
Mi
»



V
NS



m
<?
'
/
?
s

2S
X
John’s Ministry the Baptist appeared, and Lord also, at a time
ruled by the
f
X
%

John


-

COPH. 1937 BY NEA SERVICE. INC
shortly our when the world was most powerful government, the Roman, that the world has ever known. The priesthood of Israe was as corrupt as the government which she hated. Israel was in a tragically deplorable condition, certainly needing light, cleansing, a new word from God which would
convict her of her sins, and pre-
" , Messiah.

(Because he found I
SO MANV SYSTEMS OP ¦ f>U*/CTUAT/ON IN I USE. TIMOTHT DEXTER I WROTE A BOOK. ""A I

y:


&

A

P/K'EL POP. TH, K/StOW/MG OMÆS?
AND OMITTED ALL
I

m



Mr. and Mrs. Peter Roderick of southeast London are shown with their daughter Doreen, admiring their new arrival, Peter John Anderson Roderick, in the air raid shelter in which the child first saw the light of day. Anti-aircraft shells were bursting in the sky overhead and German bombs were bursting around the shelter when the child was born. In tribute to their comparative safety, the names “John Anderson” were given the infant. Sir John Anderson invented this type of
POINTS IN THE TEXT:
pare her for receiving the
this time the word of the Lord
who had been an-before hie birth, as
BUT PRINTED /=7I/£ HW
PAGES OP NOTH/MG BUT PUNGTUAT/ON
NIAPA^SAT THE £A/A \
FOR. THE READER.
TO USE AS HE MIGHT WISH.
At

¦ ¦
came to one nounced, even the forerunner of the Messiah, John the Baptist, who was found at this
the wilderness. He had
teen there at least ten year*. One day he roused himself under the mastery of a pressure upon him from above and the messenger of the living God began to proclaim his message. Luke 3: 3. And he _____ all the region round the Jordan, preaching the

X '

£)| ASH TREES
r BELONS ' I I	TO THE
* OL-fV-E.
Mi FAMILY.
time in
into his garner ; but the chaff he will burn up with unquenchable fire. Christ in his divine love separated chaff from wheat. This figure of speech used by John was easily understood by the people of his day, many of whom were engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Christ's Baptism 21. Now it came to pass, when all the people were baptized, that, Jesus also having been baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,
more than baptize with water; he would not actually change the hearts of men. Such a baptism as mentioned here was foretold in Isa. 44. 3 and Joel 2: 28; its first and primary fulfillment was at Pentecost; it is now fulfilled in the life of every true believer in the Lord Jesus Christ (1 Cor. 6: 11; 12: 13).
14. Whose fan Is in his hand, thoroughly to cleanse his threshing floor, and to gather the wheat
{VI
c

am
•2
NOT only is the ash a relative of the Mediterranean olive, now raised extensively in California, but it is a cousin to lilacs, privets» and forsythias. Ashes are found in the tropics, as well as In the
temperate regions.
NEXT: Why were peony roots worn about the necks of chH* dren in olden times?	•	—
came into
about —	.
baptism of repentance unto remission of sins.
The Rite of Baptism
This baptism of John's was
rite, and highly sig-
an
entirely new oificant. The Jews were accustomed to ablution as the outward sign of inward purification; but John made it a universal rite. The first word of hie ministry was, Repent; his baptism was for those who had repented ; it foretold the purifies, tion of mind and heart which comes from the washing away of our sins | « in the blood of Jesus Christ; on the part of man, delivers a déclarât sin renounced ; on the
?
¦
1
1
—e
TENNIS EXPERT

RADIO REPORTER
/
Answer to Previous Puzzle * 10 Ingenuous.*
11 He continues to merit hit great
15	Not fertile.
16	To tie.
17	Guilelessness.
18	Man of learning.
20	Dry.
21	Beast.
22	Cotton cloth.
24	To discuss.
25	Glided.
27	To jog.
28	Consumer.
30	Bard.
31	Fish.
32	Sloth.
33	Series of muscular contractions.
37	To insnare.
38	Pedal digits.
40	Ran away.
41	Soared..
43	Tennis point.
44	Hail!
46	Court (abbr.).
47	Neuter pronoun.
HORIZONTAL 1 Former amateur tennis champion.
11	Italian river.
12	Greasy.
13	Pastry decorator.
14	Like.
16	To shirk.
17	Herb.
18	To perch.
19	Enamel.
21	Bird.
22	To bathe.
23	Ornamental vases.
24	Witticisms.
25	To divide.
26	Cover of the 39 To honk.
40 Ai’ectionate.
42	Yonder.
43	On the lee.
44	Indian mulberry.
player 45 He was
champion for eight-----
By DAVE ROBBINS •
SHrjMeM» ¦ aiSMHMt 11

that go to make up the underworld of Big Town. The hard-hitting editor and» Lorelei, the star girl reporter, are on the CBS each Wednesday night at nine (Daylight Time), and are heard in Ontario from CFRB.
(The CBC network and all principal Canadian Radio stations are on daylight time).
CANADIAN DANCE BAND
Canada's best dance band takes to the air each Wednesday night at ten (Daylight Time), with a program that all Canada will en-Melodies For You.
Mart Kenney and his Western Gentlemen is the band in question, a group that first played together as a unit in Vancouver, and has now scaled the heights of popularity until they merit & coast to coast show. Music that has personality, a band that includes several feature entertainers and distinctive arrangements, lifts Mart Kenny’s Western Gentlemen above the crowd.
This band offers a weekly treat you will really enjoy — in Ontario dial in CKOC, CBL or CBO to hear Mart Kenney and his Western Gentlemen.
ation
part of God, of sin forgiven.
8. Bring forth therefore fruits worthy of repentance, and begin not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham. The Jews had so exalted a conception of their privilege as children of Abraham that they could scarcely believe it possible that any son of Abraham should ever be lost John pointed to the rocky plains around him, and declared that God who had made Adam from clay could make eons of Abraham from those stones, f. And even now the axe also lieth at the root of the trees : every tree therefore that brlngeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast Into the fire. The tree here metaphorically referred to is of course Israel; the time when the axe la laid at the root of the trees is the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ; the fruit of which John here speaks Is true repentance and belief in the Messiah, showing that the heart is right (that is, that the tree is bearing fruit is intended).
Practical Application
10.	And the multitudes asked him, saying, What then must we do?
11.	And he answered and said unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath food, let him do likewise.
12.	And there came also pu»bll-to be baptized, and they said
PEACOCK
N
y
(5)
MB
M
Well, Buck Benny rides again, this time in his twelfth year on the NBC network, for Jack and his talented crew have returned to the air lanes Sunday evenings at seven (standard time). Mary Livingstone, Dennis Day, Don Wilson, Phil Harris, Andy Devine and Eddie Anderson as “Rochester" are all back with radio’s funniest comic. Dial in Jack and the gang next Sunday from either CBL or WBEN, they’re worth a listen.
joy
Hfil

Radio Irons Out Schedules
ÏIMIIWWHSlMailll BIMliffl
36 Entrance. 38 Russian emperor.
VERTICAL
1	Grief.
2	Permissions to usfe.
3	Cheerful tune.
4	Kind.
5	Affirmative vote.
6	Glazed clay blocks.
7	Portrait statue.
8	Sheltered place.
9	Doctor.
Continuation of Daylight Time Caused Confusion For Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
Chain Programs
eye.
27	Tax.
28	Arm bone.
29	Publicity.
30	He has been
Trouble With
Unexpected repercussions of the Federal Power Commissioner’s ruling continuing daylight saving time where it is established in Ontario and Quebec, were successfully ironed out by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
The ruling threw a monkey wrench into plans for winter programs requiring co-ordination with time in other provinces and in the United States where clocks were moved buck one hour to standard time.
a
for a long time.
Trivia: Eddie Cantor has donated his Long Island home to the British committee for war guests, and it will house about 100 evacuee kiddies — Come March 29 there'll be a lot of changes in radio station wave-lengths, and some folks with push-button tuning will have to have changes made . . . Edgar Bergen nearly bowed out for good the other day; he narrowly escaped in a plane crack-up as he was trying a trick landing . . . For the Horace Heidt fans “Falling Leaves," the cheery maestro’s latest, will be a thrill. It’s a smoothflowing masterpiece of sweet mu-
33	Stupid fellow.
34	Lean-to.
35	Ascot.
years.
48	Slumbered.
49	To simmer.
NOTES AND NEWS
One of the best Sunday night shows for your money is Out of the Night, a Sabbath feature of CFRB heard at 9.30. A capable group of players present this thrilling mystery series in a way that will hold your Interest.
K
I
A
î1
I
SAME AS ATLANTIC TIME
Generally speaking programs of the C. B. C. have been based on Eastern Daylight time in the summer and Eastern standard time in the winter. Now they are continuing throughout the winter to be based on Eastern daylight time. The effect has been to base them on Atlantic standard time.
Thus in the winter days before the war, if a program were presented over a national hookup at 8 p.m. E.S.T., it would be heard in Halifax at 9 p.m. A.S.T. and in Vancouver at 5 p.m., P.S.T. Now this program is presented at 9 p.m. E.D.T. which will be 9 p.m. A.S.T. and 5 p.m. P.S.T.
I
• WHEN'S smart musicale, Concert In Miniature, which brings Lillias Goss, talented pianist, and organist Dorothy Bayer to radio listeners, is now heard on Saturday evenings at 6.45.
6
sic.
“THE TOWN CRIER"
The small towns of Ontario are back on the air over CKOC, Hamilton, every Friday night at 7.30 pvm. Standard Time (8.30 Daylight) . . Each week & different community in the province is featured, a brief outline of its history given together with a review of recent events taken from the local newspaper presented before the mike. . . . This Friday night, tune in on Hagersvllle.
cans
unto him. Teacher, what must we
And for Ladies Only — Don't forget the Mid morning Bright Spots heard every weekday at 10.30 a m. These Little shows will interest the housewives!
V
!###
do?
13. And he said unto them, Exhort more than that which is appointed you. Publicans were tax collectors, attempting to squeeze out as much graft as possible. 14. And soldiers also asked him, saying, And we, what must we do? And he said unto them, Extort from no man by violence, neither accus»* any one wrongfully; and be con tent with your wages.
Hit Testimony to Christ 15. And as the people were in expectation, and all mean reasoned in their hearts concerning John, whether haply he were the Christ; John answered, saying unto them all, I Indeed baptize you with- wat-but there cometh he that Is mightier than I, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose. This new prophet increased the hopes of deliverance; then the mysterious whisper went round that this was the Christ. (None dared ask the stern prophet, until at length the rumor became of national importance, and the députa tlon from the Sanhedrin waited upon him—John 1: 19). He shall baptize you in the Holy Spirit and In fire. John the Baptist could do
9
I
no
Big Town, the Columbia chain's thrilling tale of the racket-busters, is back on the air with Edward G. Robinson and Ona Munson ferreting out the criminals and chlselers
m
'5
POP — No Silver Lining
By J. MILLAR WATT
YOU SAID YOU MAD YOUR FINANCIAL POSITION AT
YOUR FINGER , TIPS f
r
SO I HAVE !
i
rS
f

J
•r;
4
2V

I

_\
\






1 ^
am.



«





s>	fié








( Refees*


	
###PAGE###3###
ed into that country. This has been due to the general financial position in New Zealand, while since the outbreak of the war the need for conserving foreign exchange has made It necessary to curtail Imports of goods from other countries to an even greater degree than had been the case with the restrictions In force last y<x*r.
As a result there has been a falling off In Canadian exports to New Zealand, but the balance of trade between the two countries is still In favor of Canada.
OGDEN’S ALWAYS “STARS”!
River in Algeria	it	_
Of Natural Ink J fl Q W C Oil I?
If you saw somebody filling a '	BY ANNE ASHLEY
fountain pen from a river, and I I then writing with it, you would * . be entitled to rub your eyes — unless you happened to be in Algeria. But in that country there is one stream that not only looks like ink, but is also thick enough to write with. Fed by two springs, one of which is impregnated with lead oxide and the other with ferris salts, this strange stream thus has the same chemical composition as ordinary ink. But of it would happen that, by sheer cussedness of chance. •
Canadian National Railways Revenues
The gross revenues of the ail-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 9-day period ending September 30,	1940,
were ............ $ 6,491,022
as compared with ....	7,520,260
for the corresponding period of 1939, a decrease of........
Canadian Sub-chaser Passes Official Tests
--F3E'W%
' ¦
¦fr
9 J>4r





Q. How can I replace casters in a piece of furniture so they will not continually fall out?
A. Remove the caster, pour plastic wood into the opening, and as it begins to set force the caster into place, harden thoroughly before placing the furniture on its feet.
Q. How can I fatten thin hands?
A. Wash the hands in hot water, dry, and rub a little olive oil into them. Make the applica-ton before retiring so that the oil can remain on as long as possible.

'1
m
Vu
ii



U-'*’

Ogden's Fine Cut gives a perfect per- W formance every time. It ^ rolls a real cigarette—a milder, cooler, sweeter smoke that satisfies in every particular. Yes, sir—you’ll roll them better when you roll with Ogden'si
Only tbo best cigarette papers—"Cbanteclef or "Vogue”— are good enough for Ogden s.
I
Allow this to
!
#

V
I
Memorization Is Important
i
Ml
l
t
t
course
Facts and Symbols Are Needed Constantly; But Students Must Know Meaning

t


t
Smoker$!— i

t'M
A$k
I
For
A*
Q. What can I do if a cake browns before it is done?
A. Reduce the heat, then cover the cake with a piece of brown paper. The cake will not brown any more.
Q. How can I whiten handkerchiefs?	e -
A. One excellent method is to put the handkerchiefs into a basin of cold water to which a quarter of a teaspoon of cream of tartar has been dissolved, and allow them to soak overnight.
Q. How can I easily punch a new hole in leather when shortening the sewing machine belt, or any similar job?
A. Heat a large needle red hot. Hold the needle with a pair of pliers and it will penetrate the leather very readily.
student in high school or college suppose he can get al-without boning, (committing things to memory). There are tain facts and symbols which will be needed constantly. The earlier they are memorized the better. An example is the spelling of the technical vocubulary of any course.
Many are tempted to memorize before they know what it means, to memorize more words and phrases. Though some can by considerable cramming before examination make good grades through this procedure, they are pretty sure to meet with trouble by and by. you'll learn really very little of any subject this way. '
Some students are content with figuring out the meaning. They don’t bother about committing ideas or items to memory. They trust to Incidental memory. They neglect a step in study at which they could, through a little systematic effort and self-discipline, get greatest dividends from small investment of effort. As a rule, what is worth figuring out, is worth remembering. Some practice at boning Is good practice for the student.
fj
Ogdent
Let no

Cut
A
Plug
$

ong
v
cer-
t *


«

C0Pi A*D
m



$ 1,029,238 or 13.7%
officials who tried her out.


OGDEN'S
. F I N E CUT*
\
WITHOUT VITAMINS
adequate supply of nearly all the known vitamins is necessary for maintenance of health in human beings some of the lower animals arc able to get along without certain vitamins. Rats which can live in the dark can remain in a healthy state without vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin. Now it has been demonstrated that cockroaches, which also are sun dodgers, do not manufacture vitamin A in their bodies and do not require it in their diet.
- HAVE -YOU HEARD?
LIVE
While an
All signs point to a heavy stock feeding season this winter. Early beef cattle sales in the West reflect the stronger market beef prices, and the big stocker and
feeder sales around the corner should do well for their consignees.
* -e #
HEALTH
TOPICS
4
Canada-N.Z. Pact Renewed
The newly-wed salesman, accompanied by his wife, entered the dining-room of the hotel which he used to frequent. His order ncluded roast chicken, but there was some delay.
“Where’s my chicken?” he demanded, somewhat irritably.
The waiter replied in a husky undertone;
“Sorry, but if you mean the little girl with blue eyes and fluffy hair, she doesn’t work here now!”
+ « « *
Those First Teeth Are Very Important
Year's Extension Of Trade Treaty Announced
1


Dr. T. 1. Marsh writing in Health, the official organ of the Health League of Canada, refutes the delusion that a child’s first
teeth are
since they won’t last long, the contrary, he asserts, they should be looked upon as the foundations for the permanent teeth. Unless they are maintained hi the mouth in a healthy condition for the proper length of time, he says, the lower two thirds of the face fails to develop fully and symmetrically and the whole appearance of the face may he spoiled.
DENTIST 3 TIMES YEAR
More than this, he asserts, dental infections progress more rapidly in the teeth of children than in those of adults, and he recommends
should be examined at least three year from three years of
age to adolescence.
Regarding the general care of the teeth, Dr. Marsh urges thorough mastication of fibrous foods such as celery and raw apples. Gum tissues need exercise no less than muscles, he states, and also the chewing of fibrous foods is about the best way possible to polish those surfaces of the teeth that lie toward the tongue.
Diet has much to do with the health of the teeth, says Dr. Marsh. At least a pint of milk a day should be drunk, and meals should include one egg a day, some fresh "fruit and vegetables, while sticky, starchy carbohydrates should be reduced to a
minimum. In when sunbaths are Impossible, cod-Uver oil should be taken in order to supply the necessary vitamin D.
Extension of the Canada-New Zetland trade agreement for a further period of one year has been announced by Hon. G. A. MacKinnon. Trade Minister.
The agreement was concluded May 24, 1932, for one year but has been extended at various times since then, the last extension being In 1939 to September 30, 1940.
The agreement provides for fixed rates of duty on certain enumerated goods imported into New Zealand, and on all other products the benefits of British preferential tariffs. Corresponding concessions granted on New Zealand’s products imported into Canada. FALLING-OFF OF EXPORTS Since December 5, 1938, the Government of New Zealand have found it necessary to impose Import restrictions on goods lmport-
Z
of little importance
Harness and Horse Blankets
/V
;¦
On
Ai*
t/V
Modern
Etiquette

“A fool and hit money are parted.”
Consult your Local Staco Brand Harness retail dealer for your Fall ploughing needs. Large size jute Blankets $3.25 each.—Large size Duck Blankets $3.50 each.— Horse Collars, all leather $3.55 each, cloth face $3.85 each— Team Harness $35 set—Complete with breeching $51 set. Write for our new illustrated catalogue. Staco Brand goods made only by
Samuel Tree» Company Limited
,42 Wellington St. E., Toronto
toon
twNEW
“Who got yourt?”
“Yes,” said the boastful young “my family can trace its
BY ROBERTA LEE
man,
ancestry back to William the Conqueror.”
“I suppose,” remarked his friend, “you’ll be telling us that your ancestors were in the Ark with Noah?”
“Certainly not,” said the other. “My people had a boat of their own.” *
1.	When room at the dinner table ia limited, would it be all right to allow about 16 inches
for each person?
2.	Should a man use his right hand or left hand when tipping his hat?
3.	Is it rude to begin a telephone conversation by saying,
' "Who is this”?
4.	Should a man “talk shop”
at a dinner party?
5.	When invited for a weekend visit and you are not sure what kind of clothes to take, what should you do?
6.	Should a bridegroom give a wedding gift to his bride?
Answer»
1. No; this would be entirely too crowded. The minimum space to allow is 20 inches, while 80 inches is much better, hand, but it should be the one farthest away from the person to whom he is speaking. 3. Yes. It is in the place of the person who calls to quickly identify himself. 4. Never; nor at any kind of party or social gathering. The who does is invariably considered a bore. 5. Ask your host-what clothes, you will require. 6. Yes; this is customary.

Mill I
t
Here's » portable fireplace that requires do Installation. Delivers flood of clean, healthful heat. Several coal oil and gasoline models.
SEE YOUR DEALER or write te us for
are
THE COLEMAN LAMP & STOVE
CO. LTD.
Toronto. Ont.
(040»)
Dept. 40»
teeth
that children’s
a 1
She: "What sort of house •hall we move to?” Husband: “Lot’s try a bungalow, dea then you won’t always be hearing burglars moving about downstairs.”
A Montreal firm recently had occasion to cable their London office to enquire whether one of their clients was still quite safe, aa he was not answering cables, and they took advantage of the opportunity to enquire how their London manager’s parrot was standing up to the bombing (the parrot is quite a personality in the home). The following cable was received in answer:
. . Parrot well but has formed disturbing habit of imitating air raid siren.”
es a
lin
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• a i
PHOTO FINISHING
MISCELLANEOUS
AGENTS WANTED
FREE! You Can Now Own
PEACOCKS — THREE VARIETIES Wild Geese and Ducks, Wild Turkey#, Pheasants. Quail and other
birds.—
H. Mack, 140 York Rd., Guelph. Ont.	*	___________
_.T WORLD ILLUSTRATED — Canada’s newest pictorial magazine has an opening in your town for a part time representative, male or female. No experience necessary, just mail a post-card listing a reference and full particulars will follow by return mail. Address to G. Dunne, Suite 611, Sterling Towers, Toronto.
_	SELL A PATENTED
necktie, direct to the customers. Write Station K Box 23. Toronto.
NEW
complete bet oi beuutiiui biiver-ware absolutely without cost# manufactured and guaranteed by, international Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the best in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J* Toronto.	___
ornamental and
game
HAIR GOODS
2. Either
WIGS. TOUPES. TRAN5F0RMA-tions, Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goode. Write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
AGENTS
BABY CHICKS
FARMS WANTED
VALUABLE INFORMATION ON
fall chicks now. • Bray Hatchery,
Hamilton. Ont.
winter months,
MEDICAL
BUYER IF OFFERED TEN THOUSand farms might choose yours first. No charge for listing. Describe fully, name price and lot number. Dominion Farm Agency, Toronto 3. Ontario.______________¦
man
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED—EVERY sufferer of Rheumatism Neuritis should try Dr. Dixon’s remedy. Sold at Munro’s Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. $1.00 postpaid.
PAYNESE TABLETS FOR RELIEF of Rheumatic Pains, Headaches, Toothache and Neuralgia, $1.00 per hundred. Postpaid. Satisfaction guaranteed. Domestic Drug Co.. Box 343, Winnipeg.
She; “How much money do you happen to have on you, dear?”
He; “Between 98 and 100 dollars.”
“Isn’t that quite a bit of money to be carrying around?”
“Oh, two dollars isn’t so much.”
130 John North
688
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
FOOT REMEDY
SOLDIERS TRAINING FIND FOOT Bliss great comfort for tired, hot, swollen feet. Send 25c for full size package, prepaid. Dept. F, 155 George Street. Toronto._
SAWMILL ON MUSKOKA LAKE Gravenhurst. For sale, rent, cut by the thousand or Financial partner wanted. Address: A. Baker, Gravenhurst.
At Night
?
What Science-Is Doing
Down by the pond where the water-bugs creep,
The green frogs hide all day;
Then at night, when It’s time to sleep,
They bring out their fiddles to play!
Back in the woods, where the beetle-bugs crawl,
The brown owl wakes up, too;
Through the dark trees you can hear him call,
“0 who? Whoo-oo? 0 who?”
—Juanita D. Miller, in Christian Science Monitor.
CARS NEW AND USED
NEURITIS SUFFERERS
FOR SALE
PERCHERON STALLION.
four, Belgian Stallion rising three. These horses must be sold at once. Reasonable terms. B. Ayl ward Queensvllle. Ont.
Mt'pi^san^Roa'X^oïo^ngésl 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Lsed Cars make us many friends.
r	PRINTING
FRUIT JUICES ARE THE PRINcipal ingredients in Dr. Dixon’s Remedy for neuritis. Sold only at
335 Elgin,
RISING
CJumtael&i
Slow Burning abll
Munro’s Drug Store Ottawa, $1.00 postpaid.
SEEK SHOCK PREVENTIVE
Federal authorities have requested medical research workers at McGill University to speed up their investigation into the cause and prevention of snock.
War has made the solution of the problem of shock as a cause of death a matter of urgency, doctors explained, search workers have been tackling it since the start of the year with funds from the medical committee of the National Kesarch Council.
TIKES WANTED
P.O. BOXES
CIGARETTE PAPERS
WANTED FOR CASH — SMOOTH Tires, must be sound, passenger or truck. Highest prices paid. We pay. the freight. — Trutred (Canada), Limited 448* Yonge St.. Toronto.
ATTENTION HOUSEWIVES—
Ub°To0y Assorted8eLabels”lOc, 500 Labels 25c postpaid. Lewis t rlnt-lng. Station H. Toronto. Canada.
TO POSTMASTERS, FOR SALE $1.00 each — small combination Boxes. Apply Postmaster. Powell River,
NONE FINER MADE
DOUBLE ‘«SMS'
B.C.
TULIP BULBS
DETECTIVES
PORTABLE SILOS
FOUR DOLLARS WILL BUY A hundred good Darwin tulip bulbs in one or two varieties. J. Vet, Fergus. Ontario.
SEVENTEEN
AMBITIOUS MEN and over wanted immediately for secret-service and detective work. Complete training course by correspondence. Free information, write to C. M. Julien. Box 25. Station T, Montreal.__________ .
GET THE MOST FEED VALUE OUT of your corn this season by storing it in a Keenan Portable Silo. It will keep your ensilage In perfect condition at only a fraction of the cost of a permanent silo. Sold In sizes of 10 feet, 14 feet and 16 feet diameter. Includes everything necessary for erection. The cost is small. Write for prices. The Keenan Fence Co., Owen Sound, Ontario.	________________
THROAT
SORE?
McGill re-
r
r-t
POULTRY AND EGGS
\A
Plant Detectives
WANTED—EGGS AND POULTRY graded or ungraded. Write for information. Canadian Provision & Supplv Co., Commission Dealers, Front Street East. Toronto.

>. ¦
for common ordinary sort
HELP WANTED FEMALE
YOUNG WIVES! Here is your chance to do pleasant, profitable work while ‘Hubby" Is “Over there! Make from $15.00 to $20.00 a week “extra*' money by doing a rea service to your friends and neigh-
IUBX "HIGH'Y '
HOLD NECESSITIES. Write for FREE booklet today. KAMI LEX, 570 St Clement Street, Montreal.
—	JOB OPPORTUNITY

/
oOo
NEW CANCER DISCOVERY
. An experiment which may mean that the cause of cancer has been found was reported last week.
Dr. John Frederick Mcnke, research surgeon, announced in Science that he had succeeded, apparently for the first time in any laboratory, in extracting a substance from human cancer that would produce cancers in experimental animals.
109
The present way of discovering minerals is to examine geological formations and take samples of the earth's strata, but a new method has now been introduced by two Swedish scientists. They analyze the leaves and roots of plants where mineral lodes suspected, for minerals are dissolved by rain, mixed with the soil in which plants grow and sucked up into the roots, stem and leaves. The scientists reduce the leaves to ash and photograph When examined under a
¦¦¦¦vied bags __________
FARMERS, DAIRYMEN, BAKERS, Merchants and Others are making extra money by shipping us all kinds of used empty bags. You can do the same. Write us now and we will send you full particulars and shipping tags. Ship freight collect. Highest prices paid.—Sendel & Scndel Ltd.. 709-711 Common St., Montreal, Que.______
USED TIRES FOR SALE
GOOD USED TIRES, ALL SIZES. Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited. Brockton Tire, 1611 Dundee West, Toronto.	__.________
TIRES WEARING SMOOTH!
are
IF STILL SOUND HAVE THEM Trutreded! Costs only a fraction of price of new tires. New Tire guarantee. Write for folder and prices or drive in .when next in Toronto and see Trutreds made. Trutred (Canada) Limited, 488* Yonge St., Toronto, at the Tower Clock. Just North of College St.
PRINTING APPRENTICE WITH two or three years general experience In all lines of printing wanted for Toronto Job office. Good chance for advancement. Apply by letter only, giving full details of previous experience, wages
writer
Toronto. ____________
Nervous Restless
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Used
New
I
Hills!
Cranky? Restless? Can t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by fe-I^IHHHI^Hinale	dls-
I orders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years in helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially for women. WELL WORTH TRYING 1
- .	.. _ them.
SithQ.Uooth?ngi powerful microscope certain cooling Mentha* characteristic lines are always
chopping.*cuts! seen, and it is possible to tell by irtî	studying these whether a certain
Jars and tubes, 30c. element is present. This method
>M has proved successful in tracing the rarer minerals, such as nickel id molybdenum.
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic
¦ • I • t • »
Starters,
Radiators
MACHINERY FOR SALE
W laches, Geaerutors.
toe, Carburetors, Exchaage Service, Glass — Satisfaction or Levy Auto Parts. Dept. I. Tomato.
Ram Roofing—Granary Lining
gUPERTITB STEEL SHEETS COST le*s. cover more last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia Ontario.

WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to be Write for free descriptive
A. R. William» Ltd., 64 Front
cut
bulletin. The Machinery Co.
St., West Toronto.
ISSUE 42—*40
MENTHÜLATUM
i .
6,.,t COMFORI
VA â
###PAGE###4###




n
aooonnQQOiTaQnnBEanQOQOQn:
((
G 00
Stanley Walsh, 2 Arnold Vallille, 1 Stanley Walsh, 62 yds gravel. .
B J Farrell, 700 ft. RM. cedar
plank .; .........
Harry Foran, 24 cedar 12 feet
long 8 inch tons ..
Pat Gorman, 3 days labour.
That lack of consideration for other Miçhael Gorman, 3 days labour users of the road and utter contempt	—Carried,
for their rights were the foremost causes Motion by Os Young-Eirrell, that of traffic accidents as expressed by J. O. this Council grant 825 00 to the Red Tremblay,. Province of Quebec Safety Cross Society, Quynn Branch.—Carried.
League, Vice president for street proCes Verbel of Special Supt Pierre safety, in an address to truck drivers at R()bert regarding public road Lots 16 Mount-Royal Hotel.	| and 17, Range 11, and Lots 14 and 15,
“Traffic bullies', Mr. Tremblay be- R*nge io, of this Township present.* licved, were responsible fora large num- Motion by Os Vallillee-Young, that her of highway mishaps. They never	Procès Verbal of Pierre Robert
allowed anyone to pass them without Sj^ecial Supt. be accepted without any raising a kick and then, at the same i alterations.—Carried, time give the passer, barely sufticent Mr. Stephen'fUvis appeared at the space to go through. When they met. Board praying this Council to have a they hardly moved from the center of Jitck opened at the boundary fence the road. At a railroad crossing where between north half of Lots 4 and 5, the gates had been down for a while and \\xnge 9 to let the watar off north half they were the last ones in. they charged Lot * Range 9.
in so as to take the head of the pack Motion by Crs Farrell-Young, that and be the first to pass. When a long Mr. Lionel Grimes be requested to have line of cars waited for a jam to clear, or Laid ditch opened sufficient to drain the in a parking space, they stole the best north half of Lot 4, Range 9, before place which another motorist had been October 31st, 1940—Carried, waiting for.	Motion by Crs Young-Armitage, that
Shame on the traffic bullies, the this Council apply to the Minister of speaker said, especially those of the com- Municipal Affairs to have the seats of petitive or show-off type who are so each Councillor numbered according to humiliated when other people passed Article 80 of Quebec Municipal Code.— them that they felt they must overtake Carried.
the passer. Shame on these ill-ruann- Motion by Crs Farrell-Vallillee, that ered nonentities with the mental set-up this Council adjourn until Nov. 4th, of grammar school toughs who naked L940 at one o’clock in the afternoon.— not only their lives, but those of their | Carried, loved ones and of innocent by standers, who took such keen delight in making pedestrians scramble for safety and and forcing other drivers into the ditch, who became more daring and less intelligent, until at last the inexorable law
iSsrxsi	o«*. T». I».»
suplimated by a shot of gasoline.	A regular meeting of the Municipal
What was required, Mr. Tremblay Council held on the above date at the conclnded, was a campaign against traffic usual place of meeting All members of j j^abies Are Best Crop bullies, a campaign to bring courtesy the Council were present, back to road manners, because too many On motion Crs. Muldoon—Young, the
motorists did not know what it meant, minutes of last meeting were adopted I The federally established farm Drivers should resolve to show a little as read.	.	colony in the Matanuska valley in
more kindness and respect for one an- Mrs, Dowd appeared requesting a Alaska has found babies are its best other, and accident records would	be	donation to the Red Cross. Motion	crop, according to Harry De Land
improved 100 per cent.	by Crs. Fraser—\roung that this Coun-	of Palmer, who was sent here to
cil donate $50.00 to the Red Cross.—	induce the territory to buy the col-
Carried.	ony’s $150,000 schoolhouse for $1
Motion Crs. MacKechnie—Young that cash, the Mayor and Crs. Fraser and Clarke Transfer of the structure, erected Oct 2 1940	j be a committee to inspect roads and by the Rural Rehabilitation corpora* 1	,	,	requirements of snow fences needed. —	tion, to the territory is desired by
clarendon Council met on the	above	Carried.	the colony now “on its own and de-
date. Present Mayor Barr and Council- Motion by Crs. Muldoon—Clarke the termined to succeed.” lors Grant, Whelen. Hanna and Mac- f0ijowjng bills were ordered paid, viz:— De Land said 200 children have farlaoe.	J. Coyle and T. Denning ...........$3 28 been born to the former midwest
ip’i mm sü
EH?”EE «:srsysaAz«d	a.»-k,er •"*’•
1E	%#p£§I	1 g jSSS
Motion by Crs Hanna-Judd that Iîode^nîutYheir'portiL^I abrupt questioning of a cross-exam- q.j* ™ ^^'^r^Murpby exceeded their hst the amount so ex- ^%i,m, C„ Muldoora-Fraser that '"petitTwL Mary Hicks took no ptt.ent's^^ukocyto'count0cfose .
ceeded be charged to next years hat.-	Elwood Hamilton be appointed Road	chances on being confused m that	L norma, without upsetting his	"8 to the report of the expenments
L”rle> ,	„ tu ,	. „ J	Master to replace the Late Milton Ham	regard when she prepared to test.-	stomach or his appetit7	Usually the interval is sufficient to
Motion by Crs Wnelen and Grant, ilton _Qar|.ied	on the witness stand before Su- Thj discovery suceested to him allow the Patlcnt to resume the cy-
that the Mayor be authorized to sign Etr, Amm appeared and requested he Perior Judge J. T Ronald in Seattle. that thc disease may result from the cle and co"tin“« until h.o has had the any distress warrants if necessary—	^ entered as owner of Lot 9-A R 4.	, She took a fountain pen and care-	deficiency of some controlling sub-	nU'nbe.r of,chll,ls considered neces-
^Ttvli t w . 11 j •	His request was granted on motion of	marked on the back of her le	8,ance. just as pernicious anemia	saJ^ or treatment of syphilis.
A bill from W. A. Hodgins amounting Cr8_ Muldoon-Young.	hand the word left and similarly results from a deficiency of an anti- Thio-bismol can be used in ordi-
to $5.78 was presented. Motion by Motion, Crs. Young—Westbrook that in.^^ the back of her right hand pernicious anemia factor.	nary malaria cases, Dr. DcOreo
Crs Hanna-Grint, that this bill be paid. Lj Rr0nson to allowed to spend $100. with a proper identifying term for I “The deficient factor in leukemia sa^, but as an adjunct rather than
Lamed.	' on new road. This money to be applied *bat side.	is supplied in some manner by X-ray a substitute for quinine.
on 1941 taxes-Carried. On motion Or. /bus fortified, she took he witness exposure m smal] dosage, probably '
Muldoon the meeting adjourned untill ^land. a”a freeze lg	8!	less satisfactorily by large dosage, I one or even two additional chills
A — ’“"d ________________ s/s j	Ljrsœs sr- - s
: I	a# ## e I=#
###	I ^s.%
the following accounts be approved and Scientific American saw the great I earth s surface crust. It is even	“The Living Past”	belyeable to pay the for- but the more than 7,000,000 glass con-
m àmmmmamsBm
THE EQUITY
5
1 50
x
Hudgins Garage
6 20
Winter Egg Production
SHAW VILLE, OCT. 24, 1940
15 40
24 00
Conaider The Other Driver
1 50
6 00
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales

I

e
vr*


SÏL



production .can easily
be maintained by starting your
laying birds on Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and
J
Winter egg
>
9
i
Fades’ Eggslent
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
V
Laying Masli or feeding to your bird until Spring
»

For those who have an abundance of grains and wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we cairj a complete stock of Shur Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
Used Cars

x
x
?
<
and Trucks

,
If you are fattening poultry for market, Slim
birds that

Gain Fattening March will give your milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost.
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price

Andrew Farrell Sec Treas
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.,. REG’Oi
i
Ï
South Onslow Council
-
X
J. L. HUDGINS
h
Leukemia Cure May Be Near, Experiments Show

In Alaska Farm Colony
%
Phone 64-J.
| Hope that a cure may some day E be found for chronic leukemia, g dread disease of the blood from Ç which no one has been known to re- *' cover, was held out by Dr. William P. Murphy, of the Peter Brent hospital in Boston.
Dr. Murphy describes experiments which lead him to believe that the disease, which is marked by an increase of white corpuscles in the day rest period for pat dlood, may be caused by the defi- from malaria induce ciency of some substance that would as a treatment for syr normally control these corpuscles, central nervous system Future research, he says, will prob- scribed recently at a meeti _ ably reveal the nature of this sub- convention section of dermatology ! on i*10 en(* by a header which strikes
a series of rapid blows. After the head is formed the wire is cut to the desired length and a series of files points the other end.
After the pins come from the machine, they are placed in a revolving barrel filled with sawdust where all oil is absorbed and the pin emerges clean and bright. They are next put in a blower where the remaining sawdust is removed, after which they go into a huge boiler. They are boiled for five or six hours in a copper boiler, containing layers of tin, in a solution of argol or bitartrate of potash. This leaves them with a covering of tin, and gives them a bright shiny appearance. Again they are cleaned, washed and dried and are ready for the sticking room where they are put in paper folders.
c
I
GGGGGQOQQQQGOGGQQGGG
ggggg;
i/i/i/i/i/i/l/l/i/i/iyi/
M/|
s

Operations Necessary
For Making Lowly Pin
Here is how the ordinary pin is A stiff pin-wire is drawn into a machine from a large hank and the first operation takes all the kinks and twists out of the thin wire, after which a head is struck

New Drug Gives Re-,t
In Malaria Therapy Cas*
A new drug to give
Clarendon Council
ne-or-tw
made
31
y
'
ns Ci
f
s-
V

Much Sweets Produces Decay
Sugar is a potent dietary factoi in the production of decay in teeth, Dr. Philip Jay, research associate professor of oral pathology at the University of Michigan, told a group of dentists recently.
Reporting on experiments conducted at an orphanage, Dr. Jay said that evidence was found to indicate dental decay is a manifestation of malnutrition. “It may be prevented by feeding adequate diets, or sweets definitely restricted,” he said.
Decay activity was increased in children, his report disclosed, solely by raising the sugar intake while they were receiving a diet of optimum nutritional adequacy.
ver, lasting from 24 to 48 hours.
“After the interruption the chills and rise of fever return at the same intervals in which they were occur ring before the injections
accord
Motion by Crs Smart-Grant, that this meeting adjourn.—Carried.
John A. Dean,
“Many times a patient will have
Sec-Treas
Million Trees for Protection
Land wasted cither through erosion or intensive cultivations will be rehabilitated in the Dust Bowl region, if plans of the government are successful. The government is
low North

man.
i
###PAGE###5###
FOR SALE
è ê ê 'è «> j> J>
October Specials I
Cemetery Memorials
The Equity
One Spring and Fall Overcoat One Buffalo Robe One Buggy and Cutter aud a number of good books.
MRS. O. R. HORNER,
Main Street, Shawville, Quo
Established 1883
PUBLIRHKU KVKItY THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
à
Outstanding values in good quality Hosiery.
All the latest shades for Fall in Allan A. Hosiery
From 69c to .79c
»
"4
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
¦Vd?,
I
I
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
, $1.50
. 2.00
*
)
w
Auywhere in Canada To United States.
Get Our Prices Before Buying* Elsewhere
• • •
Swordpoint Records Exploit I
“Here was the Gen. Don Diego de I Vargas, who conquered for our Holy I Faith and Royal Crown all of New I Mexico at his own expense in the I year 1692.”	I
The above inscription carved with I his swordpoint on Inscription Rock, I El Morro National Monument, is I perhaps the most glamorous of all J. the autographs incised there by the ** Conquistadores. They were discov- = ered in 1848 by the first Americans to explore this section of New Mex- gi ico, Lieut. J. H. Simpson, afterward | General Simpson, and the artist and g writer, R. H. Kern. They added g their own names to the autographs, g which include five of the early Span- £ ish governors.	q
Among them is Manuel DeSilva g Nieto who succeeded Onate, founder 5 of Santa Fe, as governor of New S Mexico. Don Diego de Vargas is ^ buried under the altar of the old B Spanish church in Santa Fe.	$
All arrears must he paid In full before ajiy paper Is discontinue
w. g. cowanTpublisher
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Childrens Fine Ribbed Warm Wool and Cotton Mixture Stockings. Iie-
iu forced heels and toes. Color fawn.
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Marked Chemical Change Occurred in Our Dietary
Within o few generations, a more radical chemical change has occurred in our dietary than would be involved in the adapting of marine life to terrestrial habitation, according to an article in Hygeia, the Health Magazine for December. The author, E. F. Kohman, Ph. D.t Had-donfleld, N. J., says:
“When man took to milling his cereals, principally wheat and rice, when he adopted the practice of crystallizing almost chemically pure sugar from the sap of cane and beets, discarding numerous other constituents, when he replaced animal fats, particularly butter, with refined vegetable oils, he raised havoc with the chemical balance of his diet. *
“The world produces 35,000,000 tons of sugar, 7,000,000 of which are destined for the United States. The average per capita per annum consumption of sugar in the United States is slightly over 100 pounds, while of flour it is only slightly less than a barrel. The diet of many persons now consists of from 70 to 90 per cent of such foods.
“Sugar, refined cereals and vegetable oils have convincingly demonstrated their advantage from the standpoint of palatability, culinary adaptability, economy, convenience and esthetic appeal. Problems that they entailed had to be solved. From a chemical ctandpoint, succulent vegetables pla> an important nutritional role in correcting the conditions resulting from *he refining of our foods. While the velue oi vegetables was beginning to be appreciated before the word vitamin was coined, or before the principle it embodies was fully realized or before such mineral elements as copper, zinc, manganese and cobalt were regarded as essential in minute quantities, these discoveries were a decided impetus to a movement already well under way.”
From 19c to 25c
Childrens Fine Silk and Wool Mixture Hose.
Sizes 6 to 10. From
GBBBBBBB!
i/i/i

The Hedging Lumber Go.
\


25c to 35c
X
X
X
We have few lines of discontinued garments in odd sizes only at a special bargain if your size is here.
Mens Heavy Fleece Lined Combinations All Sizes
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT , LUMBER MILL-WORK
\
X
X
Hardened Lenses Protect Workers
Hardened lenses are finding wider use in safety goggles to protect the eyes of workers engaged in occupations with unusual visual hazards, reports the Better Vision institute. The hardened glass in such lenses has remarkable resistance to breaking and shattering. In a recent demonstration a steel ball weighing 16 grams was dropped on the center of such a lens 50,000 times from a distance of iy4 inches, without causing a breakage of the lens. The impacts on the glass represent a total of 2,295 foot-pounds of energy.
With the new hardened glass it is possible to drive a nail into a pine plank, using the spectacles as a hammer.
$1.35
s

Boys Pullover School Sweater. All Colours.
Sizes 28 to 34. Specially priced .
$1.00
* * *	• • • t
Boys Navy, Black and Fancy Windbreakers, With zipper Sizes 26 to 36.....
Phone 27
$2.25
%
Mens Cotton Mixture Socks in attractive designs, sizes 10 to 11 &	19c

THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
X
X
%
X
Quebec
Shawville,

m
Mens Fancy Wool Mixture Socks 25c to 39c

%

Divining Rods
Most scientists conclude that the dowser or “diviner” locates underground streams chiefly because of his unusual observational powers regarding geological conditions rather than because of any attributes of the The United States bureau of mines officials explain that much interest is evinced now in types of electrical prospecting devices—the seismograph and the torsion balance —in finding mineral deposits. These are intricate, however, and require Services of persons trained in their and would be valueless to one not versed in principles of geology, physics, electricity and related sci-Claims attached to divining
%
Mens Wool Work Socks
DarkGrey..
35c
ESTABLISHED 1883
Womens Fancy House Slippers, in velvets,
gabardine and felts
rod
COACH
INVALID
Growing Girls Oxfords in black leather, rust
From $1.98 to $2.25
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
suede, etc.
Directors of Funeral Service
Moodies Quality Underwear with short
sleeves and no sleeves
small, medium, large and oversize 59c to 59c
use
Camera for Color Photos Of Operations Designed
Three Atlanta physicians have announced an invention for making color pictures of the inside of the human body, according to an article appearing in the Southern Surgeon Journal.
The doctors, Dr. Edgar Ballenger, Dr. Harold P. McDonald and Dr. Reese C. Coleman, report that they have devised a miniature color camera, which when adapted to a cysto-scope (a type of telescope to explore the inside of the body) makes photographs of the bladder's interior.
The camera might also be adapted to instruments for the examination of the interior of the head, lungs and stomach. They say that it is possible to peer into the body cavities, with these instruments, through a series of lenses arranged in a flexible tube, which has a tiny electric light bulb on the head. _
It is also possible, the physicians report, to perform delicate operations with long instruments, which are thrust through the tube and manipulated with the aid of light.
Now it is possible for others, besides the surgeon, to watch the operation, the Atlanta surgeons say. The device is unlimited in its usefulness, they claim, as it can photograph, in natural color, various kinds of cancerous and other growths, injuries and stones, and perhaps curing them.
Shawville, Que.
ences
and mineral rods often have been found to be extravagant and unsubstantiated in practice.
Phone 83
Signs of Cancer Often
Ignored, Say Physicians
Dr. Howard K. Gray of the division of surgery of the Mayo clinic at Rochester, Minn., has said there is a lamentable disregard of the first significant persistent symptoms of cancer of the stomach by physicians as well as by laymen placed much of the responsibility for this neglect on some of the widely used medical textbooks, which, he said, listed as “general features” of the disease conditions that apply to its malignant stages.
Z
Ladies Silk and Wool Bloomers, Hoodie Quality, small, medium, large, and oversize 50c to 59c
%
Mac Lean’s
%
BED & WHITE STORE
He
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
White Swan Wheat Flakes, 5 lbs
Three pounds Soap Chips .........
Blue Ribbon Coffee, Glass Jar... Fresh Ground Coffee, per pound
Giant Size Bottle Pickles ........
Old English Liquid Wax............
Five-String Broom.................
25c
• I
25c
55c
25c
39c
Rolled Wheat, 5 lbs. package
Rolled Oats, per lb........
Wheatena, per lb...........
Walker's Salted Sodas, I lb. package
per lb
• • • •
25c
5c
Speaking at a meeting of the section on surgery of the American Medical association in New York,
Dr. Gray said it is the duty of members of the medical profession to impress on the general public and their colleagues the need of medical advice for any digestive disturbance that does not respond immediately to the usual relief measures. In such cases, he said, it also is the duty of the attending physician to insist on “complete investigation in order to make a settled diagnosis.
“It should be emphasized that a chronic gastric ulcer may become malignant," said Dr. Gray, “and it is impossible clinically and by X-ray to distinguish positively simple gastric ulcer from early cancerous ulcer. The widespread impression that a gastric ulcer cannot be malignant if improvement occurs is false."
Dr. Gray said early surgical removal of the malignant growth is the only known remedy for the disease, and there is a “deplorable tendency" by the medical profession “to await the development of I Two Million dollars a year is lost typical symptoms ascribed in text- t0 American agriculture through the books before serious consideration is depletion of the nitrogen, phosphoric given to the possibility that a malig- add and potash supply in farm nant lesion of the stomach exists." I lands due to erosion. It is estimate- mated that 63,000,000 tons of plant
49c
5c
35c
12c
6c
Macaroni,
Tapioca,
Sago,
Broken Rice Blue Rose Rice, "
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar.............
Maple Butter, large tin................
Sandwich Spread, per jar...............
National Soap Chips, large package Cassia Buds. Whole Allspice. Celery Seed.
Curry Powder and Tumeric, perpkg.......
G.M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package
M
12c
4 •
4 •
12c
4 4
4 «
6c
4 4
4 «
8c
I 4
25c
25c
•> ¦> v S	ei è ¦* .*

25c
25c
Build New Simian Isle
For Philippine Monkey
Thirty Philippine simians who can’t be kept in an ordinary cage will have a new home soon, in Seattle. Their new home will be on an island built for them, exclusively, by the government, through a WPA project.
On this Island they will have all the conveniences of a well-kept cage, plus privacy. Separated from the mainland by a 20-foot moat, they will be able to leave the glass-house atmosphere of the# surface home and retire into a basement built on the general plan of an air-raid cellar.
An imitation spring and a cascade at one side of the island will give the monkeys a home-like atmosphere, and an imitation bark wall around the moat will complete the illusion for the zoo fans. They will have two concrete trees to climb on, and one real tree, good enough for anybody’s island. Water will be eight inches deep at the island edge and two feet eight inches at the outset near the wall.
Break Up That
Tiny Railway Moneymaker
A reminder of bitter early-day intercommunity rivalry in the Big Bend wheat country, the nation's shortest independently-owned railroad, still makes money.
The Waterville Railroad company in Washington state, operating a 4% mile line between Waterville and Douglas, has never borrowed from the government, either.
The four employees run trains twice a week, except in harvest season, when the schedule is twice
UÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊKÊÊÊM
gine, tender, depot, but uses cars loaned by the Great Northern. In 1939 9,469 tons of freight were carried down to Douglas and 2,041 tons of merchandise brought back.
It all started in 1909, when the Great Northern ran a spur up the Coulee to tap bulging Big Bend granaries, but stopped at Douglas. Public-spirited Waterville citizens raised $80,000 in 10 days and “saved the town."
Passenger service was discontinued after only two passengers were carried in all of 1934, One of the 190 stockholders lives in South Africa.
5c
5c
Cold With
10c
4
4 4
4 4
4 I
ACETOPHEN
TABLETS
Three Sizes
Soil Chemistry Milestone
Modern soil chemistry and the principles of plant feeding were discovered by Justus von Liebig, of Giessen, Germany, in 1840. He pioneered the way for epochal advancements in farming methods Before Liebig’s day, the science of agronomy was still in the dark ages, the Middle West Soil Improvement Committee points out. On the basis of his discoveries, the modern fertilizer industry came into existence. The production of mixed fertilizer first began in this country in 1850. Today American farmers use nearly
tons of fertilizer annually.
The line owns its own en-
Citing several textbook _____
ments, one of them that “in 113 of food are thus removed from the soil 150 cases a tumor could be felt," Dr. each year. “The need for a more Gray said : “It is obvious that such far-reaching program of soil con-a description of the ‘general fea- servation," said a statement uf the tures* of carcinoma of the stomach Middle West Soil Improvement com-is that of advanced carcinoma, and mittee, “is illustrated by the feet in a vast majority of instances the that |ess than 60,WO,000 acres o growth in such cases will have pro- America s 360,000,000 annual crop
"TV* 2T"'
It should be emphasized again tjon for the entire country is slightly (hat there is no syndrome (univer- more than a ton per farm for the nasal) characteristic of malignant dis- ti0n’» 9.812,350 farms.
’ase of the stomach.”
Costs less than one cent a tablet
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
Que.
8.000,
iim
• HAW VILLE.
###PAGE###6###
1
They’re Undismayed by the Blitzkrieg
Seized Horses
Taught German

For BETTER desserti
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources



5M
¦
m
German soldiers and farmers are busy teaching the German language to horses requisitioned France, Poland and Belgium.
The intricacies of German grammar have been making it difficult for the Germans to handle the horses.
The Berlin Zeitung has urged drivers to use “utmost caution” in handling horses which don’t understand German, and the Nazi Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is advising drivers to spare the rod and apply patience.
À
i



Holland.
from
»
-gg
(NO. 12)	I
SMALL MOUTH BASS
More anglers seek the small I muoth black bass than are after I any other fish. In this Province I our northern lakes make an ideal I home for these fish where they find suitable conditions and plenty I of food. So, year after year, the I angler returns taking countless thousands of these fish from I Musk oka, Haliburton and other I regions. In fact, I would say I that black bass are the mainstay j. of considerable of the revenue I we receive from tourists. * I
The small mouth bass requires I clear, cool streams or lakes, not I too deep and preferably with shoals that almost reach the sur- I face. Gravel bars or rocky inlets, I protected against wind and wave I action, are necessary for spawn- I ing. The bass requires plenty of I food. There must be plenty of minnows and crawfish, .the créa- I tures that look like miniature lob- I iters. A lack in one or other of these requirements means a low yield of bass.
The spawning habits of the ! small mouth are quite different M to most other game fishes. Trout | „ or pike can be stripped, the eggs removed by the hatchery men, fertilized and the young fish raised in tanks until they reach a size suitable for planting. But this cannot be done with bass for they must be allowed to pair and the male must remain with the eggs and young bass for a considerable period.
When the waters warm in the spring the male bass clears a protected spot over gravel or small rocks. He then finds a female, drives her onto the nest where she liberates a number of eggs which he fertilizes. This is repeated until several thousand eggs are under his care. After spawning the male stations himself over the nest, slowly fanning a stream of water across the eggs. He re nains on guard until the young are ready to take their first food.
This may take several weeks and during this time the male will strike at anything that comes near his home.	#
The law rightly says that we must not fish for bass before July 1st for if we do *we will catch the males that are guarding the nests. If these are taken hungry enemies will soon eat up the eggs or young. So, the best conservation we can practise is not to go near the bass waters early in the season and to see that others do likewise.
Corn
V,



030

w\\
a
with which it could be
I
Visibility Is Vital Factor
ease
formed to curved frames. There was no more need for awkward wind-resisting angles and today the pilot’s cabin and the fuselage have become transparent stream- ~ lined affairs virtually a part of the modern “tear-drop” design. Optically clear plastic sheeting is today an essential material in aircraft construction and nowhere does it serve so vital a purpose ns in affording protection and visibility to the crews of present military airplanes.
This hard, crystal-clew substance is shipped to aircraft builders in flat sheets about one-eighth of an inch thick, where it is cut to template shape, moulded to required contours under heat treatment, and cemented into position in airplane cabins, turrets and bomb-aiming windows.



mm

China. (Britain, it said, was eager to keep Japan entangled in the Far East by supplying more war • apparatus to Chiang Kai-shek, bat was unwilling to release supplies needed for the war In the West).
Canada’s Army
In Canada, 30,000 young draftees began 30 days' military training. The Defense Department made a ruling that all land forces would be called the Canadian Army and that the term "non-permanent active militia” to describe conscripts would be discarded (the change must be confirmed by Parliament). Almost at the same moment, Colonel Ralston announced that a change would be made in the disposition of meu drawn into the army. Did this mean the idea of the "home defense force” was being abandoned in favor of sending more troops overseas?
What, No Parliament?
Parliament, scheduled to meet November 5, will adjourn immediately until a date early In January. No business will be transacted at this assembly and on Insufficient members to constitute a quorum are required to be present. Discussion of the wheat situation, the U.S.-Canadiafi defence board, the St. Lawrence seaway plans (now believed postponed), problems of Canada’s war effort, will have to wait for the New Year.
In Ontario, Premier Hepburn named Robert Laurier, nephew of the late Sir Wilfred Laurier, as Minister of Mines; and promised that no new personal income or corporation taxes, or increases in tax rates would be levied for the fiscal year beginning April 1, 1941.
In Modern Warplanes — Greatest Possible Field of Vision Is Necessary For Aviators In Combat

t


ft

In modern warplanes, ranging the skies of Europe at thrice the speeds of their last-war ancestors, visibility has become a vital factor. An enemy craft, “sitting” in clouds far above a low-flying bomber, can plummet to within machine-gun range in a few seconds. Lynx-eyed R.C.A.F. fighter, bomber and interceptor ’plane crews must therefore command the greatest possible field of vision, from pilot’s cabin and from nose, tail and top turrets.
Wind resistance per minute force. Hence protection and visibility for the pilot of today must be built right into the airplane body. The chemical industry first made this possible a few years ego by developing transparent plastics.


/

m
\
f
%

Queen Elizabeth shares a joke with Air Raid Precautions workers as the beloved ruler makes a tour of West London to inspect air raid damage. Hitler’s aerial blitzkrieg doesn’t seem to have had much effect on the morale of this group.

THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
at six miles has become a solid
VOICE
U.S., Britain, Co-Operate
In Far Eastern Situation
OF THE
PRESS
COMPETITION’S THE THING
Come to think of it,'where will the city people get red-ribbon Christmas beef if we don’t hold any winter fairs?
Britain in an historic speech before the House of Commons
Last week’s events in the Far
East furnished new evidence that the United States and Great Britain had begun to act in concert to check the plans of Germany, Italy and Japan for world domination. Step by step they could be seen working together in a series of moves that apostles-of-appeasement a few months ago would have shuddered fo contemplate.
I
f>
declared that Britain was striking back more powerfully than ever against the Axis war machine. Nevertheless he warned that the danger of invasion was ever-present massed 80 crack divisions in northern France, with enough ships to “throw half a million onto the salt water (around Britain)
Farmer’s Advocate.
0O0
\
A PREDICTION
Undoubtedly, next year, all of Ontario will be on daylight saving time, by statute of the provincial government.
Germany had

—Niagara Falls Review.
0O0
INDUSTRIES OF THE WEST
The assumption that Canada’s prairies arc almost exclusively agricultural in their production is not borne out by the latest figures available at Ottawa concerning manufacturing in Manitoba, Alberta and Saskatchewan. These point to a manufacturing production worth $279,474,000 furnishing employment for 42,314 people receiving salaries and wages amounting to $45,551,000. Western Canada may be one of the great granaries of the world, but it is also, apparently, developing from the standpoint of manufacturing.
U.S. Risks War
Things happened fast. At time of going to press, the United States had clamped an embargo on iron and steel scrap to Japan; Great Britain had declared the Burma Road re-opened; American consuls were urging their nationals in all parts of the Japanese Empire to leave for home; London was reported to be considering the evacuation of British subjects from “certain Far Eastern areas”; the Japanese navy had landed forces on Liu Kung, British-leased island off Shantung peninsula, China; the Dominion of Canada had placed a ban on export of copper to Japan; the Japs had declared they would close the Burma Road by bombing; diplomatic talks were being renewed between the U.S. and Soviet Russia; Japanese authorities were pressing French Indo-China with further demands . . .
or into it!”
Although the German Air Force kept pounding the larger cities of Britain last week (8,500 hpd been killed and 13,000 wounded since the “skyrieg” began), no one believed that the Nazis would long confine their activities solely to the Battle of Britain. Everybody was waiting to see where Hitler would strike next, following his chin-fest with Mussolini at the Brenner Pass. The war-scene was expected to shift at any moment to the Mediterranean Basin, beginning, perhaps with a German drive through the Balkans to meet the Italians in Egypt.

Ancient Cures Now Out moded
> 7
H

Old-Time English Remedy Was Uenea, the Moss From the Skull of a Man Who Had Died Violently
TRANSPARENT PLASTICS Aircraft designers were quick to seize on this new material and recognized it as the substance they had been waiting for because of Its lightness of weight and the

N
Jacques Cartier, on his voyage of exploration up the St. Lawrence River,! found his crew seriously afflicted by scurvy. The ship’s captain got into conversation with a native of the country who said he had just recovered from the same pestilence. The captain asked him what remedy he used and he told him of a tree, the leaves and sap of which would bring about the cure.
Some of the leaves of this tree were brought, boiled in the form of a tea and given to the men who promptly recovered. The tree was called the ameda tree, and was probably either sassafras or spruce. James Lind, who Introduced the practice of making all men on long voyages take lime juice or lemon juice daily to prevent scurvy, studied the account of Cartier's voyage carefully when he was making his preliminary primitive communities In the United States as a spring tonic.
Other remedies of long ago have mercifully fallen Into disuse. What our ancestors used to endure at the hands of their medical men makes us shudder today. An old time English remedy was Usnea, which was the moss taken from the skull of a man who has died a violent death. It was easy to obtain in the olden days because the bodies of criminals who were hanged were left suspended in a public square or at the crossroads as a warning to others.
Sympathy was a remedy much esteemed. The "powder of sympathy,” which was nothing more than copper sulphate, was used for healing wounds.
Rent Control Canada-Wide
Brockville Recorder & Times.
Germany Gets Rumania
The groundwork for this type of push was being prepared last week. German troops were taking over the Rumanian oilfields while British officials and nationals got ready to leave the country; Hungarian and Bulgarian troops were being schooled in blitzkrieg technique, reports said; six divisions of Italian troops were massed on the borders of Greece. A blockade of Greece was rapidly being put Into effect by the Nazis, to prevent the British navy from using Greek bases for refuelling purpooses.
Out of the question, apparently, for the time being was a push by Germany through the Bosporus or the Dardanelles, across Turkey to the Near East. The Turks were naturally opposing such a move and were backed up in their attitude by Soviet Russia, with whom Nazi diplomats continued to bargain furiously.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Government Has Appointed An Administrator to Investigate Complaints and Supervise Housing Rentals


/yy/7
9,
A Showdown, Now
That the United States would enter the world war via the Pacific was seen as an ever-increasing possibility. Washington, of course, hoped to break the power of Japan by measures “short of war”, but was risking the real thing, nevertheless. Commenting on the situation, U.S. Rear-Admiral Harry E. Yarneli, retired, declared :
Navy now is equal to anything in the Pacific, and the British can be depended upon to take care of the Atlantic ... We may be better prepared for a showdown with Japan now while she is bogged down in China, than we will be six years from now . . when the two-ocean navy is completed.”
Next American moves forecast were, progressively; an embargo on shipments of oil to Japan, arranged with the co-operation of the Netherlands Indies and Mexico; closing of U.S. markets to Japan
etc.; blockade of Japan in the Pacific.
%
'
A Dominion-wide program of rent control and appointment of an administrator with absolute powers have been announced by Hector B. McKinnon, chairman of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board.
Mr. McKinnon’s board recently was given power to control rents after complaints had been received that they were being unduly raised at certain points where the war has brought an influx of new residents to fill various new Jobs.
“A scheme of rent control is being worked out applicable to all parts of Canada,” Mr. McKinnon explained last week.
The board chairman said time had to be taken for planning rent supervision because it had been found "that the problem of rent control is shot through with fine legal points posing a great equation between tenant and landlord.”
Points from which complaints have been received include Ottawa, Kingston, Halifax and Vancouver.

#

f

t C-.2
»
9
A
z////
G
e*
9,
K
m


United States
"The
A *

1
Everybody After Russia
"Time,” October 7, said: "Russia, long the most hated nation in the world, became by virtue of the Jap-Ax is treaty the most sought-after power in the world.” Last week her favor was being courted not only by Germany and Japan, the U. S., but also by Britain who gave evidence of wishing to resume trade parleys. A despatch from London to the New York Times told the story that Britain had offered to increase its trade with Russia in the hope of enlisting Joseph Stalin's support in the new campaign to increase the flow of arms to

Z
Z/
%
\
i
I
J,
Z

%
\
refusal to buy raw silk,

//

/
Needed A Duck
Rather Than Boy
%
"Don’t Forget Invasion” Referring to the aid being received from “the New World”, Prime Minister Churchill of Great
“Whaddya mean 1 stole the election ... 1 paid cash for it,
didn’t I?!!"
A writer in the Toronto Daily Star tells this evacuee story:	A
small war guest in Toronto, not too used to baths, submitted in silence as his hostess bathed him twice a day, but it seemed a bit thick. Finally, one day, in an exuberant* of spirits, as she bathed the little lad, she exclaimed, “My but I wish I had a little boy like you.” Quick as a flash, he repied, “What you want is not a boy, lady, but a ruddy duck.”
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS - What a Baby!
r.

t

¦¦
OH, HO/ YOU CANY TAKE A KITTEN NOW# PINHEAD k THEY'RE TOO YOU HQ r H TO LEAVE THEIR /
lh HOVMEA/-Jn|
TELL ME,»AGGIE, HOW OLD A BABY GRAND

3
- PIANO
HASTA BE BEFORE IT CAN LEAVE ITS
_ HOTKK* ? /
I
&

i *
0
r I

I


/

THIS
Double Trouble
1 •/
BEAUTIFUL
gorgeous
magnificent
PIANO
ONLY $12^58
r#

I

I
SO

Edward Green of Boston, owner of two automobiles, kindly did s favor for his friend James O’Donnell by lending one of his cars. Shortly afterward, as Green was out driving one day, an automobile crashed into his. It was O’Donnell, at the wheel of Green’s other car.

a
\

i:
1
n

X
\
1/
it M


<
* l

Syene,
V '

###PAGE###7###
T
that he might have found his way back there.
For that very reason the blank finality of Curly’s news about Lawson seemed crueller and harder to comprehend.
He saw that she wanted only to be alone, and he left her. She could hear him riding down to the mouth of Turkey Gulch, and then it was quiet again. She hurried toward her horse.
A HUMAN HAND
As she mounted, her little first aid kit bumped uselessly against her side. She had packed it so carefully, restoratives, matches for a fire, a tin of broth, fresh eveiy day. In one pocket was a flashlight for dark places, in another a policeman’s whistle to call help to Lee. Futile little toys! She gave Black Lightning his head, riding blindly.
The ragged scar of the Bonanza came into view, and Virginia remembered Joey, searching patiently and futilely for evidence in the loneliness cf the old tun-
T

F
NATURAL GQ-TÔÔETHERS/
A
A

TREAT YOURSELF DAILY
TO DOUBLEMINT
GUM-healthful,
REFRESHING AND DELICIOUS
m
L
¦
B

m
i-#W
><•

K
L

\

S

£
I

S

Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
#
4^

MORE ABOUT GRAPES
I am sure everyone is enjoying the glorious Autumn weather which we are having. What a wonderful study of art these days is presented to us, as summer says farewell. How beautiful the various types of grapes blend with the autumn leaves of every hue!
Plan to can in some way as many grapes as possible. They are so rich in minerals and vitamins, which give them a definite place in protective and nutritive diets.
They have quite a wonderful history, so ancient too, which always gives them an extra charm. History tells us thousands of
the Romans cultivated national health
a

*
#
*t
pu
«
t «

% tn-z
"%
J**:


bandages, idodine,

»,

c

0

#
NK
»


::
4
883
mm- .




%



mat
m
s

mm





#
£l/K£ S
l
n

9
à


a
Mk




the box canyon, hugging the rock wall.
HILLS of DESTINY
tv
He recalled feeling something stiff in an inside pocket of. his coat a; he had swung himself over the edge of the cave floor.
The paper that he drew out was puzzling. It was a neatly folded*, legal .looking document, with printing on the back and a single word standing out boldly: DEED. Other words caught his "Matthew Blair”
nel.
CT-31
She snapped on the flash ns soon as she had gone a little way
Chewing healthful, refreshing-Wrigley's Doublemint Gum helps keep your teeth clean, bright and attractive, your throat cool and moist—its delicious Javor assures pleasant breath. Enjoy it daily !
years ago grapes for and economy. They even ascribe the introduction of grapes to a god named by the Romans T* Bacchus, by the Greek’s Dionysius, the Egyptian Crisis and the Hebrews believed it was brought to their land by Noah.
by Agnes Louise Provost
in.
The pencil of white light flickered over rock walls and rubble-strewn floor, but there was no sign of Joey.
Just ahead there was a darkly looming bulk which must mark the spot where the big cave-in blocked all further ingress to the The white beam danced
splash of blood on his shirt when he had returned in the early morning, to flee at the sight of those riding men. He wove his coat buttoned now to cover the stain.
Synopsis
Lee Hollister returns unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, his foster father and of the Circle V ranch, dead
6tr SOM TOOA Y!
"Lee
eye — Hollister.”
owner
by his own hand. The ranch is going to ruin and Matt’s daughter, Virginia, .low owner of the ranch is living in New York with the Archers,
Her uncle wants her to spll the ranch to Milton Bradish, one time Matt’s associate. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompanied by Stanley,
Milton Bradish. Stanley tries to discredit Lee in Virginia’s eyes. One evening, Josef* Ramirez, who ia jealous of Lee’s interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and throws herself into his arms just Virginia rides past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josef, and is •hot from ambush. Virginia be-jealous of Lee and sells
Grape Juice I
Wash grapes removing stems; place in preserving kettle and for every 8 quarts of grapes use 1 pint of water. Boil for 20 minutes stirring frequently. Pour mixture into a jelly bag and let drip over night. For every pint of juice use % pint of sugar. Place juice and sugar in kettle, skimming often. When it reaches boiling point place in cellars and screw tgihtly. Store in cool, dry place.
Grape Juice II
Beneath the word Hollister was the blurred imprint of a bloody thumb.
mine.
along the face of the slide. Earth, stones, rubble. It switched down, up, jerked suddenly and came back, searching wildly. Protruding stiffly from the piled earth and stone, gaunt and torn, blood-crusted and earth stained, motionless, was a human hand.
Yesterday that hand had not been there !
THE SLEEPING MAN
Presently Slanty went to where Lawler lay and put a hand on his shoulder as if to shake him awake. The sleeping man did not stir. From a hiding place inside his shirt Slanty took out a folded paper and slipped it cautiously into Lawler’s inner pocket. Then he arose lightly and went to the crevice that served them as a doorway.
Morning sunshine brightened the secretive little canyon. Down there two horses were picketed, well hidden from any casual eye, but only one of them was fit fot travel. Lawler had ridden his horse lame on Wednesday night, and the foot was getting bad.
But Slanty knew that Lawler did not. There were two other horses not far away in a hidden corral. Slanty had more than once found it expedient to change mounts quickly.
When Lawler awoke, hours later, the sun was slanty westward and Slanty apparently was asleep. Lawler came softly to his feet and edged toward the narrow exit. With a quick glance over his shoulder, he let him down.
Leading the fresh horse, Lawler picked his stealthy way out of
Three Miles Down
THE SEARCH IS OVER Panic swept over Lawler. Fire and slaughtered cattle, and in his
the blood - smeared
her aunt and uncle.
Deepest hole in the world is said to be an oil well of the Continental Oil Company in the San Joaquin Valley near Wasco, California, nearly 3 miles deep.
possession property of a murdered man. What little head Lawler had, he Cursing Slanty Gano and
lost.
his horse, he mounted hastily and bolted for deeper shelter.
As he rode he caught sight of a dozen men pounding along behind him. He crouched low over his horse’s neck, cursing. All he could do now was to ride. Then the grade dropped suddenly. There was a lurch and a stumble. The horse went down and lay there. Lawler was flung free and staggered to his feet. He ran like a panic-stricken animal.
A few moments later the foremost of his pursuers flung themselves off their horses and looked down. Many feet below them a human fly clung to a rock wall. One man drew a gun.
"Hold on! He won’t get away. He’s done for!” They watched him fall, turning, swooping, head down.	*
They stepped "back and looked at one another. One of the young deputies spoke.
“It looks as if that settled it, boys. An innocent man don’t take • a chance like that. Where’s that white thing he dropped?”
Someone found it in a clump of scrub. They crowded together lookirg at a blood-stained deed, and exchanged hard glances.
“No doubt about it now,” said the young deputy slowly, search is over.”
•on of
(To be continued)
Far More People Have Blue Eyes
t
X
Grapes
Sugar	/
Boiling Water
Wash grapes, remove stems, place in sterile jars. For every cupful of grape juice use % cup sugar. Fill the jars with grapes and sugar alterately. Then pour in boiling water until overflowing. Place on tops, screw tightly, store in cool place. This juice is best strained before serving.
Grape Jelly
/
am
as
%
Dark-eyed Men are in the Minority—Napoleon had Blue Eyes; so has PresidentPoose-evelt
(1
comes
the ranch to Milton Bradish. Lee
to Virginia and she is
Lee
Si
% m
3

proposes
sorry she sold the ranch, tries to get it back and tells Bradish that Matt Blair gave him a half interest in it, making Virginia’s sale illegal. Lee disappears and a search is begun for him.



Statistics show that there are in any case far more blue-eyed people In the world than brown. Medically, the colour of the eyes denotes little; size and setting a fl deal. Available figures indicate that the colour of the eyes cannot determine strength or weakness of sight.
Delving into historical records, It Is possible to produce examples of both blue and brown-eyed leaders of men. For Instance, if blue eyes are being backed, Napoleon (contrary to general Ideas that a Corsican must be dark), Wellington, and Drake all had blue eyes; so had Kitchener. Winston Churchill has blue eyes and so has President Roosevelt.
HITLER, TOO
Line up the brown eyes and there are Gladstone and Disraeli, Beatty and Abraham Lincoln. And when bringing tho dictators Into the discussion, there’s Hitler with vivid blue eyes and Joe Stalin with dark brown.
SB»*


Grapes
Sugar
Water
For every pint of grapes use % pt. sugar. Prepare grapes as for Juice Number One. Measure juice and use above proportions. Let juice boil ten minutes before adding sugar, then ten minutes longer
Place in jelly glasses and seal.
4?
g

CHAPTER XXlV
Long hours of hiding had not improved Slanty Gano’s temper, and Lawler also was visibly soured. He was stretcehd out indolently, half sitting, half sprawling, just inside of a narrow crevice some forty feet above the floor of a secluded little box canyon. It was a perfect hideout.
NAVE YOU
EVE* MADE
BUTTERSCOTCH BISCUITS f,
• It’e one of the amazingly delightful recipes given in this new Recipe Book
. created by Mrs. H. M. Aitken, Famous Cooking Authority . . . and issued by the Canada Starch Home Service Department.
Here’s a real gold mine of the simplest, most delicious recipes for Hot Bread* Cookies, Biscuits, Meats, Fish and many other types of foods. Write now for this FREE Recipe Book. Send your request with a label from any Canada Stardl product, to Canada Starch Home Service^ Dept. 3IV, 49 Wellington St E.,Toronto^'
watch for Jelly test.
“52 Baking Secrets”
• • •
• e
BASIC DRESS WITH NEW SLIM SILHOUETTE
Mise Chambers welcomes per sonal letters from interested readers. She it pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to lis* ten to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham ers,
Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
From where he lay on a pile of boughs, Slanty sent a jeering taunt at his fellow fugitive.
“Ye talk big, but 1 notice ye keep on sulkin’. The Circle V boys has found out that ye set that fire.”
“It wouldn’t have done nothin* but burn off some grazin’ if the wind hadn’t freshed up,” retorted Lawler sullenly, there’s tfro of us sulkin’. It’s you them boys are after. You’ve done for Lee Hollister. Didn’t ! hear what they said, passin’ not twenty feet away from us—”
“Maybe you’ll remember that
mentioned as well
m
'a?
“The

4t
V
73 West Adelaide Street,

Each day Virginia had stopped for a little while at Lee’s empty cabin, opening the door with_ the persisting, unreasonable hope
For BoHor Cooking Ronuht imitt oe
CROWN BRAND CORN SYR

THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITEE
“And I notice

2 GRAND WAYSTO imSSMBm
i
/
I
yroe name was as mne.” Slanty arose deliberately and faced his partner with a hard stare. “Where was ye Wednesday night, ,Lawler? Got an alibi?”
Slanty’s voice was menacing, his head was thrust forward and his eyes bored into the stupidly staring ones of his slower witted
FOR BREAKFAST-CRISP CEREAL OR
CRUNCHY MUFFINS OF KSfj/fSf ALL- BRAN
X
HI
lr



ne
m
w
m
%

:%

companion.
“Better get your own snarled Lawler, hut his voice was uncertain. Sticking doggedly to his one idea of ingratiating himself with Milton Bradish by piling up discouraging losses on the present owner of the Circle V, he had spent the night cutting out a bunch of Virginia’s cattle and wantonly slaughtering them in a remote coulee. There In 1 been a

alibi,”

1



L

â

-

¦v/X-V
m

n:
m.
Ü
1
3438
ii
*

1
Slits 12-40

HaV
°*<t>
'Vlfll

<UlT.
By LOUISE LENNOX
The newest,\ smartest style of
is the slim silhouette.
^ WIN4WAR
S««A,
u.
an0
«ait

M'

the season Here it is in a simple and sophisticated frock for important afternoons this fall. Pleats in the center front of the skirt emphasize that important long, narrow look, at the same time affording plenty cf “give” to the skirt without distracting from its slim Your hips are sleek and shoulders only "mod-
aczented by

4

•:
X ,
°’ 'h'X


• •




8
%
ici*
x cup

TTXvW
S STAMPS

As1 your grocer
• Crispy All-Bran, with sugar and cream ¦ made into golden-brown, delicious muffins!
Either way, it's tops for taste, and may bey ust what you've been needing. For Kellogg's All-Bran gets at the usual cause of common constipation—lack of “bulk” in the diet. All-Bran not only supplies this needed bulk, but also the intestinal tonic vitamin B,. So instead of dosing yourself with “remedies", start the day right with Kellogg’s All-Bran (as a cereal or in muffins) for breakfast every morning. See how easy “keeping regular1/ can be! Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.
"Serve by Seving! Buy Wmr Smvinge Certificates "
O#*
3*
lines.
narrow, yovr erately broad, and distinctive curving yokes. This is the ideal background dress for your favorite new accessor.es.
Style No. 3438 is designed for sizes 1&, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40. Size 16 requires 3 Vi yards of 30-inch material.
Send twenty cents (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louie Lennox, room 421, 73 West Adelaide &k, Toronto. Write plainly your ne ne. add reft and style
number. Be
wish.

get your OUNCE OF PREVENTION
EVERY DAY
ISSUE 42—40
vie to state size you
H

/

###PAGE###8###

I

Farm Fop Sale
You are invited to see the new Gilson Washing Machines at Clifford Cone’s, Ceatre St., Shawville, Que.
Chicken Supper—A chicken supper will be held at Murrell’s Community Hall on Thursday
evening, October 24th, under the	, „ „	_	_
auspices of the United Ladies Aid. | Rev A. i. Fokes B. A., B.D. PA3tor A drawing for a quilt will be held Admission, 35 and 15 cents
>
Service Announcement
New Fall Suits
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 100 acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and terms apply to
Shawville United Church
Tops in style, fancy shades of greens, browns, blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all with two trousers........... $25.00 and $30.00

Sunday. October 27
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p in.—Service at Stark s Corners
Look Here
\
J. H. HORNER,
Sand Hay, Shawville, Que

Birthday Party
Mrs. Preston Hodgins entertained informally at her home on Sat urday afternoon in honor of her daughter, Miss Marjorie Ruth, who celebrated her 6th birthday,
About twenty guests attended and Miss Hodgins was the recipient of many beautiful and’ useful gifts
Mrs. Hodgins was assisted in I where serving by the Misses Jean Work man and Joy McGuire.
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
Phone 22 6
New Fall Hats
At morning and afternoon appoint mente, there will be Communion Ser
u^ssagc on
Farm For Sale
$
c>
vice with a brief m from Heaven.”
The Bread
Latest Shades and Styles
$1.95 to $2.95
Wanted—A good boy to help with chores through the winter. Apply to R. J. OuTHuertsott.
I
Well improved farm all cleared and fenced, clay loam, all in hay. Fair
buildings. Will sell on very easy terms.
For Sale-One 8 horse power engine Apply to and one saw carriage in excellent con- * dition, Cattle taken as payment. Apply to Kenneth Pirie,
7.30 p m.—Service at Shawville

Forsyth Dress Shirts
$1.65
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
$2.25
An important sermon by the fastor on‘"Fifth Columnist at Work Every-

m.
PETER WILSON,
Cobden, Ont
Coloured Stripes and White
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrong-Saleh B, D
x	Sunday, October 27
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Sunday School Service at
Sunday School Service at
For Service—Yorkshire purebred hog.	^	a.
Apply to Russell Elliott, Charteris. | ^ RPD1 -P OF o£U6 Or JctOllt Photie 30—31
Annual Fall Rally United Y.P.U s at Campbell's Bay
The best shirt on the market
-------------------------------- Two hundred and fifty acres of land,
LOST—Between Bristol Corners and more or le8a* on lhc seventh line of the Elliot Pump Factory a double Iron Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. 2.00 I Pulley. Finder please call Roy Elliott One hundred acres in bush. For further lteward offered.	particulars apply to
10.00
11.00
#e

The Annual Fall Rally of the United Y. P. Us. of Pontiac is be in* held in the Town Hall at Campbell's Bay on Friday, October 25th, at 8.00 p. m. A tine pro-1 Austin gram of worship, addresses récréa-1	«*
tion and refreshments is being prepared. Rev. D. E. Spencer, of | Sermon Subject Cobden, is to be the guest speaker, and there will be present a nutu her of the Presbytery Officers from Ottawa.
Cars are leaving the Shawville United Church at 7.00 p. m. to attend the Rally and all young people are invited to take in this enjoyable gathering.

:
McGregor Hose
Knox
3.00
X
EDWARD H. MEE, Shawville, Que
10.30
FOR SALE—One Short Horn Bui Calf 7 3Q and two Shoit Horn Heifers, all red. anb eligible for registration. Apply to Hulbert Armstrong,'Box 99, Shawville Que.
Specially Priced at
50cts.
$ i
Farms For Sale or Rent
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
The Things Men Live By
Three good farms for sale or rent,
fairly good buildings, lots of water on
each place, light and heavy land six
miles from Quyon, good gravel road,
close to school and church ; also good
WANTED—Good reliable girl. Good I mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to wages offered. Apply at once to Mrs C. W. Hodgins, 50 Mount Joy Street Timmins, Ont.
WANTED—An experienced maid, aged 30 years or over, to do general housework. Apply to Mrs. C. F. C ville. Phone 17.
ë
ANGLICAN
Sunday, October 27 St Paul’s
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
2.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
Powles, Shaw
8 i

s
MR. P. J. DOLAN,
R. II. No. 3, Quyon, Que
Hi
Blue Stamp Plan Helps
Sale of Fatal Products
“One important agricultural aspect of the food stamp plan deserves emphasis Wallace
WANTED— A good farm, fair size, suitable for mixed farming. Apply to Wilfred Laugh hen, Charter! #, Que.
N i
DALE’S TINSHOP
Pulpwood Wanted

f
CHRISTMAS CARDS-Be sure and order your Christmas Cards early. Per-, sonal and boxed assortments from $1.00 peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood,
tiK;!dsZPwvii,?et.e,0Ur °rder’ Kay J F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railway,.
or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
I am prepared to purchase green of
says Secretary By making the blue stamps good only for the 12 or 15
surplus commodities which are in North Clarendon Parish
îLMï	*"•K «»"-¦
dinarily high consumption of those	Sunday, October 27
products is brought about, consid- N. Onslow, Morning Prayer, ering the income of the families us- Thorne Centre, Children’s Set vice, 2*30 ing the stamps. This would not be Charteris,	Evening Prayer, 7.00
the case if the blue stamps good for all of the several hundred items in a grocery store.
“A leading poultry publication recently made a survey of egg consumption under the stamp plan in Springfield, 111
consumption of eggs, among families I canyon by onrvshing flood waters using the stamps, increased 560 per and when death appeared certain cent after the program was inaugu- sent up a desperate prayer to the rated. This is about the same per- gods. Their answer was a rain-centage indicated by our own stud- bow, up which the supplicant Such an astounding result is climbed to safety. To perpetuate possible because the blue stamps the miracle the gods transformed narrow purchases to the relatively the rainbow into stone, few surplus products which are most That's the way the Indians ex-burdensome from a farmer’s stand- plain the Rainbow Natural bridge, point. Those using the stamps, which arches its pink sandstone per-however, have a much more ade- faction across Bridge canyon in quate and a much more varied diet southern Utah, a mile or two north than it was possible to make avail- of the Arizona border able through distribution from com- more prosaically, attribute it to ero modify depots. The effect of such I sion..
—	I an increase in consumption upon 1° any case, it is the largest nat-
Silas Sparling, a resident of farm income will become apparent oral bridge in the world, 309 feet i q np .	, .
Campbell’s Bay of the past 18 as the program expands.’1	high and 278 feet from pier to pier. ,	volombia Republic
After a lengthy illness, Joan years, died Wednesday Oct. 16th at	______._____	The great white father has it in	Has Valuable RMnnrroc
Eleanor Kenny, youngest da tight- hislate residence following an ill I	- charge as a national monument, to I rp, D ...	, _	ccs ,
er of Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. Kenny, ness of seven weeks. He was in Snake Charmers Use	preserve its natural beauty for all I *he KePubIlc of Colombia ranks | Phone 1121
died at her home at Fort Coulonge oLnd year. Born in Thorne,	>.	n	time. To date, that hasn’t been i " . in size amon8 Latin-American
on Wednesday. She was 13 years |l son of Mrs. Sparling and the	most Dangerous Snakes much of a task, as only about 3,000 I natlons» and is the only country
of age. Surving in addition to her !«te Mr, John Sparling, lie resided There is in Burma, at a little place Persons have been there since the the southern continent whose shores parents, are four brothers, Clif- |u in orne the greater part of his called Popa, a strange family of span was discovered 30 years ago. are washcd by bolh the Atlantic
ford, Arthur, and Norman, at ,,r®;	. .	snake charmers. They scorn all or- The records show that an Indian led and Pacific oceans, says a study is- v Habt-Parb Tractor — 12 24 H,P.
EEÂ>v--dV'	%%%%:! si.1'*m	b,oet
lESïtSFÉ
urday at 2 30 p m standard time ters, Mrs. Thomas Cole, North Hay; d.°ls not, fear man* attacks on feat of exploration to reach it.	Miner of the Columbia university dee	"	Mrs. Charles Bnrwell, Grey, Sask.; Slght and owing to its great size and	______ partirent of history. ,,r™
Mrs. Jack Daly, Wilcox, Sask ; and strength, cannot easily be killed or	silver mines of Antioquia and Cauca
Mrs. Mahlon Craig, Abbey. Sask , evaded. Its bite, like that of all the Woman Teaches Navigation . rivaled those of Peru in the
and three brothers, Richmond, cobras, is certain death; and yet Shades of Bowditch and the im- turies of Spanish dominion and are One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm Island, died Thursday, Oct. 17th,	7h,ch J™? ,very poison bags from their charges. being taught navigation by a worn- known to be plentiful. From the lhc 5lh Kangc of Clarendon.
fWoïmerhM«ry Anne Sneÿ^prï ^ry	case may	^	" **	of'thedas^s Miss ™tef 1are„ wc” Copied ,o «he grow
deceased him in 1938.	»f J’	lbbea,^,s	When a snake hunt is on, the Florence Miles, and she didn’t learn I n?.° ccffcc» bananas, meize
Surviving are six daughters,	V,	T K*™?9 ^eil, He- ieader goes to a place where snakes all of her seamanship out of books, j COlton and sugar cane. A fairly re-
A-âssa.- - “BSSi sSSSSr	SErËSS-a
Mrs. W. F. Pritchard, the seertary,	chanical vegetable “tasters” were	rule-of-thumb knowledge of naviga-	I This count is a small bit of
assisting.	exhibited to more than 1,000 western	tion and with a desire to learn all	astounding final picture of the fron-
A good attendance of members	Washington farmers attending the	of its fine points. She took a course	tiers of tbe universe as seen by the
and visitors were present.	second annual field day of the west-	taught by Prof. Raymond F. Far-	100-inch telescope at Mount Wilson,
mi	.	,.	I nr	i	.	I Legislation, being tbe topic, tbe	era Washington experiment station	well at the University of Washing-	^alif.
The	death occurred XV ednesday j roll call was answered by "A law I	in Puyallup Wash	ton.	Dr. Edwin Hubble, the Carnegie
mis hffil Ipli
Surviving are her husband; one House of Windsor, ' “The Version lhough results of the experiment are unto themselves for centuries. Be- * wnue ine su.n 13 an average daughter, Mrs. Harry Broxvnlee, I of ‘O Canada”, “History in tin ^ady for publication, research- ing exempt from import duties, they	many are larger. Allowing
of Schumacher; two sons, William ' Making" and “Sewing Hints,” ers explained that early studies of find it cheaper to buy from the Unit-	Stl1 ,es4an aImost inC., of Ottawa, and Donald, of i Hed Cross work was dLfiisuHM I the new process already indicate I pH stntp« thp .^nn tnne	^edible excess of stars over the
total human beings living.
This now visible part of the uni/erse is a sphere, about 1,000 mil-ion light years across. Earth appears to lie about at the center. It _	_ iesina collection of stars known
vided by the Bank of Greece in , ts the Milky Way which floats Ukt g Athens.	kerm of bees in apace,	^
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
» &

a
BOR RALE—Three litters of Yorkshire
Apply to Shawville.

Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
pigs, for immediate deliver
_____Harold Hodgins, R. R.
10.30 Phone *20—18.
I
u

Ul
Phone 76
FOR SALE—Pa.r Belgian Colts, rising two years ; one general purpose, rising three years, will exchange for cattle. Apply to Clifford Horner, R. R. No. 1, Shawville. Phone 15—16.
Strayed
4,
were
A
IS
On to the premises of the undersign ed about Oct 1st, one aged brown mare. Owner i
Rainbow Bridge in Utah
Is the World’s Largest
Ages ago, the legend runs, an Lilt found that the I dian brave was trapped in a narrow
A
may have same by proving
FOR SALE-Pair Belgian Colts, rising I Property and paying expencefl incurred. 3 and 4 years ; cattle taken in exchange.
Apply to A. A. Rose, R. R. 2, Shawville, Phone 36—5 Phone 2*2—25.

Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked over.
ERIC BROWN, Campbell’s Bay Quo
)
J
;
Bush Lots For Sale
FOR SALE — One General Purpose Mare Foal.
R. R. No. 1 15-19.

Apply to Kenneth Smiley Shawville, Que. Phone
Offers will be received frr south half of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the Town-snip of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. A good stand of timber and wood.
Apply to
les
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec
>
rf ««

Cemetery Donations
-
W. F. PRITCHARD,
Wyman, Que
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with thanks, the following dentitions;—
Shawville Women’s Institute. $50 00
f
4

Scientists
t
Wanted
Deaths
Silas Sparling
Seretary Manager for Shawville Cooperative Hatchery. For full particulars apply to .
Joan Eleanor Kenney
l
norval kilgour
Presideut Shawville, Que
j

on
Tractor For Sale

The gold and
Farm For Sale
Charles Toner
cen
-
s
Apply to
BKN YOUNG, Shawville, Que,
ma
Soil and cli
Farm For Sale or Rent
cacao
75
an
Mrs. James Sylvester
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Serv’ce
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
n a new method* of curing hay. Al- ¦
though results	of the experiment are	unto themselves for centuries.	Be
History	in	tb	I	not	ready f°r	publication, research-	ing exempt from import duties,	they
ers	explained	that early studies of	find it cheaper to buy from the	Unit-
wa* di^ensHHi	|	the	new process already indicate	| ed States the 300 tons of flour	they
“ ' J	consume annually rather than pur-
chase their supply in the home market. The flour is imported by means of special permits, while the necessary foreign exchange is pro-
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Sclmmachei. There are also eight And more material ordered.	I success,
grandchildren.	1 . An interesting quiz on the *u*» I The mechanical vegetable “tast-
The funeral was held from the lec*t “Legislation” brought th er" was demonstrated in the frozen late borne to Bristol Mines Angli program to a close.	foods laboratories in connection with
!EIEEE™*
J. P. Wilson
l
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
