###PAGE###1###
No 46, 56th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
MAY 11,	19:19
91.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United eta tee
1
Meeting of Shawviile Tennis Club
The Shawviile Tennis . Club will hold a meeting in the High School on Wednesday evening, May 10th, nt 7.00 o’clock sharp.. All interested are urgently requested to be present.
BORN
Wilson— At Shawviile Community Hospital on Wednesday, May 3rd. 1939, to Mr. and Mia. Harvey Wilson, of Stark's Corners, a son.
Lucas—At Shawviile Community Hospital on Friday, May 5th, 1989, to Mr and Mrs. Russell Lucas of Bristol Ridge, Que., (nee Opal Judd), a daughter— Gail Marie.
Shawviile Hardware
Sutlers Sag
Srntbay. Say 1411?
Clean up Time
- - is - -
Paint up Time
A Mother’s love—bow sweet the name I What is a Mothers love?
The noblest, purest, tenderest flame That kindles from above Within a heart of earthly mold
As much of heaven ns earth can hold Nor through eternity grows cold :
This ie a Mother’s love.
On Sunday, May 14th, our Dominion will commemorate Mother’s Day, a day set aside to be one wherein mankind should pay his tribute of grateful affection to the Mother who bore him and to dedicate himself anew to those ideals she set before him that a nation may well be judged by the measure of respect it accords its women, and the worth of a man may be rightly appraised by his attitude towards his mother, from whose teachings and example, have been formed the corner-stone of his character.
May Pole Planted In Ioe at Norway Bay
A noteworthy incident occurred at Norway Bay on Monday, May 1st, when a May Pole was planted in the ice by Mrs. W. J. Murray and Mrs. J. M Bailey, assisted by Ronald and Louise Bailey and Mrs. M. R. Bailey.
A flag, 4x10 feet, was hoisted on the 15 foot pole and looked quite majestic waving over the ice.
This is the first time such an incident has occurred at the Bay, and, no doubt, it will go down in history and may never be repeated again.
Those taking part in this unusual function felt just as proud am did Commander Byrd, when he hoisted his flags at the South and North Poles.
ENGAGEMENT
Ca m eron— M arse all
The engagement is announced of Miss Helen Catherine Cameron, daughter of the late Dr. and Mrs. William A. Cameron, of Arnprior, and granddaughter of the late Hon. and Mrs. George Bryson, of Fort Coulonge, to Mr. Thomas Henry Marshall, B A , son of Mr Thomas Marshall, ex-ML A , and the late Mrs. Marshall, of Dunn-
The marriage will take place at Fort Coulonge the latter part of June.

8. W. P. Brand,
Family Brand,
Mar-Not Floor Enamel,
Semi-Luster Enamel,
• Wagon & Implement,
Varnish, Paint Oil, Lead, Dry Colours
Paint Brushes
$1.20 per quart
1.00 “
1.35 “
1.50 “
1.40 "
44
Il
ii
It has been maid,
u
ville
lany
On Sunday, whether with tender fingers of memory, $ I *dward Gibson
SU»«lll	1UUUM I «	mOTwbe'lkî it	wb°to *2	} LSin'ïw.'Tlrid.tiî’toopw"; '
rLxSHZf/'S !	œôïïsïïri starts	I
noon, May 8th, with the president, %	that our own dear mothers, received the heavenly	§ May 1st, and was largely attended.
3»H=TE	Krrr^jassr-ESSwS
The minutes of last meeting f	g Curry.
'y?/e»Cead	secretary, Mrs.I	The service was conducted by
A If. Draper, and approved.	¦¦ -......- ¦	¦	, pastor, Rev M. C. Pritchard,
™i&Jïo?X§ïL K?.,"	«BWNALMB.T10N V P „ PU,	W%.KÜi.IcbZb°'t
mmmwrnm
interesting paper on “Current town and vicinity.	stabiue of Hiokey poodle Town” Gibson and his wife, Frances
Evente.	_	I Mrs. Ed. Finmgan, of North	will be held in the Shawviile	Flood. He was born in Cobden,
Hostesses were :—Mrs.	John	R. Bay» visited her relatives here	Theatre, on Thursday and Friday,	Ont, 74 years ago.
McDowell and Mrs. B	O	Horner.	|during the past week.	May 11th and 12th. Orchestra	Left to mourn his loss are his
Mr. and Mrs. Claude Horner, of	begins at 8 00 p.m. sharp. Popular	wife, the former Elizabeth Jane
Noranda, visited their relatives	P^ces : 25 and 15 cents. The cast	Craig ; one son Silas Gibson, Camp
of i>0 are trying to make this the bell's Bay ; one daughter, Mrs. best of their many successes. George Pitt. Grand Calumet : five Don t mbs it.	brothers, William Gibson, Wash-
ington, D C ; Silas Gibson, Toms-
aussa»»»*^*	psgip
5X:L.irdî«.n?«-d,*fcs?*bss“ra ,n -- -d*• s?"ïs“s,æ„°»d^Th.^	«,
Bf-'b-ti? of SSrîS «r, Wm. KbWricb, of Ott.	" '
houses, but those that do are ob-1 wa* was a week-end guest of her	; • I The regular monthly meeting of
jected to strenuously. Every parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L	?	”	the W. M. S. of St. Andrew’s,Unit*
dwelling in Canada is subject to Hudgins.	National Day of Worship	ed Church, Bristol, was held in the
infestation by these creatures.	Miss. Lorraine Fokes, nurse in- - , .. Cee .   A	I Manse, on Wednesday afternoon,
The well-known housefly found training at Ottawa Civic Hospital, Set ior Sunday, May 21st	| May 3rd.
in all parts of the world spreads spent Saturday with her patents,	—	Mrs. XV. J. Murray, president,
pathogenic organisms by carrying Rev. A. F. and Mrs. Fokes.	Blinda v Mav2lat lm* h*»«n fU.u was in the chair, assisted by Mrs.
these on the hairs or other extein-1 Mr. ftnd Mrs. U. D. Wilson, of nuted as a National Day of Wor H^- Walsh, the secretary.
«I mirfacea of their bodies to hu Kemptville, Ont, were Sunday ?hip in churches of all briefs and . The meeting opened by singing man foodstuffs, including liquids, I gUest8 of the former’s mother, Mrs. denominations in Canadi, since it iiymP	Lord of Heaven and
that measures should be taken to Mrs. John E-tdes, who spent the bolding another meeting this week “Bring Thy Gift to the Altar.” exclude the housefly from dwell-1 Winter months with her daughter, fco decide on * uniform «JLvir-J The minutes of the last meeting ings and prevent it from contain- Mrs. Archie McLean, at St. Gath- which will be eouhIIv Trent Jw! were read by Mrs H H. Walsh, inating food,	erine», Ont, returned to her home t0 ftii The Service who^fnrm ^ was decided on the motion of
Clothes moths and carpet beetles last week.	| W|U be drafted this week will be Mrs. H* ^ Voung seconded by
left undisturbed for long periods, and children returned from De-	---- gave a report uf the Easter Thank
particularly during the summer, troit last week to take up re si-1 __	,	Offering.
in cupboards, attics, trunks and dence on their farm in Clarendon, Brl9t0‘ Womans	The Roll Gall was answered with
other receptacles, unless precan I purchased several years ago from Association	a Scripture verse beginning with .
tions are taken to protect them. Mr. Wm. Adam Hodgins.	—	“M ’ a reading “A man is what he
Other unwelcome insect visitors	----- The Women's Association of St not what he has”, was given by
found in dwellings are bedbugs, stark's Corners United	Andrew's and Knox United Bailey, and Mrs. Walsh read,
fleas, cockroaches, silverflsh and	Woman's Association	Churches, Bristol, was held in the	, Not ",hrtt do 1 *lve- but what do
ants. Bedbug control not inf re	-- basement of St Andrew’s Church	1 keep _
quentlv requires fumigation with	Stark's Corners United	Woman’s	on Thursday afternoon, April 27	A leaflet entitled, liking T<>
a deadly gas, which should be used Association met in the Church	with 13 membfcrs present.	wards	the Universal Church and
only by an experienced licensed Hall on Thursday, May 4th, with	The opening devotions	were	Missions , was read by Mrs. H. G
operator. If the infestation is 26 ladies present. The president,	taken by Mrs. R C. Hanna.	Plans	\Y°"11	A
light, control may be obtained by Mrs. Hero Brown, presided, assist-	for the summer's work were	made	"rs:	Murray asked twenty
spraying crevices and cracks in ed by the secretary, Mrs. Earl P. which include a House Social on questions, which >t is well for all walls or other places where the Fulford. -	|	_ May 12th. at Miss E. Meldrnm s the member9 of the W.M.S. to
bugs may be hiding. A useful The devotional period was in librae and a play to be given in the consider.	.
spray mav be made by adding charge of Mrs. J. A. Dean; The church at a later date by the L The "^fting closed by singing eight fluid ounces of creeol to one meeting opened by singing a Voting People of Aylmer.	vJf,e Give 1 hee but
gallon of water. The same mix I hymn. A portion of scripture was Next meeting to be held on May *hy Own, The Benediction was ture is useful for destroying fleas, read by Miss Gertrude Leitch and 25th in Knox section.	pronounced by Mrs. Murray.
Infestations of cockroaches, silver I the Lord’s Prayer was repeated	.	The next meeting will be held on
fish and ants may be disposed of I in unison. The topic for the meet-	-?-	June 7th, at two o clock in the
by dusting sodium fluoride in the ing was taken from Matt. 4: 10— R_v crhrn«d^r «,„¦	?/t?lr/i0,0,n* ,,^he ^llbj5ct °j EL,e
places frequented by these insects, I "Follow me, and I will make you ***' •okroeder was Minister iRoll Call will be Canada and the
care being taken to keep domestic I Fishers of Men,” and was taken by j At Ladysmith	I Refuge Problem,
animals or children away from the I Mrs. J, A Dean.
powder which is poisonous-	The hymn, "I Love to Walk Rev. Conrad Schroeder. a retired
? ate k; ar:,.î saMïîstatfia:
Department of Agriculture. Otto scsion to havetlie Sunshine Ban- Pembroke. Horn iu Germany, he %» Not oniy do.officere of the ket sent to each member in place came to this continent in 1873 and
pTS-zte-isrti.jS. st Ers^iJis;
secte which attack farm, fruit and freshmeats were served bv Mrs pastoral charge vegetable crops, and products Bert Stark and Mrs. H. Brown. Hie wife, Pauline Weber, also a
of value.	and Mrs. Beef! Sly as hostesses. daughter.	F .,
P.8.—Just Received Car National Cement
years, was ence to the
Est. C. J. Caldwell

SMART NEW

DRESSES
/

ii»
A good selection that includes most of the new spring shades. Smartly designed frocks that you’ll be delighted to
;	JfC ' *
wear. We invite your inspection.
How to Combat
here during the past week.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦>>% A. E. Gay 1er, of Montreal,, is Throughout the world, there is a I visiting at the home of his brother-constant warfare between man-1 in-law, Mr. Wesley Hodgius.
4
Household Foots
Andrew's
$3.96 $4.96
I
I
$6.50
Fabric Gloves


(J
)Z
/
Soft, Suede. tinit-b, in Bros-er sewn dome styles Beautifully tailored, several unart new shades
Ladies see these at
50 cts.
Ladles’ Purses
A smart new line of Ladies' Bags all the latests shades and designs. Black patents, new>Jsj^ther tan shades, etc.
i
V
$1.95 $2.50
f
Gordon T. Paul I4ISURANGE
<
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
SHAWVILlT - QUE
W. A. Hodgin. Lt’d
»
m
QUEBEC
SHAW VILLE,
mam
###PAGE###2###
X
Spring Cleaning Days Imminent
x «
Crocheting May Oust Knitting

Household
Science
KATHERINE BAKER
HOLDUP H0NEYM00H

Bat It's Not Necessary To Upset Yoer Household Completely In The Process. -
Favor Neat Geometric Deafen* Done With Crochet Hook.
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright I938.NEA Service lac.
Drip-Cut
. TOPPING OFF THE MEAL
Dessert souffles are a grand finale to a meal. They look regal and important—that is, if they don't flop. But they need never fall down on the Job if quickcooking tapioca is used to hold them up. The tapioca ensure* their uprightness till the finish and does not interfere with the delicious flavour of these desserts.
PRUNE SPONGE PUDDING
4 tablespoons tapioca 3 tablespoons sugar % teaspoon salt 11/3 cups prune juice and milk 1 tablespoon butter 1 tablespoon butter H teaspon cinnamon 1% teaspoons grated orange rind 3 tablespoons orange Juice
1	cup finely cut cooked prunes 3 egg yolks, beaten until thick
and lemon-colored 3 egg whites, stiffly beaten.
Combine tapioca, sugar, salt, prune juice and milk in top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 7 minutes after water boils again, stirring frequently. Add butter, cinnamon, orange rind, orange juice lemon juice, and prunes. Cool slightly while beating eggs. Add egg yolks and mix well. Fold into egg whites. Turn into greased baking dish. Place in pan of hot water and bake in moderate oven (360eF.) 50 to 60 minutes, or until firm. Serve warm or cold. Serves 6.
COCONUT TAPIOCA SOUFFLE
1/3 cup tapioca 1/3 cup sugar M teaspoon salt
2	tups milk
2	tablespoons butter 1 teaspoon vanilla
1% cups coconut, chopped
8 egg yolks, beaten until thick and lemon-colored
3	egg whites, stiffly beaten Combine tapioca, sugar, salt,
and milk in top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 8 to 10 minutes after water boils again, stirring frequently. Add butter, vanilla, and % cup coconut. Cool slightly while beating eggs. Add egg yolks and mix well. Fold into egg whites. Turn into greased baking dish. Place in pan of hot water and bake in moderate oven (350*F.) 30 minutes, then sprinkle with remaining % cup coconut and bake 20 to 30 minutes longer, or until souffle is firm. Serve hot with cream or lemon sauce. Serves 8.
dick
Modem methods have lightened the task of house-cleaning ss of many other things and It la no longer in most cases the complete household upset iat It used to be, but that the occasion Is still a matter of dread on the past of masculine members of the household Is apparent In the following lament by D’Egville writing In the London Dally Sketch:
Spring is heralded by the time-honored ritual known as spring cleaning. It is a period beloved of women because they know It to be necessary, and hated of men because they can't live in It.
Everything Missing
It Is the period of the year when everything you have kept where It Is, Is taken and put where It wasn’t.
Where Is the pipe-cleaner I left beside the bath three weeks agoT
In the garage.
Where are those old slippers I used to ensconce behind my den door?
In the garage.
Where is that hat that has been rescued a thousand times from destruction, arrest or incineration?
In the garage.

SYK
you a sort of faint Idea ?"
Joe sighed. "IPU come back be me presently. Meanwhile, my head hurts."
"I’m glad you brought that up» I was just going to ask how you felt."
"Well, you know now. Terrible."
"It'll pass. The doctor said It was only a alight concussion."
Joe eat up abruptly. "Doctor?
Concussion?"
"Yes, we had the doctor. He swore horribly about being called out so late at night."
Joe was silent a moment.
"Look here, Kelly," he said finally, "we’re shooting at cross purposes. Suppose we begin st the beginning. Now then I What country is this?"
"We htink it's America. But we hesitate to commit ourselves."
"America, eh? Great old place, that. Glad to be here. What part of America?"
"Connecticut. Ever heard of it?"
CHAPTER I
Joseph Herendeen Sandham was to top of the world. He sat in â low wicker chair on the afterdeck of his trim white yacht and extended his hand languidly for the apertif that Smithers, his valet and body-servant, was about to give him. Over Smithers’ shoulder he could see two stewards laying a gorgeous lunch on a table that stood beneath a dark-green canopy. The central motif of the lunch seemed to be pate de foie gras. On the deck near one leg of the luncheon table was a magnum of champagne in a silver Ice-bucket. And a degree or so to the sou-sou-west of the ice-bucket reclined three tall streamlined blonds in shorts, and coats of sun-
• e e
Crocheting seems to have supplanted knitting ao f%r a# suits, dresses and sweaters are
concerned. This is In line with the current revival of the vogue of the early 1900's In which the crochet needle was especially popular.
Simone Laverrlere Is showing a series of blouses crocheted in neat 'geometric designs. One of them, in white linen, consists of a tight row of triangles disposed In chevrons across the chest and shoulders. The small, round collar and the wrists are edged with picot.
Lace Insertions
Crocheted lace insertions are used in the bodices of afternoon dresses and formal blouses. Irish point is good for decorating stylised evening gowns, and is used effectively on short evening capes and brief boleros.
Sports clothes and accessories for beach wear in fabric or In Jersey are edged with a narrow band in picot crocheted from thread or wool in a color contrasting to that of the ensemble.
JU
PARIS.

#’« opwif
Clkk -

At Big Saving
see
A smooch ilsaliM hand soaps, over ihg opening *nd cutt of
ssmre syrup fin.
BP
s*
to do-41
«
1.
Jt
(BeeJrwe&um
tan
"Imagine," murmured Joseph Herendeen Sandham, "this happening to me."
AH at once one of the blonds drew back her doubled right fist end -socked her nearest neighbor ¦quarely on the button. Joseph noted this gesture and was faintly amused by it. Of course, in the ordinary way, he did not permit rowdyism aboard his yacht. But this was different. This was ok-ledoke because, Joseph knew, the girls were fighting over which one of them was to sit at the table and have lunch with him. Wherefore the sock was a kind of subtle flattery. He yawned and stretched out his hand further toward the a pert'f that Smithers was holding.
"May the best woman win," lie thought he heard himself mutter.
Gentle Sudsing
Cleans Blankets
Joe nodded. "That checks, I remember being in Connecticut."
"So you’re beginning to remember, are you? Feel in the back of your head and see if you can fish out your name."
"Name?" said Joe. "Tbafa easy. It’s Sandham. Joe Sand-ham. Things are coming back to me."
Moderately warm water, very bland suds, plenty of clear rinse the same temperature as the suds, gentle handling and a good drying day is all that is essential to successfully launder wool blankets st home. If you live in a section where the water is naturally hard, better use a reliable water softener.
“GUunor Girk”
Getting Go-by
a
New And Nuttier Line Of Feminine Frills For Spring

The Secrete Good Looks
(To Be Continued)
A blanket that Is very soiled is better for a second suds hath, and bindings may need a gentle going-over with a soft brush. Rinse thoroughly and hang evenly in the I shade to dry
I If the nap appears to oe flatten-I ed a bit after the blanket is dry, brush it up carefully with a soft brush.
Style experts today are ringing the knoll of the “glamor girl " along with a healthy tune on the cash register as a new and nuttier line of feminine frills heads for the boulevards and the spring parade.
“The 'glamor girl' is definitely on the shelf,” said one votary of Schiaparelli in a downtown Toronto store. “She of the spun-yarn tresses billowing on her shoulders, with heavy lipstick, pale complexion and very sophisticated clothes is gone. In her place we have the little girlY"
This year's “little girl” is altogether more curved and feminine than her counterpart last year. If you care for social psychology, this may have something or other to do with the international situation. But anyway, the net result is young and lively—with cockeyed hats, square shoulders, tiny waists and Bouncy skirts.
Around the House
h
.lust One Thing Wrong
So far as Joseph could see there was hint one thing wrong with the setup. He had a slight headache. Nothing much, to be sure. Just an annoying little throbbing in back of his temples. He wished it would go away. It seemed to be affecting his eyes. The three beaut:ful blonds behind the ice-bucket looked a trifle vague and outlinv now. Even Smithers, who was standing so close to him, was getting somewhat dim and the ap-ertif he held wobbled in shadowy fashion just out of reach of Jo-senVs clutching fingers.
For a moment he toyed with the Idea of sending Smithers below to get him a couple of aspirins and a pinch of soda bicarb. And then, very suddenly, Joseph Her-endeen Sandham woke up.
There wasn't any yacht. There
There
0
Items Of Interest To The Housewife

HW-
CLEANING LIGHT LEATHER— Sweet milk is a simple agent to keep light leathers clean and soft. Saturate a soft clean cloth In milk, rub until the surface is clean, then wipe with clean dry cloth. Frequent cleaning keeps the leather soft and beautiful. It allowed to become very soiled, more drastic methods may be needed.
YOUR HAIR NEEDS EXTRA CARE NOW
“I’m sure that kindliness is the fundamental principle of natural charm."—Fay Rainier.
Are you one of the many who get a "permanent” around June? Whether you are or not, your hair certainly needs extra attention lavished on it during Spring, to give it a lustre you will be proud
Luxuries From Left - Overs
Barton--'
By Frances Let
F chicken has graced your Sunday dinner table, don't give way despair when you see the
¦^¦¦¦rVddiigs-
mourn the absence of left-
of
I
JOINING WOOL YARN.—Knot-ting your wool Is never a satisfactory method of Joining. When you next start a fresh ball, thread a darning needle with the end of the wool and run your needle along the new end of used wool for about one and a half Inches. You will find that this makes an Invisible join which will not come undone.
You must brush vigorously and It is important to brush
right down to the ends of the hair and not only near the roots; and always brush away from the normal parting. Clean your brushes frequently, to famove dirt and keep free of infection.
During the next few weeks give yourself a weekly shampoo, using a mulsified cocoanut oil shampoo to root out the grease and dust. Before each shampoo, however, tseat your hair with warm olive oil. Massage particularly behind the ears; this has a stimulating effect on the entire scalp.
Dull, faded hair needs toning up with a good vaseline hair tonic. Go about it systematically. Sit down at a table with elbows resting on it, and sprinkle some tonic over your scalp and hair. Begin the massage by loosening the hair from the scalp, then, placing your fingers firmly on the scalp, rotate the scalp itself, without rubbing. Finish up by vigorously brushing the hair.
Detailed leaflets on the following subjects are available for 3c stamp each: Hair, face, eyes, bust, feet, superfluous hair, reducing in spots, slimming, underweight. Write me for confidential advice in your personal beauty problems.
Please write direct to:	Miss
Barbara Lynn, 78 West Adelaide St., Room 421, Toronto, Ont.


overs for Mon-
day night supper. Just attack the remains, gently but firmer ly, and you’ll be amazed at the ™ meat you'll get off the bird. You’ll only need a cupful in order to have a grand chicken salad for a cold supper the next night Then you’ll be filled with the rrand and glorious feeling of looking lavish and being nomlcaL
• * • •j
wasn’t any Smithers weren’t any streamlined blonds. There was. however, a shaft of sunlight that hit him directly in the face; a feeling as of the Ford factorv working to capacity just in back of his forehead; and a redheaded girl with aquamarine eyes.
The red-headed girl spoke.
"Well, Rip Van Winkle," she said, "I'm afraid you’ll find things a bit changed."
Adorable Cotton Dress For 2 to 8
America Takes -Bridal Bouquet
Marriage Rate Higher Than In Italy Or Germany Where Government Subsidies Are Offered To Young Couples.
CLEANING WINDOW SHADES —Light window shades may be cleaned with a flannel cloth dipped In flour.
0%

(f
L
SALAD MOLDS — Muffin pans make good individual molds for gelatin salads and for macaroni and cheese mixtures.
f
Chicken Salad Mold
1 package lemon-flavored gelatin;’ 1% cups hot chicken stock, free from fat; 2 tablespoons vinegar; % teaspoon salt; dash of cayenne; 1 cup diced chicken; 1 cup chopped celery; 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper.
Dissolve gelatin In hot chicken stock. Chill until slightly thickened. Combine remaining ingredients and fold into slightly thickened gelatin. Turn into loaf pan. Cbm until firm. Unmold on crisp lettuce. Garnish with mayonnaise^ Serve In ell

The United States Is the most “marrying" nati»" In the world, according to an International survey just completed.
With
In Strange Surroundings
Joseph made a hasty survey of his surroundings. In a vague way he perceived that he was in a bed In a large well-furnished room. The red headed girl sat on the foot of the bed. He did not recognize the bed, the room or the girl. Wherefore he poised a hackneyed, hut necessary, question on his lips and let her go.
"Wh-where am I?" he said.
"In bed," said the red-headed
GOOD FOR FLANNELS—A- teaspoon of glycerin In the rinsing water makes flannels come out like new.

v


promotion,
legislative premiums, subsidies and other means employed by some European countries to encourage marriage and ra •> birth rates, the marriage rate in the United States for a

m • ( $
Even with a properly insulated washing machine or other electric laundry appliance, it is a good precaution for the operator to dry her hands before touching the switch that controls the current.
SAFETY FIRST


number of years has been a little in excess of 10 per thousand of population, the survey shows.
In the meantime, Germany's marriage rate has shrunk from 11.1 per thousand of population In 1934 to 9.1 In 1937. The Austrian rate is 6.6 per thousand and the Czechoslovakian rate, before the country’s dismemberment, was 8.3.
• In the two great democracies of Europe, England and France, the marriage rate In the former is 8.6 per thousand, an Increase In recent years, while that of France shows a decline to 6.6 per cent. The latter is regarded to he due largely to unfavorable economic conditions.

4 'jfvfl**
VEUCtOUS
MEALS •:
anywhere
girl
2
assn#
CRUNCHY SANDWICHES — An interesting, crunchy sandwich filling is made like this: Mix equal parts of chopped dates and celery, add half as much cream cheese and chopped candied orange peel. Season with a dash of salt, paprika and a little salad dressing.
"Whose bed?"
* "My Uncle Tyler’s bed."
Joseph felt carefully beneath ttie covers.
"Your Uncle Tyler is here too?” he injuired.
"Not this morning,” said the
4M R
».
that

NEW

V
w
girl
Women’s Feature
Miss Sadie B. Chambers, winner of the Christmas Dinner Menu Contest, will conduct a weekly column of
•	Home Hints
•	Recipes
Miss Chambers has had extensive training in domestic science. If you write to her, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope, she will endeavor to help you solve your household problems.
"Oh! Where is your Uncle Tyler?”
"In Europe As I was saying, Bip, you’ve got a lot of new things ahead of you. There’s the Tri-Borough Bridge, for instance. There’s ...”
"Hey, just a minute. Who put me in this bed?”
"Simmons. I helped.”
"Who’s Simmons,”
"My uncle’s caretaker.”
"Ah, we’re getting places. And wtio’re you ?”
"Kelly Archer.”
"What’s that?"
"I said I was Kelly Archer.
Like it?"
"It isn’t bad. Funny, though. How come the Kelly?”
"Nickname, sort of. Short for
Caroline.”
"I see. Well, Kelly, just why did you and this guy Simmon# put me in this bed ?”
The girl spread her hands. "We to do something with you,
RINSE LINGERIE WELL—When washing fine lingerie, follow the suds with at least two and preferably three rinsings.
126/9
ET

te

a
IRONING BOARD CLEANLI-N BBS.—Unaccounted-for smudges that appear on freshly laundered clothes may be caused by an ironing board cover that isn't quite clean. A few removable unbleached muslin covers that can be tabbed and changed for each batch of Ironing will more than repay their upkeep by protecting the entire week’s wash.
O
Hen Reverses
Its Personality
B, LOUISE LENNOX ,
A crisp cotton print dress with high waist and full-skirt that will make any little girl look just too adorable for words. Dainty narrow lace edges the brief perky sleeves and the cool demure square neckline. Besides being pretty, it’s a dress that premits perfect freedom for romp and play. With the same pattern, she can have a colorful print cotton peasant dress. Dolly can have a dre?a exactly like it, for the pattern includes same. Mummy will enjoy sewing it and be delighted with the very small expenditure.
Style No. 2619 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6 and 8 years. Size 4 requires lfc yards of 39-inch material with 1 yard of braid. Pattern for 18-inch doll’s dress is included and requires % yard of 85-inch material.
Send Fifteen / Cents < 15c), (coin is pre red) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 W. Adelaide St.. Toron Wriie plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state
Ont
Mrs. Albert Ottjes, farm woman near Mitchell, Nebraska, has a hen —at least it was a hen—with a changed personality. The hen laid eggs *or two weeks much as any ordinary biddy. Then it started to grow a rooster's comb and strut around the barnyard in true rooster fashion. And it hasn’t laid an egg for ever so long.
Coleman
STOVES
INSTANT
GAS
<
DO YOU FEEL
NERVOUS, WEAK?
rpHOU SANDS
k -	of weak, nemos
women have been
Peroxide's Useful
.
STARTS NEXT WEEK
Many household and personal uses can be found for hydrogen peroxide. In addition to providing mouth-washes and gargles, it can be used to help to remove stains on linen. A drop at full strength should be allowed to drip on to the linen, left for a few minutes and afterwards rinsed away. A drop of hydrogen peroxide on a cut or graze will provide a good antiseptic. Obstinate atains »?
successfully treated by making a splinter of a match-stick or using
an orange-stick, covered with gauze dipped into hydrogen peroxide.
helped to regain strength by Dr. Pierce's Fa orite Prescription. It
*
For Eczema - -Skin Troubles
Do This If You’re
HH calms BMBpBP ¦I stimulates the appe-
NERVOUS

't we?”
tile, improves nutri-
tion. benefits the fe-
Mre. Ellmbeth Haiabaw. IS! Mr
"Why? Wasn’t T behaving my-
on products
' w2e!i there's need of m good general system tonie like time-proven Lydia E. Pin k ham's
Make on roar mind today that you a t goo % ro sire year skin a real chime get well <h) to any good drug store and art an original bottle of Moone's F.merald Oil— it lasts many days hecat.w it is bighlv con
sntntal.	4	I
The very Erst application will glee ynu relief—the itching of Kctetna is msianily
•nd other skin troubles.
male
Kay A*».. Wiadeor, Ont., wyei “My just about driving me fraatir. I had no appetite wee
ly do my hetmework. Bm after taking Dr. Fierce'» Favsslie Freoerlptlee I •lapt	¦
m\tr
"Oh, sure. But you were out
"You mean I passed out?”
"No, not exactly. As far as 1 ¦£ kskow. .itou didn’t \mm % i WD
«don't you i iy raroem-
Wr what happened.
"I don’t remember a darn thing. Look here, who am 1?"
1
>'.<r*r<uUv lor
Veg'-tabl, < -'f,, 1-,1 n,I
Mke a light”
rf-1'âblng ray
l.ot Pink ha m » Compound more physics I resistance and thi
;“l^ke'
sdly at algbt. 11/ old strength re
I .fell isel fuir ie every way. end
I enjoyed I Wag. " Get It 1# liquid or
at
.. . W •
For om 60
're
Remember that Moone's F.merald OÎ1 Is •
nenei rating Antiseptic Oil i or leave a greasy residue.
to .t or money back.
Issue No. 18 — 39
another how to go smilin'? tb«.." with Pink ha m * over 1000.000 «V >men have written In mnorrmg glorious benefits—it MUST Bfc te-JUUI
that d"c» Complete
B
H
«•T

###PAGE###3###
]
Sheep which wear blankets <h»
ing the rainy eeaaon produce more
and better wool then those
without much protection, accord*
lng to testa made East London, South Africa
inquests. One coroner comment-
"News is not always happily expressed over the wirel pie with nervous dispositions are liable to be tremendously affected by ft.”
Planes Are Coming Challenge to Auto
Vast Expansion Is Looked For In Airplane Industry In U S. —To Be Brought v/ithm Reach Of Average Citizen.
Former British Prime Minister, Earl Baldwin, Visits Canada
ed
Sunday
School
Lesson
Peo-
ntly n
J This Curious World j

Igor Sikorsky, noted airplane designer, asserted this week at a private flying conference that within the next decade there would bd a vast expansion of light airplane building In the United States which would have an effect In promoting prosperity similar to that which the general use of automobiles produced.
Landing In Backyards Mr. Sikorsky, whose avlatfon Interests always have been concerned with huge bombing planes and giant clipper ships of the skies, told delegates that he was certain that the airplane was about to be brought Into the homes of ordinary citizens through the development of new types of much lower landing speeds than any now In existence. The direct-lift airplane possessing the ability to make vertical landings In back yards, he said, was “Just around the corner” and would benefit private flying when It was perfected. He stressed that neither the automobile nor the radio ever would have come into general favor If It had been necessary to go ten or twenty miles to use them.


LESSON VI
PAUL WORKS A HARD FIELD Acte 17x16—18x17;
I Corinthians 2:1-5 Printed Text, Acte 18:1, 4 11;
I Cor. 2sl-S
Golden Text.—I can do all things in him that strengthened me. Phil 4:18.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—Paul's visit in Athens and Corinth occurred A.D. 50 to 62; he wrote hit First Epistle to the Corinthians in A.D. 64.
Place.—Both Athens and Corinth were in what we might call the central part of southern Greece.
1. After these things he departed from Athens, and came to Corinth. The record of the second missionary journey of the apostle Paul is found in Acts 15:36—18: 22, by which wo shall see at once that in the chapter we are now to study Paul is drawing to the end of this great preaching tour. He probably came to Corinth in A.D. 60, remaining there about eighteen months.
Corinth was the commercial capital of Greece, occupying a commanding poeition at the southern extremity of the narrow isthmus which joined the Peloponnesus to the mainland of Greece. As an emporium of the trade of the East and the West Corinth grew into a splendid city, the home of merchant princes, adorned with temples and filled with works of fine art
But as It increased in wealth and refinement, Corinth . became proverbial for abysmal profligacy. Into this centre of commerce, •hrine of art, and vertex ox iniquity, St Paul came. How long he had been in the city before he found Aqnila and Priscilla we do not know, nor do we know whether they were Christians or not before they met the apostle Paul. Paul first met them because they were engaged in the same craft by which he made his living, namely, the making of tents. As time went on, these two people became co-labourers of the greatest help-in the mighty labors of the ever-active apostle.
Co-Laborers
4. And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded Jews and Greeks. 5. But when Silas and Timothy down from Macedonia, Paul was constrained by the word, testifying to the Jews that Jesus was the Christ. The effect produced by their arrival seems to have been an instant increase of the zeal and energy with which Paul resisted the opposition which was even now beginning to hem in the progress of the truth.
6.	And when they opposed themselves and blasphemed, he •hook out his raiment and said unto them, Your blood be upon your own heads; I am clean : from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles. Paul did not say he would give up the work because of the opposition of these people. Let us never give up the work. We may turn in vexation of soul from stolid unbelief, and preach to ignorant and bewildered heathenism, but do not let the work have less of our energy because we have been disappointed in this or that particular circle.
7.	And he departed thence, and went into the house of a certain man named Titus Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house Joined hard to the synagogue. 8. And Crispos, the ruler of the synagogue, believed in the Lord with all his bouse; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptised. It was a continual revival after Silas and Timothy came, and a great church was gathered here during Paul's labors in this city.
9. And the Lord said unto Paul in the night by a vision. Be not afraid, but speak and hold not thy

maeouENTc/
<

»
/a

/a


X
I
i
l




%
6


<2
/
2
THE
: * ;
n
mm

IN THE JAWS

ALUGATDaS
DES ONLY IN
THE
CLOSING MOTION/
ONCE CLOSED, A MAN CAN HOLD THEM SHUT EASILV WITH HIS HANDS.
3 British Suicides Laid To Newscast
IN THE UNITED STATES,
Shown here on route to Convocation Hall, Toronto, to deliver the first of 8 addresses in the Sir Robert Falconer lectureship, Sari Baldwin, former Prime Minister of Great Britain, RIGHT, is accompanied by Dr. H. J. Cody, president of the University of Toronto. In his lecture Earl Baldwin defended the party system of government as it had evolved in Eng-
Thres persons have committed suicide in London within the past month after listening to broadcasts on the European situation, according to verdicts at coroners'
4^000 TO DEVELOP
WHERE THE GROWER.
land
BEGINS REAPING RETURNS

THE Jaws of the crocodile and alligator are brought together with terrific force, and are hard to dislodge, once they have fastened to their prey. To add to the destruction, after attaching themselves to an arm or leg of a victim, they roll over and over in the water, thus twisting the member loose from the body
NEXT: What effect
Price Of Unity
NOTES
Has Gone High RADIO
le	#
John M. Imrie, managing director of the Edmonton Journal, last week appealed for a “new individual dedication to Canada and unity within the Dominion” In an address to Vancouver’s Canadian Club.
Mr. Imrie said the "prloe of unity” has gone high as Canada has become older and more developed1 and differences have become more pronounced. But unity Is still possible, he said, "If there exists in suffloient measure and diffusion the will to find it and the willingness to pay Its price.”
That price expressed in one word, he told his audience, would be "Understanding”.
NEWS
AND
,
| English Novelist j
MADGE ARCHER
THE ROYAL VISIT
His Majesty King George VI will broadcast five times over the Canadian networks during his forthcoming tour of Canada. Queen Elixabeth broadcasts once. The King's schedule: — May 15, 1.46 p.m. from Quebec at Federal Government luncheon... .May 18, 2.45 p.m. from Ottawa at War Memorial Unveiling... .May 24, 3X00 p.m. from Winnipeg to the Empire.... May 30, 6 p.m. from Victoria at B.C. Government luncheon... .June 15, hour to be announced, from Halifax at N.S. Government luncheon....
The Queen's schedule:— May 19, between 10.45 a.m. and 11.30 aim., from Ottawa while laying the cornerstone of the new Supreme Court Building.
More than seventy broadcasts in all have been arrange 1 by CBC to cover the Royal tour from coast to coast.
Schedule for tour to Victoria and back to Niagara Falls:—May 6,	7.30 a.m. Repulse leaving
Portsmouth, England... .May 13, time to be announced, Repulse
enters Canadian waters.....May
14, time to be announced, The Repulse approaches Rimouski......
May 15, 10.00 a.m. The King seta foot on Canadian soil His Majesty speaks.
Fireworks and concert from Quebec.... May 16, times to be announced, the King in Montreal.... May 17, 11.00 a.m. The King and Queen arrive in Ottawa... .May 18, 2.45 p.m. The King's second speech... .8.45 p.m. State Dinner at the Chateau Laurier Hotel.... May 19, 10.45 a.m. Her Majesty speaks... .2.45 p.m. Then Majesties visit the Parliament Buildings.... May 20, 10.45 a.m. Trooping the Color....
May 22, times to be announced,
Their Majesties in Toronto.....
M^y 28, times to be announced, Their Majesties in Port Arthur and Fort William.... May 24, 1.30 p.m. Their Majesties welcomed in Winnipeg.... 2.15 p.m. Empire Day broadcasts, Addresses of loyalty to Hie Majesty from representative British subjects throughout the world, the King replies.... 8.15 p.m. Presentation of the
Black Beavers... .May 25, times to be announced, The Royal Party in Regina... .May 26, times to be announced, The Royal Party in Calgary.... May 29,	2.45
Their Majesties welcomed in Vancouver, escort of 20 Indian ,war canoes....May 30, 3.00 p.c. B.C. Premier welcomes Their Majesties ....3.00 p.m. Presenting the colors to the Royal Canadian Navy ....6.00 p.m. The King speaks.»
June 2, 7.00 p.m. Royal visit to the Edmonton Municipal Airport .... 7.30 p.m. The Premier of Alberta welcomes Their Majesties ....June 3, 5.00 p.m. The Royal Party in Saskatoon... .June 7, 8.80 p.m. School Children demonstrate before Their Majesties at
Hamilton, Ont.....June 7, 3.30
p.m. Their Majesties pass beneath Niagara Falls... .10.15 p.m. The King and Queen cross the border into the United States....
June 8 to June 11, NBC, CBS and Mutual, times to be announced, Their Majesties in the United States.
Their Majesties arrive in Halifax approximately at 11.00 a.m. June 16th, and the King will be
heard in his fifth and final Canadian address at the luncheon which follows. The Royal Party boards the Repulse to sail for England at 6.00 p.m.
TO BE HEARD—May 5, 8.30 CBC, CBL—Miss Trent’s 9.00 p.m. CBS, CFRB
10:15 p.m., CBC, CBL—My Home Town, new series.... May 6, BBC, CBC—9.10 a.m. The King and Queen leave England for Canada... .12.15 p.m. CBC, CBL—Ontario Farm Pro-
7 p.m. CBC, CBL—
8.15 p.m. CBC, CBL Austin Cross.... May 7 11.15 a.m. NBC (Red) Vernon Crane’s Story Book (new)....! p.m. NBC—Great Plays—Elizabeth the Queen....5.45, NBC— Ray Perkins interviews visitors to N.Y. World's Fair (new) p.m. NBC CBC—Charlie McCarthy, Edgar Bergen and Chase à Sanborn Hour.... 10.30 p.m. CBS, CFRB Commentator Kalten-. May 8, 10.30 p.m. NBC blue—Premier de Valera speaks from Washington.
HORIZONTAL
Twist.”
17 Countering
p.m
1, 7 Author of "A Christmas Carol.”
12	Arabian.
13	Custom.
15	Paper mulberry baric.
16	Death notice.
17	Iron.
19 Doubled up
HRnswHHMmn ¦
¦ HSH DHDHE1
HRHora araei iqd one nn ?d nranw^nn™ ub
hrem marina wnns
n ??ii eibb QBB D
?3bbdhh SoraBBraB qd ana 0 nrara rh mqd Hamnnaa nara
[:1HHU CIBISnra HUUl*
¦oasm qbb aarnie
cttiHHmQiaH ¦ on ai-iHH
tant
COLOSSEUM
18 Boy.
20 He liked
fuln
to
L
22	Observed.
23	Behold.
26 Let it stand,
29	Portico.
30	Comic.
31	Military station.
33 Irish tribal
hand
came
21	Cover.
22	Sisterly,
24	Auto.
25	Neuter
"Without tolerance and docent treatment of minorities, democra-
rank
35 Filling.
37	Crown.
38	Dravidian language.
41 Definite article.
43	To bark.
44	Delivered.
46	To affirm.
47	Distant.
48	Tough tree.
49	High moun-
43	You.
44	Verb
4	Rodent
5	Pound.
45 Musical note. 6 One who sues
47	To graze.
48	Grandpa-rental.
pronoun.
25 Gender.
27 To put on. 23 Musical note. 29 Not change-
worked out, for the instruction and guidance of the Christian church, for all ages to follow, the great principles of church government and church polity.
1. And I, brethren, when I came unto you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, proclaiming to you the testimony of God. 2. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ, and h*'m crucified. Whatever else Christianity comes to be—and it comes to be a great deal else—the principle of its growth, and the germ which must vitalize the whole, lie in the personality and the death of Jesus Christ. We are called upon to preach an applied Christianity, a social gospel. •
8. And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling. Paul had been "shamefully entreated” at Philippi. He had been driven by persecution out of Thessalonica and Beroea. He had been left alone to be mocked at Athens. He had been virtually expelled from the synagogue in Corinth. This was too much for even his iron nerve. His courage was tottering, and Luke shows how the Lord cheered his heart again.
4. And my speech and my preaching were not in persuasive words of wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power: 5. that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
7	Costly.
8	Court.
9	Emerald 51 Act of lending mountain 53 Brinks.
55 Not to win 58 He was bom u Pertaining
to the nose. 14 "David Cop-
able,
32 Consumed.
34	To be in-» debted.
35	Tumultuous disturbance.
37 Period.
39	Sun.
40	Sun god.
41	Glazed clay block.
42	Toward.
10 Narrative poem.
in
tain
England.
59 His family was
VERTICAL
2 Usage.
8 Dry. ,
Perfield” is his % H^alST boyhood’s
bird.
54 To accomplish
18 Another of his 55-And. books, "------ -57 Therefore
.1.45 p.m. 10.30 p.m.
I
p.m**
Children — Orson Welles
gramme The Little Review

8
an ^
born
10. For 1 am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to harm thee: for I have much people in this city. 11. And he dwelt there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them, particular word here translated "dwelt” may be purposely used here to indicate the quiet and settled work to which the apostle was directed by the vision which had calmed his troubled spirit, and had taught him that his cherished plan of revisiting Macedonia must be postponed to preach-Duriitg this period I and H The*-
REG’LAR FELLERS - The Utest
By GENE BYRNES
çran'pa
iV/OnV
SLEEVE
us/
I can't
FIND ANY
WE LOOKED ALL OVER THE BARN, ORAN PA, AN' WE COULOhtf FIND ANY EQqs/ I BETCHA THE HENS ARE
NONE OF THE HENS ARE
LAVIN'/
I
i
E

ON A JTAND’UP STRIKE/

!ishS!
Ie.
?
&
talonians were written. Men at-

tacked him with a view of injur-tag him, bat without success, for Ms continuous abode in Corinth a fulfillment of the promise
f
\

T
*
a
/7

\
fa verse 10.

I Cor. 2:1-5. Paul wrote more to the church at Corinth, as ffcr an the Now Testament documenta


f
%
N
to Cortetk PMl
»*
###PAGE###4###
I
Teacher Wanted
THE EQUITY
Here They Are, The Winners in our
3
Recent Clock Guessing Contest
HODG-INS
GARAGE
holding nu loma to teach Davidson 1939-40. For further
Protestant teacher Elementar
school,
particulars apply to.
SHAWVILLE, MAY 11th 1939
ry dipl
Term
X
i
X
X
X
V
Quebec Government Aids Prospectors
In accordance with its repeatedly stated policy of furthering mining development at Quebec, the Provincial Government arranged 400 free lectures on prospecting in 1938, under the direction of the Bureau of Mines.
The high esteem, in which the prospectors held these lectures, can best be demonstrated by the fact that more than 1600 individuals regularly attended them.
These courses, covering all phases of prospecting work, were given in 32 cities, towns or villages in 18 separate counties. Eight competent lecturers were sent to these various points in the Province to give these lectures.
These courses are being continued during the present year and the Attendance, so far, has been gratify-It is hoped, that with the new legislation enacted and with better financial conditions, prospecting will again be on the up-grade.
JOHN V. HOWARD, Davidson, Que
The Clock, after being wound up and sealed, was placed in the vault in The Bank of Montreal, Shawville Branch. It ran for 409 hours and 32 minutes.
The winner : Henry Hodgins, Shawville, with a guess of 400 hours and 35 minutes.
Other winners of Bake-Rite Cake Tins . Mrs.
M. Langford, Geo. Telford, J. N. McLellan, J.
W. Hodgins, Percy Dagg, Hollis Barber, L. J.
Fairfield, A. S. Elliott. S. Murray, Charlie
Mayhew, Mrs John L. Hodgins, Bert Green-
shields, Orval Woolsey, Pete Moyles, George
Palmer, Herb C Hodgins, Milton McGuire,
Walter Moffat, Wilfred Bean, Clinton Palmer,
Henry Tubman, Foster Corrigan, H. B. Carey,
Newton Lewis.
#
Please call at the mill and receive your awards
X
x
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
X
X
X
X
TENDERS FOR COAL AND COKE Federal Buildings, Province of Quebec
X
X
Sealed Tenders addressed to the under signed and endorsed "Tender for Coal for the Province of Quebec ' will be received until 12 o’clock noon (daylight saving), Friday, May 20, 1939, for the supply of coal aud coke for the Federal Buildings iu the Province of Quebec, except Montreal.
Forms of tender with specifications and conditions attached can be obtained from the Purchasing Agent, Department of Public Works, Ottawa ; the Cleik of Works, 150 St. Paul St. West Mnotrea1; the Superintendent, 150 St. Paul St. West, Montreal ; and the Clerk of Works, Customs Building, Quebec, P Q.
Tenders should be made on the forms supplied by the Department and in accordance with departmental specification and conditions attached thereto.
In the case of tenderers quoting for one or more places or buildings and when the total of their offer exceeds the
\
X
V
X
X
X
Drive a Better Car This Summer
X
X
mg.
X
Look These Models Over
V
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1887 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
Shawville Council

Shawville, Que, May 1st, 1939 The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes’ Hall on the above date.
Present : His Worship, Mayor G. G.
McDowell, in the chair, and Councillors sum 0f $5,000 00 they must attach to A. O. Fades, Cotie. Woodley and G. A. 1 their tender a certified cheque on a Howard, forming a quorum of the ^ chartered bank in Canada, made pay Council.	able to the order of the Honourable,	T w
The minutes of last meeting were	the Minister of Public Works, equal to ^iirt ll[ L')l N	v 1	M lin
read and approved on motion of Crs.	io per cent, of the amount of the tender,	V illage of Shawville,	North of	Main
A. 0. Eades and Cotie.	or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of	Street, consisting of «^enty acres	more
The following bills were submitted to	Canada or of the Canadian National	<>r less, all tillable and	ot the beet of
the Council	Railway Company and its constituent	'°,im and clay am .
Drains and streets’ maintenance	$95	30	companies, unconditionally guaranteed	Dots on Alain street.
Harper Rennick............ 1	W	as to principal and interest by the	m part at a reasonable price
Hilliard Hodgins........... 	4	20	Dominion of Canada, or the «foremen-	!	,<or Particulars apply to
Gatineau Power, street lighting 63 83 tioned bonds and a certified cheque if	J G ELLIOTT,
waterworks.. 47 37 required to make up an odd amount. !	335 James St.
Hodgins Lumber Co... '....... 8 00 rphe Department also reserves I he :	Ottawa, Ont.
J. P. Wilson.............. 5	00	right to demand from any successful
Provincial Treasurer, board for	tenderer a security deposited in the
Ross Swartz .................. 4	65	form of a certified cheque or bond as
Mrs. R Howard . ...	.... .	»	00	above, nptal to 10 |>er cent, of the	j Well Improved Farm, being Lot	11	on
Otfawa Valley, Tourist	Bureau.	30	00	amount of Ins bid, to guarantee the	,he 4t() Rlinge 0f ,|ie Township	of
W. G. Clnsncll, canng for .leui-	proper fulfilment <»Mhe contract.	CLrendon, containing 60 acres more or
onal I *rk ...	... . -----	. o t	Py order,	|es«, four miles south of Shawville. For
Motion--Crs. Howard and A O.	J. M. SOMERVILLE, further particulars apply to.
Lades—That the above bills be paid.	Secretary.	MRS JAS. P. CARSON,
Carried.	, . Department of Public Woiks,	.	R R No 2,
by KwtSdlei fhaftendfrs beeCca"lied Ottawa, May 2, 1*39.	Phone 22 23.	Shawville. Que.
for painting Fire Hal1 and Water Tank, tenders for labor and material to be separate in each case.—Carried.
Motion—Crs. Argue and Woodley —
That Friday, the 19th of May, be declared a Civic Holiday in honour of the King and Queen.—Carried unanimously.
Motion—Crs. Howard and Woodley, to adjourn.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG'O.
Farm for Sale
NOTICE
The best car value
is a good used car
Tenders Wanted for Erection of New School
\
X
Several Buildings Will sell all or
Sealed Tenders will be received by the undesigned Secretary-Treasurer up to and including Thursday, June 1st, 1939, for the erection of a new school building at Dun raven, Calumet Island. Plans and specifications prepared by the Department of Education, can be seen at the office of the Secretary Treasurer. Building must be completed before August 20th, 1939. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
JAS. A CARSWELL, Secretary-T reasurer Box 66
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
J. L. HODGINS
I
Phone 64 J.
U
41
«
1ZIZ ziz.ziyizizizizixizizfzizizv.z:ztzziz z»zfz
Farm For Sale
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
X
BEATTY PUMPS
W>
4
\
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
matte* what rov want
HaRLAND C. Row AC
Sec.-Treas.
mo
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, vfith or without installation.
South Onslow Council
Quyon, Que., May 1st, 1939 A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present : Mayor Ambrose Kennedy and a full board of Councillors.
On motion of Crs. Smiley and Westbrook, the minutes ef last meeting were confirmed as read.
On motion of Crs. Muldoon and Westbrook, the following bills were ordered paid viz
Eardley Council, county road $102 85 Prov. Treas insane account P. H McCann, re. C. Chevrier
Dr. R. M. Hudson............
H. Bronson, Bristol-Onslow T L. 146 45 W. J. Fleming, board council.. 10 35
A.	Davis, work J Arthur Wiggins,
J. Biehler,
H. Cochrane,
M. Hamilton,
S. Martineau,
B.	Stanton,
A. Meredith,
P. J O’Hara Frank Cornu,
V.	Young,
W.	Draper,
G. Murphy,

DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
% \



265 73 3 00 5 00

ESTABLISHED 1883

l\
Ml





INVALID
COACH
3 75
road list. .. 120 60 2	“ 14 .... 158 90
. 193 60
I
44	44
9
GEOS ÏS. HYNES St SON
•2 “ “
.. 149 40 “ “ .... 244 25 2	“	44	. . . 12tf 60
2	44	44	...	136	85
.... 109 24 ... 121 60 .... 132 70 .... 165 40 .... 386 90
Direstors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
and Priced Right Down with the Lowest
4t 44
2 11 “ 2 “ “ 2 44 44 2 14 44
“ARROW" STANDARD EOUIPMENT
includes such plus features as: 6.00 z 16 Tires . . . Dual Tall Lamps . . | Controlled No-Draft Ventilation _0//fjjÈÊÊËÈ^Ë Regulator . . . Heat Indicator . Independent Fully Rubber Covered Running Boards . . . Gravel
. Pontiac
Aocdnr«kUi ..
sales are soaring Î All Canada is "catching on" that Pontiac is now priced with the lowest... down as much as $100 compared with last year ... and discovered that Pontiac offers motoring advantages and improvements, unmatched by any other car in its field ! Pontiac provides everything you want in a motor car ... at the price vou want to pay. You'll ride with pride in Pontiac... as you never rode before.
Here's styling as radiant and appealing as a June bride ... bigness that means sure-footedness ... wide doors, level floors ... increased vision for everyone ... luxurious interiors. And space abounds ! Six husky passengers loaf and relax in downy comfort. •. for "Newrest" riding means gliding, even where "the going looks toughest". Before decide on any car, see and drive the two great Pontiacs, the "Arrow" and the "Chieftain". One of these two is the car for you ! Convenient terms on the General Motors Instalment Plan.
A new star is born ! Pontiac values have
Phone 80
,Re. Warble Fly
Automatic Voltage
H. Young .......
G. Fraser ...
W. West brook ..
C. Lusk .......
W. Draper.......
A. Smiley......
A. Clarke ......
L. Kennedy -----
....
A bill previously received from Bristol Council was considered for $537.29 and whereas this Council spent $282.37 that this Council pay Bristol $187.40 to balance accounts for 1938.
A letter from Donat Leguerrier, not , asking'for approval for the Government patronage for Pontiac County was read.' No action taken by Council.
Motion—Crs F raser and Young— That H. Cochrane be allowed to draw gravel for one day with one team on Wilson rond.—Carried.
Motion—Crs. Muldoon and Young— That whereas representation has been made for Nathan Fraser to have a certain kind of truck license, and where** this Council is of opinion that it is in the best interest of the public that Mr. Fraser be granted a license to carry merchandise for pecuniary consideration and that a copy of this resolution be given Mr. Fraser.—Carried.
- On motion of Cr. Clarke, the Council then adjourned.
. ..	15 00
...	10 50
• e •
• * •
9 00
Deflectors . . . Sedan-Type Front
6 00 10 50 9 00 9 00 12 00 12 00
• • i
• e
Seat (in coach) . . . Glove Compartment Lock . . . Special Tool-Compartment. Hand! - Gear-Shift (optional—only $13 extra).
Beattie’s Eye Service
• e
F0NTIAC "CHIEFTAIN"—com
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientific Eye Examination»
Specialists on all Visual and Muscilar
Eye defects
before offered in the low-price
you
Knee-Action Front Wheels and
P-I29B
/
ary
TWO SERIES

John L. Hodgins
Quebec
Shawville,
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Opt omet list
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS * ProfeseionalOpto*eeriel,
and Will
PONTIAC DEALER'S DESIRE IS TO SERVE YOU PERMANENTLY
Job. A. 8»elk Sec T reas
YOUR
m
###PAGE###5###
]
Service Announcement
THAT S PVLOPEP TURKEY \ STARTER YOU INCUBATOR BABIES WILL CERTAINLY \ GROW FAST AND UNIFORM. ON THAT FEEO^Nw---------
WELL* IF VOO GREW SO 5/J AND F/NË+ ON FULOPEP WE CANT ASK FOR ANTHtNG BETTER
The Equity
Sbawvillb United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A, B.D. Pastor
Sunday, May 14
11 00a. m.—Mothers’ Day Service at Shawville. Sermon subject : —Silver Threads Among the Gold/1 1 00 p. m.—Communion and Reception Service at Zion
3.00 p. m.—Communion and Reception Service at Stark’s Corners. Afternoon sermon subject :—Being a Good Church Member.
p. m.—Evening Service at Shaw-ville. The C O.I.T. worship with us and the minister will speak on * The Pinnacle of Girlhood.”
I
i
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC



annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Successor to G. F Hedging Go. Limited
$160
• e
2.00
x>


New Floor Coverings For Spring of 1939
flow on display in our Furniture Parlor
“We’ll tell the world we’ve get the patterns”
Ail arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued

7.30

* m
RAISE YOURS INTO PREMIUM BIRDS-FEED FUL-O-PEP '
In the development of a profit-paying Turkey flock it is essential that poults get a right start. Why experiment? Put your poults on Ful-O-Pep Turkey Starter. This 26% protein feed gives poults that early growth which they must have if they are to make good gains.
W. O.OOWAN, PUBLISHER
Bristol United Church C. Armhtrono-8al*8, B. D. Sunday, May 14
St. Andrew’s Sunday School, 10.00 a. m.
* 2 30 p m. 7.30 pm.
Mother’s Day programme at all services. Be sure to go to Church on Mothers’ Day.
Roy 6. Fraser
Flowers, Gilts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Pbooe 160
St. Andrew’s
Knox
Austin
Service
Service
Service
The largest assortment of floor coverings ever shown in our Furniture Department.
¦O* 886
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. G. Newman, M.A.,B.D
Sunday, May 14
1l.00a. m.—Seivice at Radford 2.30 p. m.—Sunday School at Norman
2.30	p. m,—Service at Nprman
7.30	p. m.—Service at Yarm
STARTER
Cold Seal Congoleum Rugs and Congoleum by the Yard
TURKEY
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronege. orders of $1.00 or over, phone
ue collect.
$6.00 or over,phene us collect
and we shall prepay.
At 6 to 8 weeks old change to Ful-O-Pep Turkey Grower. These feeds build good sound bone, straight keels, big frames and lots of sound, tender flesh-birds with that smooth finish which bring premium prices.	• — "
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
On
putonp
Barry and Staines
Vel-Felt Rugs
Rockfelt by the Yard Linoleum, Baroleum,
Oilcloth, etc.
We would like our customers to feel free to visit our Furniture Parlor “Second Floor” any time.
Just walk upstairs and look around
You will find many articles of furniture and house furnishing that heretofore have not been available for purchase in Shaw ville.
The invitation applies to our new Boot and Shoe Department where you will find the very latest Spring Styles in Women’s Girls’, Men s and Boys’ footwear.
On orders of

ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, May 14
10.00	a. m — Sunday School.
11.00	a. m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Set vice Withdrawn St. Luke’s
2.00 p.m —Evening Prayer
¦gggjp


*
h:
Phone anytime between 7 e. m.,
and 11 p.m.
<
Shawville,
Quebec
Reductions on
Memorials
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
10 30 p in.—Qreermount, Hoiy Comm 2.30 p.m.—Thorne C. Holy Comm.
Shawville Bakery
in
Marble and Granite
In Memoriams
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
IL is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years
of experience iu the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
In loving memory of a dear wife and mother, Mrs. R. J. Connolly, who died May Gib, 1938.
I have lost my soul’s companion,
A life linked with my own ;
And day by day I miss her more,
As I walk through life alone.
W.e know that she is happy In our Savour’s home above, growing fairer as she lingers*
In the sunshine of His love
New Tip Top Tailors Samples
For Spring and Summer of 1939
Leave joui; fflfi&8urej|fld_get_a real Tailpr Made SuiÇ
Phone 89
Husband
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
RUG 6X9 FREE
Won by Mrs. H. B. Mitchem, of Hodgins, P. 0.
Correct number, 3124 Winning number, 3131
Family.
In loving memory of our dear sister, Mrs. R J. Connolly, who died May 6th, 1938.
Quickly and suddenly came the call,
Her sudden death surprised us all, Dearer to memory than words can tell, The loss of a sister we loved so well, j
Fondly remembered by
Sister and Brother-in-law, Margaret and Tom
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
GROCERY SPECIALS
Monuments in Marble and Granite
23 cts.
Clark’s Soups, all varieties, 3 tins
Fruit Juice, 20 ounce cans, Scans 25	“
Crape
Peter Pan Catsup, 12 ounce bottle Good Quality Vanilla Extract, pint bottle 35	“
Soap Flakes, 3& pounds McCormick’s Puffed Wheat, double size pkg. 10	“
Old Hickory Smoked Salt, 10 lb tube and smokes 125 pounds pork.........
Cnkt\
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
10
n
In loving memory of our dear sister, Jennie, beloved wife of Robert J. Connelly, who departed this life, May 9th, 1938.
Â bitter grief, ft shock severe To part with her we loved so well Our loss was great, we’ll not complain; Rut know in Christ, we’ll meçt again.
You are not forgotten Jennie dear,
Nor ever shall you be,
As long as life and memory last We will remember you.
Sadly missed by,
Sister and brother-in-law,
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Johnston.
25
44
Phone. 278
,
ft
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
ft.
cures
$1.00 *
Phone or drop in, and let me show you how Bray Chicks made real profits for poultrymen last year. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL. OUB
4'
MacLean’s
RED 6 WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go,
In loving memory of our dear sister, Mrs. R. J. Connolly, who died May
• I
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
6tb, 1938.
A loving sister, so gentle and kind, What a wonderful memory she left behind ;
She did not fail to do her best,
Her heart was true and tender,
She worked hard for those she loved, That is someth big to remember.
She suffered much with patient love, Physicians were in vain,
God above in His great love, Released her from her pain. ^
Ever remembered by her sister,
Rolled Oats, 20 lb. bag 75c
" fine or coarse 7 lbs 25c
. 25c
. 25c . 15c . 29c
Bulletion from the Mutual Improvement Class
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
Jvvy/
<<
The Author of this class, has made a special atndy of the Bible for six years.
The class will take up the subject of Chnr:h, State and our Educational System.
The class will leave an open platform for criticism and debate. All subjects taken up in this class will be arbitrated by the Bible.
JAMES RILEY,
Shawville, Que.
Fancy Biscuits, 2 lbs .
Soda Biscuits, 2 lbs Apricots, per tin Peaches, No. 1, 2 tins Red & White Baking Powder, 16 ozs. 25c Brooms to match your kitchen, s strings 39c Ful-O-Pep, chick starter $2.55 |
“ , developer . . 2.101 O O C starter & grower . 239 1 Scratch Feed, coarse 100 lbs 1.69 8
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
General Repairs
Till
Lorena Morrison Mrs. Roy McMillan.
on
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
In loving memory of a dear twin sister, Jennie, who passed away May 6, 1938.
Sweet are the memories that never fade, Of Jennie ~ we loved, but could not save !
Survived by friends ; still we are lonesome I
In midst of friends, we are blue 1 We smile, bm our hearts are broken ! We are lonesome dear Jennie, so loot some for you !	„
We loved you, but Jesus loved you more.
1 vrr n membered by Twin sister, Ida,
Mbs. A H. Hamel. ?
The Same Reliable Service
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40
BLOCK OF UNO FOR SALE
___ Desirable block of land containing
I one and a half acres, situated in the I township of Clarendon, just south of Shawville village limits. Dwelling house and outbuilding on property. For further particulars apply to,
a
a
THE CORNER STORE
Fur Pelts Wanted
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS R HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer Shawville - Que.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
Box 134
ShawviHe, Que..
Phone 43
2
###PAGE###6###
Beautify Your Farm Property
Famous British Train Arrives At World’s Fair
THAT REMINDS MI —
„ OGDEN'S i>. IS COOL Si SMOKING
1 Farm Forum 1
IMPROVED PASTURES HIGHER FOOD VALUE
Climatic conditions in many parts of this country may not permit of pasture improvement in
tàe same remarkable degree as on
e Scottish farms, yet the work of Canadian research experts and Se experience of hundreds of practical farmers prove that much of Canadian pasture land can be made vastly more productive than it is, says G. N. Snyder, soils chemist. Not only do improved pastures yield more grass per acre, but the herbage Is notably richer in protein, minerals, vitamins and carotene, a fact definitely proven by the researches of Professor N. J. Thomas, Ontario Agricultural College, and other authorities.
Build Up Soil Fertility
The first requisite in pasture improvement is the building up of soil fertility. Liming may be necessary for very acid soils, but in general the major mineral plant foods—phosphate and potash—are of first importance. If the process is one of renovating an old pasture without breaking it up, the first application of fertilizer must be heavy enough—400 to 600 pounds of 0-16-6 or 2-16-6 per acre—to produce a vigorous growth of wild white clover and other pasture legumes. Wild white clover, a true perennial with creeping stems that root at the nodes, provides exceptionally nutritious and palatable herbage. It adds nitrogen to the sail and produces a dense sward that is very effective in moisture control through preventing run-off from heavy summer rains and evaporation during periods of extreme heat When establishing new pastures it is advisable to consult a forage crop expert regarding the most suitable pasture mixtures for the particular soil and regional conditions.
SHRUBS FOR THE FARM
HOME
By John F. CLARK,
Ont Dept of Agriculture, Toronto.
Hie foundation lino of every homo needs special treatment, as a softening of severe architectural lines must be secured, making the rigid and often unsightly foundation more attractive. No better medium is offered than * planting of flowering shrubs to frame the home, melting it into the site end tying the building to the ground.
Always confine shrub masses to the outer edges or boundaries, avoiding the spotting of single shrubs throughout the lawn. They should be so arranged that open vistas appear from windows and verandah. Varieties should be planted in groups, and in small grounds nothing more elaborate than a planting of a few of each, > which will content themselves within the space, shade, moisture and soil conditions, one has to offer, need be attempted.
Specimens And Kinds For Various
Excellent specimens may be secured in the Magnolia, Weeping •Mulberry, Flowering Almond, Rose of Sharron and Lilac.
Varieties having a number of features may be chosen, the atm being color, foliage, berries and flowers at different seasons to prolong the blooming period. This list would include Forsythia, Spiraea, Weigel la, Hydrangea and the Hibiscus.
Suitable shrubs for shady places, not directly under trees, are Dogwood, Coral Berry, Snowberry, Elder, Philadelphus, Hydrangea, Ar-boreecens, Lonicera , and Spirea, providing the position is not in dense shade.
The ornamental effect of good flowering shrubs will prove a valuable addition to the grounds when used as a hedge. These may Include Chinese Elm, Lilac, Mock Orange, Bridal Wreath, Caragana and Honeysuckle. The Alpine Currant makes a satisfactory hedge even in dense shade.
The roots should never be permitted to dry out, either before or
after ' plantlngJH|BHMpM| should be removed, and the bal-spread out naturally in the Give firm planting. Where
m
m
You'll get a lot of extra pleasure ln"rolllngyour ««faefrci:-own” with Ogden's 4$?^ because It le a really eooler, better cigarette tobacco.
Of course you'll roll them with the best paper*—"Chanteoler" or •Vogue".	Egg
/IN- . i
Smoker»!—i


V*






S’


#
it




W'm
OiWi
--
K





t&t
*


I




»«



JQ




X. -V
it*
ÜM
Scot, is
regular run between London
1
Co


and Glasgow.
OGDEN’S
Whiter White Paint
How Can I?
M N L CUT
What Science
A new white paint, formulated to shed dirt and grime and said to show a very marked improvement in retention of whiteness even under adverse exposure conditions, has just been introduced to the Canadian market.
The secret of the new whiter paint is in the use of the most modem of paint pigments—tita-
sometimes called the whitest known pigment. This pigment is known to have several times the hiding power of any of the older white pigments and in addition, when properly incorporated in a linseed oil vehicle, it provides a much more durable and much better appearing paint.
back slightly, until the roots have an opportunity to take hold and provide the top with necessary moisture and nourishment. A top dressing of well-rotted cow manure, lightly cultivated Into the soil, will prove beneficial. Avoid crowding and give space for development. Keep shrubs a short distance from walls to escape drip from the roof and the reflected heat from the bricks. Spring planting Is advised.
BY ANNE ASHLEY
is
Q.—How can I make a living room or a dining room rug wear evenly, instead of having spots in certain places? A.—This can be avoided to S great extent if the position of the furniture is changed occasionally, and also if about twice a year, the rug is turned cater-comered.
Q.—How can f wash lettuce
thoroughly?
A.—All the sand and dirt will be washed off letuce if it is placed in a colander, the leaves separated, and cold water run through them. Drain, then set the colander with the lettuce on ice until ready
Doing *
*
more
worn
ECHOES TO BE CAPTURED
It is possible to capture an echo. They are made and stored in an ingenious device which has been developed in the laboratories of the Columbia Broadcasting System.
give a natural sound to voices or music transmitted from radio studios where it is necessary to deaden the walls so that they kill all reverberation.
FUTURE THOUGHTS IN FRONT
Two Washington, DC., physicians describe experiments tending to substantiate a theory that the front section of the human brain controls future thoughts while the rear portion governs
those of the past.
“With an intact brain an individual is able to foresee to see before, to forecast the results of certain activities that he is to initiate in the future."
nium dioxide
The instrument is used to
'X WHY HAVE
f\ SORE
V FEET?
\ *
Pale blue light proves a fatal lure to the grape leaf hoppers, a serious pest in vineyards, as reported by J. K. Ellsworth of the University of California. Females of the species responded most readily to the light Counts of large sample catches showed 88 per cent, female insects.
i
to use.
q.—How can I clean gold or silver lace ?
A.—Sew the lace to a strip of clean linen and boil in a solution of 1 cupful of salt to 1 gallon of Dry without removing
^îustsv® «s
O
Damaged roots
HaveYou Heard
06 If
ance
•ou. ¦¦¦¦¦¦I ^ÜHH
there are a number of shoots or branches they should be headed
from the linen, and then sponge with a piece of white velvet dipped in alcohol.
Q.—How can I make use of old kid gloves?
A.—Worn gloves will be very useful if they are used when paring vegetables, or working over any vegetables that are likely to stain the fingers and hands. -
Manitoba hens lay more than 10 million dozens of eggs in a year.
IIS
Classified Advertising..
Druggist’s House (2 a.m.). Irate Druggist:	“Great heavens,
man! A penny worth of bicarbonate of soda at this unearthly hour, when a glass of hot water would have done as well."
Customer : “Ah. weel, I think ye for the advice, an’ I’ll no be need’n* the soda noo. Good
PII.MS DKVRMirRII ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITE two prints of each and FREE EMARGEMENT coupon OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY 1 RUSSELL RT- TORON TO.
AGENTS WANTED
BEST PROPOSITION ON MARKET —Ladles' and Gents' Furnishings. Write for full particulars. Relu bla Agencies. 212 Victoria Street Toronto.
ne.
a-
T.B. AND VITAMIN A
A connection between tuberculosis and a deficiency in vitamin A in the body has been observed. It discovered that of nearly 200 tuberculosis patients 53 per cent, showed a deficiency of this vitamin and in this group there a relationship between the severity of the disease and the degree of deficiency.
Canada’s Racial Variety Praised
Dominion Is No “Melting-Pot” — Standardized Type Of Human Being Deplored.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited. Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and S high gloss prints 25c. 8 enlarged print* 25c. Reprints same price. Brlght-ltng Studio, 29A Richmond Street Beat, Toronto.
DISTRIBUTORS WANTED
mornin’.”
DISTRIBUTORS! — EXCEPTIONAL opportunity offered serious and responsible men to represent a company selling new line of religious. novelty lamps; also commercial lamps making neon-llke signs. Do not apply unless able to finance small, convenient stock. Liberal arrangement with exclusive territory. If you qualify. Write Room 2. 2118 Bleury St.. Montreal.
ARTICLES FOR SALE
Fittiags in the house of Hollywood film actress are de of gold. All the cur-
FLAGS, BUNTING, PLAIN AND Waterproof Truck Covers and Tents. Prices and samples on request. John Leek le Ltd.,
PERSONAL
Toronto.
Inina are hung on her former
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers' daughters. Widows with Property. Particulars 10c. Con-fldentlal. Boi 128 Calgary Alberta.
wedding rings.
AVIATION OPPORTUNITY
Standardized citizens are not desirable for Canada, according to John Murray Gibbon, general publicity agent of the C.P.R., speaking at Montreal last week on the contributions that Canada’s varying Immigrant strains have made to the Dominion’s whole In culture.
He pointed out that in the United States It is the endeavor to blend all races into a single amalgamation called “American." The Canadian Ideal is to let immigrants retain much of their individual culture and habits.
"Some of us may hope to see the day when it would be hard to distinguish a French-Canadlan of Trois Rivieres from an Anglo-Canadian of Toronto," said Mr. Gibbon. "We would then, bo to speak, swap Mr. Hepburn with Mr. Duplessis—but there are others of us who like to see the French-Cana-dlans retain the best of their own traditions and culture.
Mr. Gibbon described many of the handicraft-folk song festivals for European racial groups which have been organized In Western Canada by the Canadian Pacific Railway and the Canadian Handicrafts Guild.
LEARN TO FLY NOW AT LOW cost. Efficient tralnln, equipment Including :
Ing quarters provided town students.
Barker Airport, Toronto.
g — modern Radio. Uv-for out-of-Fllers limited.
Soldier (in hospital)—“Doctor, are you sure this is pneumonia? Sometimes doctors prescribe for one thing and patients die of something else.”
Medical Officer (with dignity): “Look here, my man; when I prescribe for pneumonia, you die of pneumonia.”
ELECTRIC FENCE 91M5
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy Tts-tlmontalv Guaranteed. Advice free. BaTtlAVe. Box I. Winnipeg.
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
THE SPARTON ELECTRIC FENCE le made by the 29-year-old company that Is famous for "Radio a Richest Voice." Dependability
Sold under "10 back" guarantee. Canada, Limlt-
llABY CHICKS
costs no more, day money Write, Sparton of ed, Dept. 70. London, Ont
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE tor free booklet and full particular» regarding our amaslngly sue-cesaful hyblood treatment Pedigreed Products, Saskatoon. Saak.
FOR IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT — A limited number of Bray Chicks In both light and heavy breeds. First come first served. Get your order In today. Bray Hatchery, 180 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
1.	—What should be done with the knife after using it for cutting food?
2.	—When a married woman is travelling alone, should she sign her name on a hotel register, Martha L. Randolph?
3.	—What should a daughter-inlaw call her husband’s father and mother, when she calls her own parents “father” and “mother”?
4.	—Is it correct for an employer to introduce his secretary to a caller by saying, “Mr. Jones, this is my secretary, Miss Brown,” or shouldn’t he give the woman’s name first: “Miss Brown, this is Mr. Jones”?
6.—W hat kind of invitations are given for a cocktail party?
6.—What does “hors d’oeuvre” mean?
FOR SALE
SEPTIC WATER TOILET
WHEN WE SAY YOU SAVE MON-by ordering Tweddle Chicks J mean It. Compare Tweddle Quality, compare Tweddle prie Grade A Barred Rocks, New Hampshire Reds, White Rocks, Hybrids .11c, Pullets .18c, Cockerels .06c. Leghorns $10.50, Pullets .22c, Cockerels .03c. Extra Profit and Special Mating Grade slightly higher.
and poultry guide. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ont.
“Come along, dear,” said the hostess, “I want you to feel at home.” “1 don't want to feel at home.” said little Reginald, “1 want to feel at a party.”
EARLY VARIETIES OF PUNT and Dent Corn specially adapted for Northern countries. Write for prices, James Brlsley. Tbames-vllle, Ont, Kent Co. ____________
FRUIT BASKETS AND BOXES
PLANT BOXES. BERRY BOXES, Fruit Baskets and Hampers. Prices on request The Oakville Basket Co_ Ltd.. Oakville. Ont
ey
EQUIP YOUR HOME WITH A SEPtic Water Toilet. Ninety-eight dollars Installed (cash or terms) anywhere In Ontario. Write 3366 Yonge Street, Toronto, for full details.
SEWING MACHINES A SUPPLIES
Free calendar
FOR SEWING MACHINES. RE, new mach-Wrlte A. Gilbert
“Pawson,” said Aunt Caroline ferociously “I’d like to kill dai low-down husbartd o’ mine.”
“Why, Caroline, what’s he done?”
“Done? Why he’s gone and left de chicken house door open, and all de chickens has escaped.”
“Oh, well, that’s nothing. Chickens, you know, come home to roost”
“Come home?” gno sued Aunt Caroline. “Come home? Paw-son, dem chickens’ll go home.”
pairs, supplies—all makes, or trade-in, reconditioned Ines In stock —
& Son. S50 Yonge SL Toronto.
PURE MAPLE SYRUP, first quality. Write for prices. Order early. John M Gillespie, Abbotsford. Que.____________________________
STARTED CHICKS
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING for. Started chicks at bargain prices. Two week old Standard Quality $12.60, Pullets $19.16, Cockerels .09c. New Hampshire Reds .08c; 8 week old add .01c. Bargain prices 4 week old Barred Rocks and New Hampshire Cockerels ,16c. 6 week old .17c. Big Egg Quality add .01c, Extra set set add .02c. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING
FOR SALK
BATHROOM OUTFIT® FOR SALE
SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING—THE finest In used clothing at big reduction#. Suite originally $35.00 to $60.00 now $6.00. $8.00. $10. New suits regularly $25.00 at 12.50. Odd coats, pen ta $2.00, 2.60. Top coats 85, $6 87. Laies* Spring coats 15. 86. Big savIng In new dresses, crepes, satins. at $1.60. 12.00. Send money-order with measurements, age. You take no rlek by buying on our money-back guarantee. We pay postage. Canadian Clothing, 409 Yonge St., Toronto.
IF YOU INTEND INSTALLING A Bathroom outfit or water system write for free Illustrated catalogue with prices. Free estimates on Installations. The J. F. Crowley Company. Dundas, Ontario.
i
SEXED PULLET CHICKS SHORT OF BROODER SPACE? — Then buy Bray eexed pullet chicks. Available - In 14 purs breeds, also cross-breds. Immediate shipment on early orders. Bray Hatcher^, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
HAIR GOODS
1.—Place the knife at the edge of the plate ,and on the plate, never with the handle resting onAhe table. 2.—No. She should use her husband’s name and sign, (Mrs.) Robert A. Randolph, Camden, N. J. 3.—“Father Brown” and “Mother Brown.” 4.—In the business world, the most important person is mentioned first, regardless of sex. * 5.—These invitations are usually extended over the phone or by personal contact 6. —A side dish: a relish.
for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential tarma arranged Toronto Human Hair Sunni* Co. 821 Bathurst.. Toronto_________ -
CERTIFIED IBRD POTATOES
(WARD WHITE STAR	_
« • /
provides a Choice of Routes
Til Ell HOPE /
SOILLESS GARDENING
"tV ARB A”, WORLD’S EARLIEST Potato, Inr g., white, delicious, hardiest, heaviest ylelder. Government Certified. 100 strong eyes J1.00 postpaid. 8. V. Cowan, Wal-
GROW BETTER FLOWERS, VKO-etables, etc., out of ecaeon. In proven chemicals. 25 gallon* $0o postpaid; 50 gallons $1.00. Instruction l'amphlet Included. Cbeml-culture Coy, #81 Pelissler, Windsor, On L
HUNTERS* SECRETS
HUNTERS’ AND TRAPPERS’ SECrets. How to catch Muskrats. Mink, Fox and Beavar. Legitimate plana. $1.00 at once. George Green, Box 100, Richmond, Indiana, US. A.	________
BUILDING MATERIAL FOR
PRICED EXCEPTIONALLY LOW to clear. We have HO clay tile plie 20" diameter, 2" wall. suit, able for springs or wells: lfO.Ooo square feet heavy wire screen 2" mesh: 2,000 a treat car sash, 8.000 feet 10" heavy galvanised culvert, also lumber, doors, fence posts, pip** columns, rail a. pipe, fittings, valves, cable, brick, etona Everything for your building. Frankel Brothers Ltd. Established 1886. Eastern Avenue at Broadview. Toronto. QLadetpne 4611.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIR*
I fWW .
tlllH
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAUN to and Generator Repalra We save you money. Allanaon Armature 14<-tnfr„ 855 Day St., Toronto.
Weekly sailings from Montreal and Quebec the scenic St. Lawrence route to England, Ireland,
Bttt, MSvSKSflw
trated catalogue. the lowest wholesale prices obtainable «— big
a sfc eSrttesZ
Montreal, Qua
Scotland and France
Arithmetic useful to farmers— A hen that produces 200 eggs a year requires only 10 per cent more food than a hen producing
STALLION FOR SALE
fil8
‘9Î third
*132
? GOOD niACK S YEAR OLD Percheron Stallion enrolled. Henry ville, Ontario.
. register» ! and
Hulas, Queens-
100 egg*.
regularly to
“Queen Mary” and “Aqultanla”.
DAHLIA TUBER»
TN
PHOTOGRAPHY
USED TIRES FOR SALE
11*1
“Géorgie”, “Britannic” and frequent safllnga to Liverpool
IS GIANT DECO RATI Tubers labeled 81.00,	. .
8100 postpaid M Shade!. Mlmtoo.
Ont	_
DAHLIA
different
VS
NEW YORK WORLD'S FAIR
TWO FREE PROFESSIONAL 8IL vertont enlargements and valu-
coupons free with oped and printed
other British
We ’.have trained College Men and n (Christians), to accompany Visitors throughout New York City end the World’s Fair, at a very modest fee. May I send details how this Individualised personal service will save you considerable money, time, effort and anxiety.
JOSEPH A. LEWI»
2 000 USED TIRES—16c UP FOR any truck or ear. Retread» guaranteed twelve months; dealers wanted. Ask for free price lieL Merrick Tire Co„ 128 King SL W* Hamilton.
i reml
ry film develo 15c, or with I
reprints fcflrtlu. MH _ attention to every order. Cut Rate quality would com you more elsewhere I Cut Rate Photo Service. Dept B21. Box 228. Regfaa,
eve

m««i 159
for
BUSINESS CHANCE*
lied
OUR PRINCIPALS OFFER PROBj
Ind< pendente, reach of all. Write "Home
With Income" Agency. North Hat ’ey, Que.
Security.
)
W.
6$
a#
Y
N
BX1 Fifth A
* M
###PAGE###7###
s
Nation And Bird Are Not Related
Destroy Hitlerism Through Isolation
Rabbi Maurice Eisendrath, Of Toronto, Holds Nazis Should Be Outlawed If We’re To
“Stop Hitler” Effectively.
Bruins’ Goalie To Wed Ontoi^Gurl
wri mi
VOICE
of the
PRESS

*•*
Parliamentary
Doings

f&m

11

*î


î

Turkey Had Nothing Ta De With Naming Of Turkey
;|r





#



* V
l



» 4

With Qatar to'»
Perhaps the moet widespread ror concerning birds Is the regie Ides shared br thousands of people that the turfcejr came orlglaallp from Turkey. This le utterly false. Just why the bird should hare been called "turkey" ; in the English language no one seems to know, writes a correspondent to the Rural New Yorker. The realm of His Sultanlc Majesty had no more to
toÜoïlte'&ocfety than did dreenlahi or Kamchatka.
The Noise It Makes The turkey was introduced into Europe by Columbus, who took It to Spain. It Is possible that an lll-advlsed public concluded that, like many other unusual things, It came from Turkey or the Far East Again the bird may have named between the bird and the country itself, since the call of the hem te her chicks sounds very much like tur-r-rk, tur-r-r-k, tui-r-r-k. At any rate, there is no actual conneettoa of the earns name.


L &

Jf- « V
m.



vX:
Peace hopes of the world reel In the destruction of Hitlerism through an unconditional economic, diplomatic and moral Isolation of the Natl regime, Rabbi Maurice Éfîeendrath declared àt Holy Bios-Temple, Toronto, last week

There's life In the old boy yet Ex-Premter George B. Henry enjoyed ft field day in the Ontario Legislature last week when In the course of a five-hour speech he locked verbal horns with half the members of the Cabinet and managed to touch the political sore spots of many a leading Liberal . . The major Incident of his ad-9 when he succeeded In Premier Wpburn I


ti
NO BILLBOARDS, EITHER în noise and buggy days, when we tr. veiled we saw something besides the road.—Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph.

• •et
: ;
nhf


5^




«


4
k.:t


I
iom
He warned democratic nations to take heed.
if
RURAL FRONT DOORS
A contemporary speculates as to why farmers do not use the front door of their homes. Probably that is where the wolf is hanging around.—Wodstock Sentinel-Review.
\
emphasizing that western democracies' mult take serloùefy the detailed program of Mein Kampf. or they would speedily lose their civilization, he urged all those who love freedom to call on the Dominion and on the Empire to cease muddling through, to cease the misleading of the people and to outlaw any conceivable contact with "this demonic regime".
He quoted from the Hitler book to show that every German living . abroad is to be made “the advance guard f universal conquest"
ct
I*

s e
?
drees came taunting fT making one of the stiffen attacks he has ever levelled against Prime Minister King.
Mr. Henry made reference to the arch erected to Rebels of 1837 (at Queen Victoria Park, Niagara Falls) which bears Inscribed together on It the names of Premier Hepburn and Prime Minister King , , . . The premier retorted that he wished Mr. King was possessed with some of the qualities attributed to his illustrious grandfather, the ‘Little Rebel/' William Lyon Mackenzie.


nto
B
I
r m.
TRY IT ONCE AND SEE Chief Draper of Toronto says that lawbreaking is not due to hunger, cold or unemployment. But General Draper is neither hungry, cold, nor out of a job.— Stratford Beacon-Herald.

*
\i

ü
0*



il

\
ISi
THE “fTOP” SEASON
Stop Hitier and Stop Hepburn have been familiar cries in recent weeks. With summer coming on it might be well also to remember to Stop, Look and Listen at railway crossings.—Fort Erie Times-Review.
WERE NATURAL TALKERS
Before Canadians accuse their politiciens of talking n great deal and doing nothing they might reflect on the recently published statistics which show that the Canadian people generally make more telephone calls than any other people in the world. Talk may be a national characteristic.— Kingston Whig-Standard.


m




H
The
(f:
Ontario's ready now to Implement Unemployment Insurance
enabling bill has been brought > down In the Legislature which allows the Province to take Immediate advantage of any Job Insurance program that may be adopted -by the Federal Government this" year. (Toronto's session prorogues before Ottawa's) .... Would this, by any chance, be another play at passing the buck? .... for Ottawa may do nothing about unemployment Insurance this session.


ÏYPICAL OUTDOOR GENTLEMAN
:

• • e e
BOOKSHELF
an
If ever a goalkeeper had as triumphant a season as Frank Bnmsek of the Boston Bruins enjoyed during the past winter, it has not been recorded. It was Frankie's first year as a major puck-stopper, and during it he won the National league's Veiina trophy for fewest goals scored against, was voted the year's outstanding rookie, named goalie on the all-star team and played on a Stanley Cup winning team. And to top it all off, he won himself a bride in the person of Miss Peggy MacMillan, with whom he is shown ABOVE. They expect to be married some time this summer. Miss MacMillan, 21, comes from Kirkland Lake, Northern Ontario.
By ELIZABETH EEDY
"DISGRACE ABOUNDING" By Douglas Reed
Most people who have read Douglas Reeds book, “Insanity fair," last year will want to see its ano* "Disgrace Abounding.” The of Mr. Reed’s forecasts

meiits can be appreciated when it Is realized that during the asm# live-year period net credits arising from exports of gold have been •lightly less at 1658,800,000. Together, the export of gold and the expenditures received# frt i tour-v tots exceed our favorable balance of trade In most years, these three Items, Canada has no credit balance on international account from any source except for sales and purchases of securities abroad which have provided a small but uncertain balance In recent years.
cesser,
NTARIO
UTDOORS
accuracy
concerning the fate of Austria and Czecho slovakia served to win for him an amazingly large audience. Since “Insanity Fair” was published In the Spring of 1938, Mr. Reed has been travelling through Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia and Hungary, studying the spread of Germany's tentacles, and In hie new book he Indicates the methods by which Nar?, propaganda is being developed throughout Eastern Enr-¦	¦similar fate to that of
DO YOU KNOW: That a most commendable piece of legislation has been drafted, that will permit the Judge presiding at any divorce hearing to order the exclusion of the public from the court “where he deems It to be in the Interest of public decency and morals"? (Judicature Amendment Act).
RED SCHOOLHOUSE GOING Apparently the famous, old “little red schoolhouse” is on the way out. Better communications and the falling birth-rate in rural communities have accelerated this
The primitive educa-

By VIC BAKER
her than
4» L
ANGLERS MIGHT FIGHT FOR
CANADA!
It seems that the old fishing rod is destined to become as important # symbol in international politics as Chamberlain's umbrella.
Ontario’s Deputy Minister of Game ana Fisheries, D. J. “Jim" Taylor, thinks Canada's game fish might prove an inducement to the United States to intervene If the Dominion were invaded by foreign armies.
In an address to the Northern Ontario Tourist Trade Association annual dinner at Toronto recently (Mar. 31) he was heard to say; "What good fisherman down in the United States is going to sit idly by and see some Nazi sitting over his favorite Canadian fishing hole?" We never thought of it that way!
process.
tional facilities have produced men who attained remarkable success in every walk of life. It is to be hoped that the raortf modern equipment will enable the oncoming generation to deal with the even more baffling problems with which they will soon be confronted.—London Free Press.
That fruit stores throughout the Province may shortly be exempted from the provision of early closing by-laws? (Statute Law Amendment Act.) .... This may not be at all popular with many shopkeepers In small centres who sell, lots of other things besides fruit . . . .
ope, sees a Czechoslovakia in store for Hun-and Rumania, and suggests
pry __p_,	—
that this Is merely the preliminary to Nazi domination of Britain. Him exposition of, and comments upon, Nazi propaganda are relieved by a series of brilliantly written pictures of various smaller European nationalities and their way of living.
Will Never "Peter Out”
From east to west but chiefly In the northern hlntei)and, Canada has secured a source of revenue such as its mines have never produced before. But the tourist trade is less stable and assured than is our gold production. But In years of prosperity it is rare important than gold bullion in our national economy. It Is, In fact, a veritable gold mine that will never "peter out".


That the Government will not embark upon highways expenditures and other projects on borrowed money (this year)? .... Said the Premier: "I may say for the benefit of delegations who will be besieging us in a few weeks that we do not propose to build highways on borrowed money. Certain highways developments already started, however, will be complet-
Huge Egg Mart Open In Britain
Robert Montgomery. Metro-Goldwyæ Mayer etar, beeldee owning a (afR In Now York State also has a ef of excellent ndlng horses at Southern California estate. Monti ery spends three months of each on his eastern farm and even 1 working In pictures finds ample for outdoor aotlritiea
. . by
"Disgrace Abounding" • •
Toronto: Thoe.
. . $3 00.
Douglas Reed Nelson & Sons . .
sees
The war In China did not apparently affect the bens of that country, for last year It exported 88.000,000 pounds of frozen eggs to Great Britain, which is the largest Importer of poultry and eggs in the world. Annually Britain requires 300,000,000 dozen fresh eggs and roughly 86,000,000 dozen frozen eggs. Canada, it was disclosed at the Eastern Canada Marketing conference, supplies the Mother Country with only 1,500,000 dozen of fresh eggs and has not been able to compete with China in the price for frozen eggs.
Dressed Poultry, Too In dressed poultry Britain imports around 60 million pounds * year from 25 different countries. Canada was fourth in the list in 1117 with 4,000,000 pounds and sixth last year, and was second in the supply of 120,000 pounds of
canned poultry. ,
Increase Size Of Flocke W. A. Brown, chief of the Poultry Division. Ottawa, suggested that Canada should expand its poultry industry by 25 per cent, and set itself an export objective of 60,000,000 dozen eggs, 30 to 40 million pounds of poultry and 600,000 pounds of canned poultry. Canada's production of eggs In 1937, according to the Bureau of Statistics was 219,443,000 dozen eggs produced from "3,861,000 hens, and Mr. Brown suggested that farmers should increase the size of their flocks and that producers should strive to export 3% lb. to 4 lb. dressed poultry for the British market.
By Fred Neb*
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Cows On Pasture Need Grain Feed
¦ed."
BUBBLES
ONTARIO CLUB HUNTS CROWS
The Skinner Sports Clnb of Toronto held its first crow hunt of the season the other day, but judging by the raucous "caws" emanating from the fields and ravines in the vicinity of Hogg's Hollow, scene of the fray, after the hunt was over proves it wasn't any too successful.
Some 40 gportsmen took part In the hunt for the elusive black birds just north of Toronto. No count of the victims was made after an afternoon of good, clean sport but it was certain that almost all the thousands of crows seen flying about escaped the concentrated Are.

That wears may be taken in Ontario by licensed hunters (resident and non-resident) for their own use without paying a roy 'ty (Game and Fisheries Amendment Act). Pardon me, madam, could you use an extra bear?


Dairy Specialist Offer. Some
Good Advice _



%
When cows are turned on good pasture In the spring and early summer, the amount of grain fed In their ration can be reduced, said John A. Arey, extension dairy specialist at State College.
Grazing on lush grasses, a cow obtain enough nutrient» with the roughage to sustain her body weight and produce a certain quantity of milk.
" Compensate For Extra Milk
A Holstein cow can eat enough grass to maintain body weight and produce about 30 pounds of milk a day—a Jersey cow 20 pounds. But when producing more milk, the cows should receive enough grain to compensate for the extra milk given.
A Holstein on good pasture needs about two-fifths of a pound of gralr for each pound of milk she produces daily above 30 pounds.
A Jersey on good pasture, because her milk Is richer In butter fat, will need about three-fifth# of a pound of grain for each pound of milk she produces above 20 pounds a day.
)
A special ten-day session of the Legislature to deal with the "trials and tribulations of Toronto" was advocated in a budget debate speech by F. B. Brownridge (Lib Stormont) .... He referred specifically to the Queen City's bid for government assistance in building a sewage disposal plant. . . .
o
I
>
a
0
• •
•9
S'!
can
•7 m

The Legislative Chamber will shortly be completely redraped at a .cost of $4,872.64, in preparation for the impending visit of Their Majesties. . . . Nothing like a Royal Visit In the offiug to get that paint Job done. . . . Too bad the reform wave couldn't go a bit deeper. . . . Conservatives and Liberals could both clean hduse, junk all the skeletons In the closets. . . . But 'twpuld take more than a Royal Visit to accomplish that. . . . What .do you think?
P
Hospitality Is Good Business
\


Means Big Reven Try Courtesy
O
During the past five years Canada has received an estimated $6*1,#00,000 of revenues from tourists in excess of the amount that Canadian tourists have spent abroad, says the Financial Times. How very considerable this Item la In the balance of international pay-
Dictators Can't Stop Pedalling
Mi ad If I beak with ,*« taaigbt ... I'm afraU to .laop
u
By Frank Baum
A dictator Is up against the same proposition as a man on a bicycle.
"He can't stop pedaling," last week said Jan Masaryk, former •Csecho-Slovaklan Minister to Loudon and son of the defunct democracy's founder. He's got to keep on pedaling or hell fall off.
Mr. Masaryk. who was suffering | from a cold and was so hoarse fieed was barely able to speak, drew his comparison when reporters asked him If he thought "public opinion In the democracies would ‘stop Hitler".
He hurried off to his hotel suite. Later Mr. Masaryk sailed aboard the Normandie for Loudon, where ke will take up his residence.
Wool is taken from the pelts of •battoir-killed speed and lambs m weol pulleries. The M.<nitobh crop report estimates that from 89,000 Manitoba sheep and lambs sent te the markets m 1938 » total of* 267,000 pounds was taken h en the basis of three pounds of wool pot
WONDERLAND OF OZ


t <.
t
*- 4

D


V
••

/
Am they rode along Aunt Em etarted an
argument with Billina about the proper
way to ralae chickens. 11	¦
In*. “I think I know more about chickens than yon do." “Pshaw r" said Aunt Em. Tve railed chickens for years and you've get to stuff them to make good broilers."_ "Broilers!-* cried Billina. JF;at my chickens?" * the Saw-Horse.
I'd like to know
"That looks like a path," said the W isard. "Let's try IL" "All right answered Dorothy. "I'm anxious to ass what the Rigmaroles are like, and this path ought to take us there." No one made any objection. so the Saw-Horse turned onto the path, which proved to bo good. At first thoy passed a few farm houses, hut soon these dwellings were left behind, and only
,T# before them.
"Then why need we go back to the
crossroadsT" asked the Captain General.
"Let's branch off here." There Isn't any path." assert ed Uncle Henry. "Then we
&y«jpr jusa.'wr.f *
hira-enough e dim path seemed to branch
ft from the road they were em and It
- heast
asked the «Wizard vs rum>Tg, and started back "Why Osma laid out the
'
f* r
eft Piidd I
"Well," said mm-
i he
along the road
ip
^^^Jrspllei Dorothy, “ai
mm u- see the Jtigmsrojtx.
M
the Rigmaroles?" 1 don't kootv
rsturhedthsgirl, "but It ¦
wn I
I


Excuse ms," interrupted "The path Is ended ana
which way to go.


mi
the Mendows and trees
a Just m

¦


Dfït




• ...
###PAGE###8###
GOWLING BUSINESS PS COLLEGE
Look Here
Woolen Garment» Traced
to Old Testament Times
As far back as we have a written record In the hiatory of man, the production and uses of wool and its importance in the lives of man form a very interesting study. .In view of the large flocks of sheep men-tloned In the days of Jacob, of Old Testament fame, I think we nr* Justified in assuming that Joseph e coat of many colors, the envy of his brothers, was made of woolen cloth, states a writer in the Missouri Farmer. 1 can imagine many soft, clinging, finely woven dresses in the wardrobe of the queen of Sheba when she made her famous visit to the home of Solomon. Beneath the armor of the legions of Caesar were heavy woolen garments to protect them from the cold during their winter- campaigns in the North.
We like to think that the coat whose ownership was decided by the casting of lots on Calvary was of heavy woolen cloth, as it was worn by our Lord to protect Him from cold and rain.
The tents of the nomads of Asia are of wool, so tightly woven that they shed water. The Blue and Gray wool uniforms of the Civil veterans, the blue wool clothing during the Spanish-American days, the khaki uniforms of the World war soldiers, and the patterns of weave and tailoring worn by our and girls, these are but few of the many uses of wool.
gent patients.—Carried.
Letter of Mrs. L. Belisle presented.
Motion — Crs. Martineau Farrell — That Patrick Rose be authorised to give Mrs. L. Belisle $6.50 worth of supplies for the month of May 1039.
Motion by Crs. Martineau Armitage, that the following accounts be [approved and paid : — Insane account 1938, $216.00 ; John J. O’Donnell, account to date, meals and hay, $2.60,—Carried.
Motion—Crs. Dagg-Martineau—That this Council adjourn until June 6th, 1939 at one o’clock in the afternoon — Carried.
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
FOR SALB-One 1930 Desoto Sedan, In condition Apply to L. Yovno or Smith, King Street, Shawvllle.
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
rt.
WANTED — A good housekeeper of middle age. Apply In person to Mrs. Job. Hunt, Victoria Ave., Shawyllle. Phone 53.
FOR SALK—Bulck Car. in good condition ; also Star Sedan, and a quantity of mixed clover and timothy hay. to Norris Brownlee, Shawville
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.60

Apply , Que.
W. K. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Andrew Farrell,
Sec-Trees
¦ •+
I

FOR SALE-A pair of Clyde Colts coming two and three years old. Apply to John A. Sturgeon, R. R. No. 3, Shawville. Phone 17-6.
X
r
Mexican Religions Ceremony
Las Posadas is a Mexican religious ceremony at Our Lady of Guadalupe center—and in other Spanish and Mexican settlements throughout the country. Nine nights before Christmas a N candle-lighted procession following the Holy Pair, whose images are solemnly carried, weaves its way from door to door, seeking shelter for the Holy Pair who can find "no room in the Inn." Finally, it is explained that shelter is sought for the Virgin Mary and the door is thrown open. All are received with great rejoicing and a celebration of song and dance follows.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
25 cents
Finger Waves Shampoo, -
• FOR SALE—1 Findlay Range, In good condition and good Refrigerator. Both a good buy. Can be «ween at W. A. Mo-Knight’s,Phone 15—5, or apply to Mas A. McKniuht. Box 378; Almonte, Ont.
)
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oefice — In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Que.
25 cents
FOR SALE — 1929 Pontiac De Lux Coupe, with four practically new tires. For farther particulars epply to Percy Ballanttre, Maryland. Phone, 8 10.
FOR SALE— A quantity of Banner Seed Oats, from registered seed. An ply to James T. Cvthbebtson, R. R. No. 8, Shawville.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a m. to 11.00 p.m.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
• •
Adv
Solloltop, ete.
Omci : Campbell’! Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
PIGS FOR SALE - Young Pig», for Bale, ready to take May 5th. Apply to Paul Perry, Barry River, Calumet Island, Que.	„
war worn war i
Miss Vera Klatt
Quebec
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
FOR SALE—Pair matched Clyde Colts, mare and gelding, three years old, well broken ; one black horse. 1450 lbs., rising eight years ; one aged mare, and a four wheeled trailer. Apply to Earl Dodh, Maryland, Que. Phone 23-6.
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B
Advocate, Barrister, etc. Maim Street . . T Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e ’ery Friday evening.
The Happa Dog
The Happa dog is identical in every respect with the Pekinese ex cept that his coat is short and smooth. It is a very old breed, originating like the Peke, in China The pug is said to be a descendant of the ancient Happa Dutch sailors are believed to have brought the Happa to Holland and from there they were taken to England. Aftei neing crossed with other breeds he resultant offspring became thi ,Aigs, as we now know them.
women
O.L.
s I
Hull, Qui.
Bald Mountains Never Explained Pyjgjpmi balds' — defoliaged mountain tops in North Carolina— puzzle ecologists. Although nearby higher peaks are covered with dense forests of fir and spruce* these balds have refused to yield timber within the memory of the oldest Indian records. Nothing in soil or climate has been found to explain the phenomenon.
Numerous
FOR SALE — A dappled grey work horse, 16001b»., aged 10 year*. In good condition and mound In every way ; also one waggon and one buggy. Apply to Jok Dumas, Maryland. Que. Phone 5-15.
• «
Men! Dress up
For Spring
FOR SALF, — Dark grey registered
"jMSÏÛRfàSSI DONAT Le GUERRIER
in part payment. Price $850 00. Apply to Thomas Pierunck, R. R. 3, Renfrew.
Ont.
B.A
LL. B..
• I
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress the new spring shades,
$22.50 and $25.00
«
Branch at Quyon ; will cell any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondents
DR. DAFOE CHOOSE
Spring Shirts
By Forsyte
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drunmond Medical Building
md Street MONTREAL, QUE. -FLATEAU 1311
\
Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar
D
A


$1.55 and $2.00
*
cm etiseys spot Dr. Allan Roy
qfW,
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Sell 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
a
The “Morgan” Hat,
$1.75 and $2.95
I


A %
im
m
Gloves, Hose and Neckwear


$



BELAI* 3167
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
%
>
D. J. CAMPBELL
e

m

Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE


Duff, that the Mayor be appointed to interview Mr. Keon re this matter.
Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons-McNeill, that Geo Henderson be appointed to collect garbage at Norway Bay for the months of July and August at $48.00 for the two months.
A letter was read from Fred Cooney complaining about the Ragged Chute bridge ; motion by Crs Orr-Henderson, that Wm. Beattie be appointed to look at this bridge along with the road foreman and have it repaired.
A letter was read from Victor Em merson. No action taken.
On motion of Crs Fitzsimmons and McNeill the following bills were approved and ordered paid :
Geo. D. Drummond, welding. . $ 3 00
John Ade, labor on road......
J. Miller supplies to J. Macdon-
Phone SI,
Bristol Council



> A

<

Dp. R. G. DOCKS
m
May 1st, 1939.
Regular session of the Municipal Council of Bristol met on above date, present, Mayor McLellan and Councillors, Duff, Fitzsimmons, Henderson and McNeill.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of Fitzsimmons and Henderson were adopted.
Councillors Beattie and Orr took their seats.
On motion of Cr. Beattie the meeting adjourned until two o’clock to go to Norway Bay to inspect road
Meeting resumed with same members present.
On motion of Crs Orr Duff, the following changes in the Municipal officers were made :
Road Division No. 15 to Sam Knox
" 18 u H ugh Ross 11 20 11 Guy Fletcher
Motion by Crs Henderson-Beattie, that this Council have the trees grubbed out in line with the electric poles across Lots 10 and 11 at Norway Bay.
Mr. T. J. Moorhead appeared on behalf of the Ottawa Valley Bureau ; Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons and Henderson, that a grant of $25.00 be given to this Association.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Henderson-McNeill, that this Council request the Department of Roads to accept for maintenance the road leading from Bristol Village to Norway Bay Station, by the Municipality paying their share of the unfinished portion of the road—Carried.
Charles Russell appeared and complained about stones being put into his field and bis fence being left down and also his gate being broken when the road was bein Motion by Crs
Cr McNeill be appointed to have the road foreman attend to these complaints.
A petition was read from a number of Ratepayers, of Bristol Village, asking that the new road be dragged ; motion by Crs. Orr-Fitzsimmons, that tenders be called for dragging this road at *od best way to ditch public ^road on weekly intervals daring Jane and the 9th Concession, Lots 1 and 2, to September and tri-weekly during July control the water and sand from and August. Tenders to be in by Jane causing damage to adjoining properties^
and report their opinion to this Council
___? __• _ _ $ *
!
MB
1
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
. ...
^................................ 1I
i
W.
4
w



•y . .
••an- «
The "Little Dee" Takes Delivery of his 5th
H. K. NEILSON. M.D.
6 00
Eye, Ear, Host and Throat Specialist
aid
ic
ILDI
13 45
Motion by Crs Beattie-Henderson, that motion No. 10 passed on February 7th, 1938, be recinded, and that in future our Mayor represent this Council on the committee of the Shawville Community Hospital—Carried.
On motion of Cr Duff the meeting adjourned.
ISO METCALFE STREET,
Si
OTTAWA, - ONT.
' PNOMI, E—7901
44
o you want to know why Dr. D$foe makes Chevrolet his choice? Then
take the wheel and let the car itself tell you. Drive it in traffic- and
acceleration. Drive it on
JAMES A. MILLAR
L LiLi
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER. ele|
#29 Main St
AI Pontiac Hons#, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’e Hotel, CnmpbelPsBny,
every Wednesday morning.
D
a. a
Tourists
H. I. Smith,
Sec-Treas.
• #
you’ll quickly prove that Chevrolet is first in the hill»—and you’ll know that Chevrolet ie first in hilUlimbing ability.
Hull,Que.
• t
Minutes o Council Onslow North
Compare it all along the line and you’ll find that Chevrolet is not only the liveliest of all low-priced cars, but the leader in features—the leader in
and therefore the leader in sales! Come take a ride . . . prove
. May 1st, 1930 .
The regular meeting of the Municipality of Onslow North was held on the above date, present : Andrew Daley, mayor, and Councillors, Martineau, Farrell, Armitage and Dagg.
Motion by Crs. Dagg Martineau, that minutes of April 3rd, 1939, as read be adopted.
litter of Miss Kate Morrissey presented.
Motion by Crs. Dagg Mayor Andrew Daley, Co itage, and Road Foreman, P, Dolan, be authorised to investigate the ground
value
Chevrolet’s superiority in every way . . . today. Low monthly payments
R» MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
on the General Motors Instalment Plan.
g improved last Fall. Beattie Henderson, that
III MAIN STRICT,
' flN mJ. kw-friud cor emtio** "AU MATS UST AT LOWIST COST/”
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
-Farrell, that uncillor Arm-
C-
John L. Hodgins

W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Belllff Superior Court
3rd.
Motion by Crs Henderson-Duff, tbtt Wm Beattie be appointed to look at the Account of Shawville Community hills and bridge on the 9th Coneeseion Hospirsl presented, opposite Lot 10.	Motion by Crs Martineau-Dagg, that
Leo Kbon again appeared re the light Andrew Farrell, Sec -Tress, be autboriz-at his door ; motion by Os Beattie and | ed to get legal advice regarding indi
Quebec
Shawville
t m
OUR CHEVROLET DEALER
H1IY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER
SHAWVILLE - QUE.

AL
c


s >
<**¦=*¦
