###PAGE###1###
1
* it


m
i

No 24, i7iH Year
$1.50 psp annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State*
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1039
I
The Red Ci os* helps nil who are in pain or distress. Won’t you help too ?
Dr, R. 0. Docke will be away froji his Shawville Office from Friday evening, December 1st, until Tuesday morning, December 12th.	7
GEORGES CARON [COWLING
BUSINESS
PERSONAL MENTION
0. A., #. C L.
Advocate, Barrister
Shawville Hardware
Mr. Jin void Clmnt, of Toronto, visited his wife mid children for the week end.
Mr. iind Mis. Clarke L. Cowan, of Toronto, are spending this week with their relatives in town.
Mrs. James Donahue, of St. Johns, Que., is visiting at the home ot her sister, Mrs. J. P. Wilson,
At CampbeTs Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Tliis old reJinIde school has removed to larger nud finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a
reputation. Open nil year.
Barn Equipment
The United Church W.M.S. will meet in the Sunday School room on Thursday at 3.00 p. m, The Associate Helpers will bo special
Mrs. 9. B, McDowell's
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer BeillfT Superior Court
„ guests
" group in charge. Refreshment#.
The United Church Sunday IDf”;	M„utlSfque?*&t2d| SHAWVILLE
School has decided to have^their | their relatives in town for the annual Christmas tree and pro l week end gramme in the hall on Friday.	^	e t w .
December 15 Practices are al	Mr. and Mrs J. M. Argue visit-
ready under way in preparation	the home of the roVm
for an excellent programme.	biother, Dr Henry Arguë,
Mount Forest, Ont., last week.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Boden and children, of Uracebridge, Ont., are visiting at the home of Mrs. Bo den's father, Mr, G. A. Howard.
established
an
QUE.
Stable Brooms,
Stable Shovels,
Ensilage Forks,
Manure Forks,
Straw Forks,
Cow Chains,
Chain Slides,
Curry Combs, Horse Blankets.
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.O.C.M.
W. I. COWUMC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe!
er s
Teacher ef Piano, Theory of Music and Harmony
, at
I wish to inform the public that 1 will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong s residence, Main Street, Shawville, on Tuesday of each week.
JAMES A. MILLAR
IL.Li
ADVOCATE, APRiniF. ttc.
129 MainSt
ÀtPontiecHouie, Shewville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Wednesd
Basaar at Shawville Theatre
Friday -this week
B A
• f
The annual Bazaar upon sored by the members of St. Paul's Angli-
Phone 22—14
, Mrs. Hanley Corrigan, of Sault can Ladies' Guilds, of Shawville, Ste Marie, ha» been a guest of her is to be held on Friday of this | mother in law, Mrs. F. F Corrigan.
and other relatives in this district
Hull, Que.
• »
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
PLAT MM «3 IS
week.
Sale of fancy work, homo cooking and other articles will com-
for the kiddies. Afternoon Tea Howard
will be served from 3 to 6 o’clock.	Mr. Mahlon Haye», of Toronto.
Mach fifty cants worth of arti- Miss Dorothy Hayes, Reg. N., of des purchased will entitle the Weston, Out, accompanied * by purchaser to a chance for the Mr# Herb Brigger spent the week•
Christmas Cake which is to be end at the home of their int ents given away. During the evtmiug Mr, and Mrs. W. J. Hayes, the Shawville A. Y P. will present
a three-act play, entitled, “He’s	---------
A special door prize of a turkey	¦
is to be given away to someone Preaching Mission
attending the evening perfor	—
If you wish for a chance With the auditorium of the on the turkey, ask for a ticket at Church filled on Sunday night, the door in the evening Your the Preaching Mission held in the need for pity.
paid admission fee to the play en- United Church came to a close | Cross. __
titles you to a chance if asked for. with a strong farewell message by No charge is made for admission Rev. T. A Woods, of Ashton, who to the Bazaar during the after- had been preaching since Wednes
25 cents will be charged day. The services were largely	Stitt—Smith
attended each night and the i„ the manse of the Presbyterian bright "ong .ervue and inspiring Cburch *t Fort Coulonge, Qua . preaching wore much enjoyed by tbe marriage of Misa Annie Muiiel those attending.	Smith, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John 0. Smith, to Mr. Walter
isSf Ip=“ Br,“1 ipSiSIs
d.KKSiOT'sa s..:	doI,iat l« guerr|er
of the Red Cross Society.	in Shawville The*c funds will	be	Princes« linos, and designed with
B. B. Armstrong acted as	chair-	1Hed to purchase materials such	a«	bustle effect in the back. Her ac-
mnn and Mrs.	Kuaeel tirant	as	yarn, flannel,	cotton, etc., to maire t.egsorie(i were brown, and	she
wretary.	socks, sweater», pneumonia jack wore a ,.0rsnge bouquet of	red
fjt	Ss jri'fciuKdte,
son ; vice president. Mis.	Fred	on Monday end Tuesday. Dec.	4	Immediately following the cere-
Dale; Secretary, Mrs. K. II.	Arm*	and 5, and all the community	is	mfmy the couple left for Ottawa _
. Sfeasnc--*"» SSfrE
Unit. Considerable knitting was try to make the life of the men |
done with yarn	received directly	under arms	as comfortable as I Fto. and Mrs Gilbert Young
from the Red Cross Society.	po^ ible and	the Red Cross will ‘ Honoured at Bristol
Eleven ladies were present and help in this worthy object, several who were unable to attend An office has been opened in the requested that yarn be sent them, q a. Howard building and units
The next meeting to be at the desiring materials for work may borne of Mrs Walter Moffatt on call there.
Tuesday evening, Dec. 5th.	__^_____
Mrs, J. H. Bryden and children have returned to their home in
raorni
EARL AND 0. ROW AT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGil University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
OcriGK— In the G. F.Hudgins Build it p Main Street, Que.
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. Weft MONTREAL. QUE.
:
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Many Attended
BELAIR 3 267
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
f
ma nve.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
UmcE : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
In a world torn by war, there is
Help the Red
»
MARRIED
In Times Like These
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister etc.
Main Street . - Hull, Que.
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Puntia House, Shawville, Que e-ery Friday evening.
noon.
for the evening performance.
i
Jl
y
No. 10 School District
The buying Public can easily understand that no two
stores sell out of merchandise at the same time j
!|*
and consequently there will be a wide variety of j| retail prices until markets are definitely settled, 'll Customers are assured our prices are adjusted at L closest legitimate margins, and war or no war, we ||; are here to serve you	|l
<*
¦.a
• 9
##
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Mattel* dealt with by correspondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT BARRISTER 789 MAIN STREET
PHONE, 2-2219
A large gathering of friend» and relatives were present at a reeep tion on Saturday evening Nov.
25th, at the Pine Lodge, Bristol, given in honor Pie and Mis Gil bert Young, of Ottawa Pte Young, recently of El inside, and three immediate friends also members of the Cameron High landers, attended in kilt uniform giving the occasion a touching colour which warmed the hearts of all present.
Many useful and beautiful gifts were given including a charming floor lamp, representing the esteem held by the community for thA
Hi-Ur.nl with about forty live in Mr. McDowell was a life long newlyweds	,	,
"	*	"phe county presi resident of Clarendon, being born The evening was spent in danc*
W 1 Mnrrav presided, in Charteris section 64 years ago, ing interspersed with entertain-
-ni a
Sîïfrt&.-Sïïiïa'ïS:	-Ratz,
? * n Mr T P Ritchie asst hor Midden passing has occasioned provided the music for the occa-
•SN«^gMS^=3r.-r*
WÊÊT
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot's Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
Christmas Buying
Do your Christmas shopping early
Thomas E. McDowell Dies Suddenly
i
Presented at Banquet
Most of our merchandise is priced far below replace-
We are well supplied with Holiday Goods and Gifts and invite inspection.
D. J. CAMPBELL
gpoapatfW^M'-MHT^MR-— tntes of Pontiac County, Farmers’ Magazine of. To banquet was i
ment costs.
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Women's Insti »n FHd.y morning when Th,,m>ts and the E McDowell, collapsed and died
banquet vTe"-T5dïnThÆmVt h£ fcrmwit.S of St. Andrew » United Church, limit#
Bristol, with about forty five in I
ÊÉ(i3Bmm^MÊtÈÊÊÈtÊBlÊÊtÊKM
I
Phone 8 I.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
o
Dental Surgeon
O
Graduate of McUil University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 10
At CampumU’s Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
As Usual

Our Grocery Department is replete with almost every thing required for your Christmas and New Years Baking.
Our Sales People are instructed to give every consideration, service, prices and attention to all our customers and our hope is that even in War Time we all mqy have a Good Christmas.

H. K. NEILSON, M.D
Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Special)!
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
ONT.
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7861
INSURANCE
REP KBS BN TING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
ill
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Shawville
Quebec
and the
au
QUE
R W. Hodgins. Sec.-Trwe. SHAWVILLE
tütt:
ou» and beautiful.

"g.
###PAGE###2###
*
Rural Women Can
Help Build Up
Dominion
when Erneat Thorvald approached him tentatively about the portrait of his daughter.
Ernest Thorvald was the owner of a California ranch as big, Derek told her, as gome European kingdoms, on which he lived like a feudal baron. . . . The pupils of Derek’s eyce had been very wide and black as he told Constance about Ms meeting with MBaron Grapefruit" as he called him.
"If I can land this commission, Connie." he said, "it will give me so much publicity that I'll be able to sell anything l paint." Then his face darkened. "If only the girl hasn’t a squint or a harelip."
As the matter hung fire. Derek had grown restless and irritable. Then last evening, just two days before their approaching wedding, he had rushed in excited as a schoolboy, with the news that Mr. Thorvald was coming today to the studio to look at some more of his work. Constance must not mind if she did not hear from him until late in the evening.
Yet this was only morning, and here was a note from IVbek. Constance opened the envelop, a tender little smile on her lips.
When she had read it through, she glanced unbelievingly at the signature and read it through carefully, painfully Again. Then she stood for a long time motionless, staring dry-eyed across the bleak little park outside—no more bleak in the thin sunshine than the froz-smlle that still lingered palely
JOIN THE
"H DOES test* good in # pipe!"
HANOy UAUHOHT POUCH . IS#
V44.B. "LOtC-TOP" TIN . 40# tho ptcktd fn Poclnt Tins





To The Point Where Canada Can Be Power For Peace In the World Home Is Bulwark, W. I. Speaker Declares
D
Well-Ordered
STAMP CLUB

To build up Canada to become the power she will need to be If there is to be peace In a troubled world Is a contribution In % which the rural women of the Dominion can play a major part.
This was the message of Mrs. Alfred Watt, president of tho Associated Countrywomen of the World, to the Western Ontario Women's Institutes in a recent address at London, Ontario.
The speaker uVged the women of the W.I., affiliated Into the larger world organization, to remember that they were saving their civilization as well as that of
It would be lllogl-to let our
IlhvuvaI
# For ten cent: end the label end. showing the teapot bade-mark, horn any packet of SALADA TEA we will ,end you ; e Beginner’s Outfit of : 1—64 page Stamp Album. 1-100
i all-different stamps. 1 -Big list of thousands of stamps offered
| Free In exchange for SALADA le be Is.
i SALADA STAMP CLU1 - 4*1 King St. W., Toronto
33
#
•IN It
•It
!

ÿiich must be grated flue when jUly mixture is about lukewarm; add the apple. When the mixture is quite thick, almost set, add the marshmallows, gently pushing them under the mixture, and serve with topping of whipped cream.
i


7
T

!
wxzv
A
A
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
L
Chill
B
I
K
L
YOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
S
E
M
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interest ing menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stomped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to «olv# vour problems
Copyright, IÇ3Ô, NEA Servit#, lut.
Just Too Handsome
She had first seen Derek Man-thon over a year ago at the opening night of the International Exhibit—he had won Honorable Mention that year—and she thought that of all the artists present, he was the only one who really looked the vole—tall, dark, and handsome In his formal black, with an arrogant, beautiful sweep of profile, and that burning, Impatient look In his blue eyes that melted so swiftly into boyish win-
when he spoke or smiled.
It was the next morning that she had looked up to see him standing by the desk in the American gallery marked "Information" where she presided. He began without taking his eyes from a list he held In his hand, "I wonder if you
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
own
other peoples cal." Mrs. Watt said,
civilization go down while we
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
CHAPTER 1
own
try to save parts of Europe." The world president saw the abandonment of normal services as a great death blow of the state. She told the rural women that much specific "war work" could be left to the city women; that the country woman's responsibility was the problem of farm production. How that problem would develop in the years ahead, the speaker couldn't Canada is well fixed In food supplies at the present time. Hut the war may bring increased and shifting populations; there may be a return of former Canadians, an influx of European refugees, a great Industrial development. The problem of the food supply is the problem of the farm woman. Mrs. Watt said.
When Dereks note came that morning, Constance stood for a moment, holding it unopened in caressing fingers, her eyes on the bleak, frozen desolation of the little park across the street.
She had always loved the little park. Having it there, framed by her front windows, lent an illusion of spaciousness to her cozy chintz-hung apartment.
Only last night she and Derek had eaten supper at the table by the windows golden souffle, asparagus, a salad, hot biscuit with honey, some of the cheese Derek liked so much, and a very special bottle of wine. And there had been yellow roses on the table and yellow candles in the silver candlesticks workers at the Art Museum had sent her for a wedding present.
The candlesticks had come while she was setting the table; and Derek had insisted on using them at once. "After all "why wait two whole days? . . . . We ll be married the day after tomorrow. anyhow."
Desserts That
Are Different
Every household has its favorite desserts, as well as other weekly dishes regularly served, but everyone now and then longs for a change or something different in regular routine. One must not desert one's ambition for new desserts. Try these tested recipes and I am Sure they will be socially registered as permanents with
your family.
had
Autumn Twilight
en
Blue dusk is kind to an autumn farm,
Frosting each leaf with moonlit charm.
But midnight's magic is dark and bold,
Crisping the pond kith sudden cold.
Slow twilight drenching •he orchard wall
Softly with dew is best of all.
Oh, be not startled if, in a trice,
Wildly your heart turns over twice.
When silver apples, with rustling sound, •
Drop from the tree to star the ground.
As twilight pours, like a purple spell,
Out of the Dipper over the well.
—In Christian Science Monitor
on her lips
(To Be Continued)
say
Fur-Trimmed
someness
There has been a
Sweaters
GINGER-NUT RICE
cup rice
2 quarts boiling water 1 teaspoon salt
1	quart cold water
2	cups chopped candied ginger
and syrup
% cup marshmallows cut in small pieces % cup pecan nuts 2/3 cup fruit sugar Ik tea-spoon salt Add rice to boiling water with salt; cook until tender about 40 . To preserve shape of rice be and not have it overcooked. Drain; rinse wtih cold water and place in cool place until ready tt> serve. Have ready ginger syrup ( made by chopping % cup candied ginger covered with 2 cups water and ls cup sugar; boil these ingredients together 20 minutes), add to rice; also marshmallows which have been cut fine. Lastly fold in stiffly beaten cream and chopped nuts. Serve in sherbet glasses and top with cherry. DATE PUDDING 4 tablespoons butter 2 cup corn vyrup a cup milk cup brown sugar •j teaspoon soda U teaspoon salt 1 egg
*4 teaspoon cloves M teaspoon allspice \ teaspoon nutmeg 17g flour
Vj lb. dates stoned and cut fine Melt the butter, add the well beaten egg, milk and molasses. Add the dry ingredients, which have been sifted together and lastly add the dates. Steam for 2l,i hours and serve with sugar sauce. Serves C.
NEW YORK.—The fur-trimmed sweater is a new mode here. Made ir. short-sleeved styles with slide fastener up the centre front, these models have fur outlining closing, bordering garment and fashioning little pockets. .
her fellow
can
Raise Living Standard
"Our destiny Is to educate the people," Mrs. Watt said. 'It is harder to raise the standard of living than to raise money but it is the sensible thing to try to raise that standard in one’s own community rather than to relieve other organizations of their responsibilities."
•‘Build up our country," urged the speaker, herself n Canadian by birth. "Canada ls a land of unlimited resources but we have been
Then he looked at her, and the pupils of his eyes widened in their singularly clear, transparent irises in the way she came to know so well.
Tailored Suit For Boy»
ECONOMICAL TO MAKE
he had said,
Merciful Heavens!" he explod-
Now why, 1 wonder,
4
ed softly hasn't some one told you not to disfigure yourself with that particularly poisonous shade of green?'*
mm
sure
Constance had
2935
SIZES » - I#
Before supper shown him some of the new clothes she had bought—the smoke-blue satin dinner dress just the shade of her eyes; the velvet that wasn't brown or rust or burnt orange, bui had a touch of all three—"1 must paint you in that," Derek had said. Th. n there were the white knitted suit with the variegated scarf; the bouffant gray coat with the swirl tboul the hem, and the
I
/
»
Impertinence
The look he bent upon the bit of green s!lk at the throat of her black frock held such active dislike that Constance barely managed to keep lur hand front flying protectively to tha scarf. After an outraged heart-bea said in a voice which site man aged to k»*ep le\el and quietly am
FOR COLDS that’s SAFE
/
rr
wasteful.**
The speaker saw the well ordered home us a bulwark against any form of enmity; the self-sustaining community as a guarani disorder.
t
vk v
/
; v"

against
k
however, she
U
How To Cook
Apple A Day
of fur
saucy red hat with a bag to match. . . . And, of course, the gay posy-garden smre lits—* To w ear w hen I’m cleaning your bn sites for yon.
X
used
FOLLOW 3 STEPS SHOWN -THE SAFEST FAST REtFBF „ YOU CAN USE
••Perhaps because no one who knows me well enough would be gull;y of siiwh an imp rtinonc#."
he said shortly.
i
Mineral f Content And Some Vitamins In Popular Fruit
Red or yellow, striped or blushing, an apple is a worthwhile bit of nourishment.
Eaten with the skin on. it helps to keep the digestive tract in normal health. Also, a good deal of the mineral content of the apple is also
uear th© skin small amounts of three vitamin», C. B. and O. These contributions especially of vitamin C. take on importance when the apple is .1 frequent Item in the diet.
Juct A Little Water
Most Important thing to reu-eni ber in rooking apples is to oe spiring with water, because the fruit is over four-fifths water and muni of this cooks out. Use only enough water In applesauce to cook Lie fruit soft without scorcblug just enough In baked apples to keep them from sticking to
Use none in scalloped appiês pie or apple brown belly.
To Bring Out Flavour
Spices in moderation add piqu ancy to apple dishes and nutmeg blend in with the delicate apple flavor without stealing the taste spotlight. Sprinkle nut meg on applesauce just before it if? to ue eaten, otherwise, It is apt to make the flavor bitter aa the sauce stands. Bring out apple flavor with a bit of salt.
For something special: cover the Apple pie with cheese cut into thin slices or grated, and put lu a very moderate oven until the cheese melts. The pie should he served
It comes out of the
darling.’*
She had told him how much this gorgeousness had run
•My dear girl "don’t talk nonsense. It's no impertinence to hate seeing beauty outraged."
He moved abruptly away; but half way to the door he turned to call softly over his shoulder with of his sudden flashing smiles. And I'm not talking about the
¦v
v
money
into—all her savings, except the ten-dollar gold coin she had tucked away in the purse she was to carry.
The prospect of life with Derek had demanded a gesture of reckless lavishness. And Derek liked her to look smart. He was mette-
of wutrt. Repeat
>-5
W*
\

z
glass
ss
/

one
z
(
\
scarf, either."
Constance spent her idle moments that morning devising silky, icy, devastating phrases with which to slay him If he dared to come back. Rut when she looked up from i her work that aftehioon to find him smiling down at her, she smiled back in spite of herself. His hands were hidden behind him.
"Which one will you take?" he challenged her.
fonstance said—again in spite of herself—"The right."
•Right it is!" he cried, and held before her a shimmering scarf of a deep vibrant blue. "Trade?"
When he saw her startled face, he cried swiftly, his eyes holding her with boyish pleading, "Please!
It isn’t every day you can make a canvas perfect with one touch of the brush."
•Til wen it." Coer'.ance said wickedly, "if you’ll wear the green
\ A
r*
Xpplca contribute
ulous about his own appearance.
’It helps with the right kind of people, darling," he explained. And It's people who buy pictur s."
Constance found herself vaguely bewildered by this philosophy. She had supposed that people bought pictures because they liked them. . . But, then, her whole association with Derek had been a bewildering, .breath-taking experience. Since they had been engaged, she had awakened every morning with an excited feeling t the heroine of some strange and beautiful tale of enchantment.
1
J
I
rawness very few
ir.ütWf
//
? Aji
S* CJhe<k ttmpiré-
fever and lemptu-turc Joes not go
SUGAR SAUCE
1 tablespoon of corn syrup
1	cup brown sugar
3 (level) tablespoons Hour
2	cups boiling water
3	tablespoons butter 1 teaspoon vanilla
Mix sugar and tjour very thoroughly ( which is the secret if this sauce is to be successful). Add boiling water and cook until there is no taste of starch (raw). Beat in corn syrup, remove from the fire and add butter and vanilla.
APPLE DREAM
1 package strawberry flavored jelly powder 1 pint boiling water 1 large red apple or 2 small
ones
10 marshmallows 1 cup whipped cream Place jelly powder in bowl, add boilingZxrater, stir and mix very thoroughly

throat
call jrmt dot ic*.
/
Sore throat relieved In 3 minutes. No strong, upsetting drugs
Put
she was
By Louise Lennox
The young man of your family v.ill feel just too important for words in this mannish suit. Mother will enjoy making it herself much as she will seeing him wear it. The easy to sew Imes aie cut on the English school boy stylo that is so smart for little gem lemon. The trousers have plenty of pockotk to delight any boy. An Eton cap is included in the pattern, just to complete the snappy outfit. The collarless jac-kc has very few scams to few and will be finished in no time at all.
Style No. 2935 is designed for sizes 4, 6, 8 and 10 years. Size 8 requires 2 yards of 54 inch material for suit and cap.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for this pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 W. Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number., Be sure to slate size you wish.
lie
Take no chances with a cold. Follow the directions in the pictures above—the safe way millions use to relieve colds amazingly fast. It entirely avoids the dangers of taking strong drugs.
So quickly does Aspirin act — both internally and as a gargle, you’ll feel wonderful relief start often in a few minutes.
Try this way. Doctors recommend Aspirin because even when taken frequently they know it doee not harm the hemrt. But get Aspirin Canada. “Aspirin7’ is the trade mark of The Bayer Company, Ltd.
pan
DELICIOUS REFRESHING
2 '
Cinnainou
v-f;

— made in
one."
With a shrug he removed his tie. an! when she handed him the scarf, he put it about his


©

WARNING I
Aspirin Is always marked
green
neck and knotted It into a rakish how. As she fastened the blue scarf at her throat, he watched her with dreamy satisfaction.
“1 shall paint you," he declared,
* In exactly that shade of blue.''
• * *
"DOES NOT HARRS THE MEANT
“ASPIRIN
Gra+e the apple,



&
IN
as soon as oven.
Lady In Blue
And he did paint her so—poised against a shadowy background like a vibrant blue flame, with blue shadows In the raven of her hair. He called the portrait simply Lady In Blue, It was the picture that had won him first place at the International this year.
During the months since that first meeting Constance had found that Derek was not always a gay, irresponsible boy, any more than he was always arrogant and cock-She learned that he had


Collie Mothers
Three Rabbits
ONltO*1*
•j'.>
USE %
ROYAL! ,#0v
!
At the home of. Den Triolet, Amherst burg, Ont., a male Collie dog has taken over the job of “mothering” thrge wild rabbits.
A'aout six weeks ago the dog returned from the fields back of the Triolet home with the three cotton-tails safely in his mouth.
When an attempt-was made to take them away from the Collie, he objected. However, after a little persuasion the dog consented to give them up and they were placed in a warm pen.
Mr. Triolet declares that each time he feeds the three “orphans" the dog is on hand to see that they are not injured.
The dog refuses to allow a pet cat near them and he will sit for hours under the pen guarding his "family."
fOR
DO YOU
REALLY LIVE?


I

ONT LET thst
Hi worn-out feeling spoil your fun ! En- | joy the full vigor end energy of e healthy body. You’ll find that you nave more “pep" if you keen your digesdon in shape, ao that the food you eat may he_______
chanted lute vim-hull ding energy * Deters InDr. Fierce’s Coidea Medical Dieedvery
m prove# ike il-10 Wheeler Are.. ¦ 11 and fell
D
4W
s

sure.
moods of deepest depression, when he doubted himself and disparaged every stroke of his brush, such times be clung to her for
At such times she
En,oy the genuine
peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT GUM!
Get tome todoyl
At
ITS AIRTIGHT WRAPPER KEEPS IT PURE, FULL-STRENGTH
# a
C4*e s

reassurance
loved him more than she could have believed It possible to love. . . . She came to know, too, that money meant a gerat deal to I>* r
gestion, lira. Wm. Boi Cuelph, Ont., eeyet “I
had lent weigh# Pierce’s Celt#
ek.
Dr.
1
#
Issue No. 47 — 39


gsNed la strength
did health. Get
A Painful Note
She began to realize bow much
i
B
i
###PAGE###3###
1
F*1
4
4
4
/WA» BEE HIVE
Hot Tempers May Mean Cool Hands
Queen Elizabeth Issues Appeal To Empire’s Women
VOICE
of the
PRESS

HEWS

Anger It not all heat, for It also make® the fingers cold.
Experiments In whlob not one exception of this cooling was found were reported to the American Institute of Physic's symposium on temperature by Bela Mittle-aud H O. Wolff of the Coun-
PARADE
• II
ni
Tim Big Push That Didn't Come overshadowed In dramatic interest all other European events in the tenth week of the war. Belligerent or neutral, each cr.e armed to the teeth, the nations stood tense with apprehension waiting for a smashing Germon attack to come from eotre quarter, nobody knew where. But day utter day passed and no offensive began. It was still a "war of nerves.”
What was behind the delay? Report', continued to peur in of great concentrations of German
troops in the Rhine-Moselle sector, snd along the Dutch border. Was a double push being planned l.y Germany coupling the invasion of Holland with a swift blow at the Maginot Line? Or was Hitler indeed the “cornered maniac"-which British First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill labelled him —caught in a trap of his own making, seeking in vain for a way out? Again, was Hitler using a psychological strategy never tried before, whereby he would hold off his expected offensive for weeks, months, perhaps years, leaving the Allies to stow in their own juice and forget oil about Poland, Czechoslovakia? How long could such a “war of nerves” be successfully
waged?

NEW WAR COMING
We hate to remind you, even if this war of nerves ends, there is that other war of nerves
Christmas Shop-
mann
ell Medical Centre.
Tension, Anxiety Accomplish It Tension, fear, anxiety and depression also lowered the temperature of the hands.
but


U
approaching, ping — ¦P
Mfl
Saturday Night.
showed large
Some persons drops in temperature, others small, but those who "cooled” only a little with emotion never went to the opposite extreme. The finger tip cooling seemed to he fixed like personality.
The largest drop In temperature of fingers In rooms ranging from 55 to 65 was 20 degrees.
the emotions took the finger
V
LX
NEWS THAT'S NO NEWS
Dr. Dafoe says the Dionne girls know nothing of the war. If the little dears could read the censored dispatches, it would be practically the same.—Stratford Beacon-Herald.
i
,|!|l
1
»
1
t
—o-
In one
t
THERE D BE A ROW!
In Canada there are teachers receiving less than $300
If that many factory
case
heat down to nearly four degrees under even this cool room.
In a room Just above freezing emotions cooled the fingers of one person by 36 degrees.
IT!
1,380
9
X
a year.
workers or salesgirls received as little what a public outcry would be raised !—Ottawa Journal.
<
Colleague* Pay Tribute To Former Canadian Minister
Of Justice
BUILDING GOES AHEAD
Despite the “war of nerves,” the building permits issued in 58 Canadian cities during the first nine months of this year approached $44,000,000, the highest figure
since 1930. There are good times ahead and there is no reason why the building industry should not prosper with the rest.—Toronto Star.
.



mi
f








Bide For Peace
During the week important bids for peace came from Queen Wil-hoimina of Holland and King Leopold of Belgium, neutral sever-whose territories were di-
GOOD ADVERTISING FOR CANADA
A woman tourist, returning home from Canada to New York State, writes The Christian Science Monitor an advertisement for Canadian courtesy of very great value to this country’s tourist •
Fifty miles back she
phone in Buckingham Palace as

from the office of the local agricultural representative, or the nearest Dominion Experimental ^arm, or from the Plant Protection Division, Production Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa.
Buy Certified
Seed Potatoes
cigna
rectly menaced by German aggres-
The head* of the
aive purposes, warring powers listened politely to their pleas, but gave little indication of willingness to consider the culling of a conference at this time to examine the bases for
Now’s The Time To Make Purchases If You Can Store All Of Them Throughmit The Winter
industry, had left her purse, ticket* and ownership cards, and only discovered it when she went to purchase some cherries at a roadside stand.
could not take the cherries as she had left her money behind, some 50 miles back. He provided her with a dollar to buy enough gas, also the cherries. And he found his reward on the prompt return of the grateful woman. Here was a good deed which will shine forth in many places.—St. Catharines Standard.
t
car
awarded
Building
throughout the Dominion in the first 10 months of the year totalled $165,010,000, compared with $161,672,700 in the corresponding period of 1938, a gain of 2.1 per cent. The October total was $14,228,100 according to figures compiled by McLean Building Reports Limited, Toronto.
contracts
peace.
President Roosevelt from his warned that the world
She told the owner she
It Is not too early for Canadian potato growers who can store potatoes throughout the winter to consider the advisability of buying certified seed potatoes at once. Before They're Shipped Abroad Potato dealers and growers In many other countries appreciate the value of Canadian certified seed for they make no delay in buying up a large part of the Canadian crop every year. Generally they take the seed as soon as It Is ready to ship and store it in heir countries. From the 1938 cer-

comer
needed a “new and better peace” than that which followed the first Great War.
The most sensational single event of the week was the supposed attempt on Adolf Hitler’s life in the shrine of Nazidom at Munich. The mystery surrounding the explosion led bo a number of interpretations and questions: Was it the work of anti-Nazi German patriots? Was it the result of internal intrigue among the Nazis themselves, one faction trying to kill off members of the other? Was the explosion perpetrated in order bo enlist the flagging sympathy of the masses for the Fuehrer? One theory the explosion did substantiate: all was not well with the Nazi regime.
Bulgaria Wooed
The most courted nation of the week was Bulgaria, long regarded strategic “dobrway" to south-
Simuftaneously
Mw/j


SB

Totals for October by provinces were: Ontario $7,033,390, Quebec $3,257,000, British Columbia, $1,618,200, New Brunswick $948,000, Nova Scotia $548,100, Saskatchewan $346,600, Manitoba $298,600, Alberta $154,100 and Prince Edward Island $23,700.

,,, #
Exports of Canadian fisheries products totalled $14,860,600 in the first seven months of 1939, an intiwfcse of almost $741,000 over th^corresponding period of 1938.


own
titled seed crop, for Instance, well 1,717.000 bushels were shipped to 17 different countries, while only just over 466,000 bushels .vert sold In Canada. That means only about one bushel iu every twenty bushels planted in Canada was of qualified seed standard, and that Is one very important reason why Canadian growers are not






over

-






High Canadian Officials Attend Armistice Service in Ottawa

High government officials gathered to pay tribute to a former colli agut at the funeral of Hon. Hugh Guthrie, chairman of the Dominion Boari of Transport Commissioners and former minister of justice, who died at the age of 73. Premier King and RL Hon. Justice Lyman Duff are shown leading the procession of distinguished personages from St. Andrew’! Presbyterian church, Ottawa, following the funeral service.
X
W
A

v.

V

more
producing bumper crops of those fine mealy potatoes which easily grade No. 1 in size and quality.
Produce Grade No. 1 Canadian potato growers should make their reservation now. The address of the nearest certified seed potato grower, if it Is not already known, may be obtained
&
as a
Europe, her were the Allies. Ger-
ern
wooing
many, Soviet Russia and Italy. Germany offered economic sions; Italy signed a trade pact with her (striving to stem both Soviet and German expansion in the Balkans) ; satisfaction of Bulgaria's dreams of getting back Do-bruja from Rumania was held out as the Soviet lure; while Britain took steps to improve Turkish-Bul-garian relationships.
It remained to be seen which would be the successful suitor.
West, East
In Canada, preparations began for the regular session of Parliament in January. Financial appropriations were being planned with the object in view of devoting the large part of all expenditures to the prosecution of the The St. Lawrence Water-
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT

w
dl
\ V
m

xU
conces-
M


Z'Z
giSÆ
'¦ fir///
/

I

/.
z

/
;i
z






f/j

z
/
\

/
)
v
MICK1E SAYS

* * * *
Z *
T 4

I
6
m
i
n
*
«/E CAW TH' WANT AOS 0URWM1GKTV MIDGET?" BECUZ TV€N'R£ SMALL BUT TUEV GET RESULTS ^ AW -m' BENEFITS OF OUR BIG CIRCULATION TER A TEW MICHELS

a

o



9
A—
c

N.


BS
4
a* d

#
3s ' ¦ '
r*


5 X

?
(C
S’

%
I

r

war.
way scheme nevertheless was slated for consideration by the House. ^ While the interest of the western world was centred on Europe’s theatre of war, new plots were being hatched in the Far East, and coming events cast their shadows before. Japan threateningly predicted that during or after the European war a conflict to acquire territories and resources in the South Seas would be fought in the Pacific, and the United would be expelled from Asia. At the same time rumors flew that Britain would support a peace in the east based on a division of China into spheres of influence, Japanese, British, Chinese.
%
viC
SP
; v"


c
I-

Æ
&


i
m
iS^


]
wm
'r.
1

mm
* ¥ i
Ci Ï,

»


-

A



%
j


States


m '9k

?-/3
\x
4.. .
r

Thousands of persons assembled on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Armistice Day to honor the men who fell in the great war and pray for the men who will soon take up the torch once again. Premier Mackenzie King, Lord Tweedsmuir are shown here during the two minutes' silence.
•<
“My mother wants to know the address of the store that sold ladies'
hats for 59c in yesterday's homework."
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Bargain
In the village of Bullendorf, in Germany, a hen has adopted twelve baby mice, and was discovered sitting on her nest, warming them with her feathers. Unnatural adoptions such as this are not so rare as one might imagine. Recently a black-and-7.\hite cat at Rock Farm, Nettlestead, England, found curled up in the farm barn watching over her five kittens and two mice. Yet, in the past, she had proved herself a ruthless killer of rats.
Stocks of creamery butter in Canada at the beginning of October amounted to 67,418,639 lbs., of which 66,813,839 Ibi. were in storage and 604,800 lbs. in railway transit.

Ann
r* a

0%
%
T&©€AB>[E&®


\
99 0
/ ,
%b

<*
4

SIERIM
\rnis i aw
"l AT
•V
asks;

\

>Ad
~ 0
//
» *i
# %
###PAGE###4###
' :
», H.
/Vi/i/'/i/i/'/’/Vy i/y'/
#|#1/
zyt/f/
THE EQUITY
Bristol School Board
HODGINS
GARAGE
Nov. 13, 193!)
Bristol School Commissioners met on the above date, present, Chairman Woods and Commissioners Graham and Ate wart.
The minutes of last meeting were rend and on motion of Comr Graham were adopted.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that the Sec.-Treas. advertize for tenders for wood for the different schools. Tenders to he in by December 9th.
Inspector McArthur visited the School Board and offered several sug gestions for improving our schools.
Motion by Comr Graham that all parties in arrears of school taxes lx notified to settle same before December 9th, 1939 or their property will be sold at the land sales.
Motion by Comr Stewart that the following bills be approved and paid :
k	.....
Misa Charlotte K Whitton, director |J Millar, work and supplies to
.................
H. C. Row at, preparing contract
for school has.............
H. I. Smith, taking census ..
“	" stamps................
“	11	freight & express
••	u	incidentals . ...
On motion of Comr Graham the meeting adjourned.
SHAW VILLE, NOV. 30, 1939
CORN
Quebec Bureau of Mines Issues Preliminary Report on Calumet Island
The Quebec Bureau of Mines is issuing a preliminary report l\ R. 140 Fy Dr. F. Fit* Osborne on the Southern Section of Calumet Island and adjacent Mainland, This report briefly deals >?ith the general geology of the area and the Zinc, Lead, Gold, Silver, L'oppcr Deposits found therein.
It is now available and may be had •m application to the Director, Quebec Bureau of Mines, Quebec City,
\
I

x


We have a car of Choice Corn to arrive
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales

>
O
9
Monday, December 3rd
!
a

Price
Warns Against Too Much Eagerness
SI.60 Per 100 lbs. at the car
(Bag not included)
*80 M
Just to Remind You
3 00
ft the Canadian Welfare Council, warned Canadian Women last week against patriotic overeagvrnoss that might hind t?r the Dominion’s war effort.
She suggested in an address to the Women's Canadian Club in Montreal, that thf women of Canada might serve their country first of all by wise ordering of family life.
"Let us get ‘the way it was done iu the last war out of our minds". At present there was no question of women replacing man-power in industry, and she asked if it was patriotic to practise and learn knitting for the feet of the fighting men.
Attention might be given to young 'unemployed rejected by the army. Canadian soldiers were as well paid, served and fed as any in the world, she asserted.
7 00 10 00 86 7ft
3	96
4	07
It's time to give your car a complete check-up and put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation
during cooler days ahead.
Don't wait until trouble catches up with you. .get your car ready for winter now.
Grease. Check Battery. Tune-up Motor.
Anti freeze. Let us prepare your car for trouble-free winter driving now
We believe this to be an exceptionally
good buy.
H. E. Smith,
Sec. Treas
Change Oil and
Put in
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
Nov. 10, 1639
A regular meeting of the South One-low School Board held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present : J. II, Henderson, chairman, and Commissioners Poole, Burden and MacKechnie.
On motion of Comr, MacKechnie, 1st Check electrical and exhaust the miputes of last meeting were con systems, windshield wi|>ers and brake* firmed Hs rvU<l.
Keep	gMNgMNNlMMMMNN
tire chains and other equipment in good condition. Distribute the car s load
Winter Driving Safety Rules
J. Ij. HODG1NS
Here’s the
On motion of Comr. I We, t lie In speeto; s riqiort was adopted, and the following recommendations were approved, all floors to be oiled and erect bookshelves at N«>. 3 and No. 4 and supply chalk trays at No. 4, ai d a sand table at No. 4, and supply libraries to the amount of $30 00 fur schools— g*** I Carried.
Jhone 64 J.
evenly.
•2nd—Maintain	adequate
through the windshield and windows. Circulate fresh air by opening the cowl ventilator, rather than side windows, which tend to suck exhaust
vision
Value Leader
»
5^jg/Si5JSJ5ittlSf2j1SJSJL2/SJ9JSi,3/SJSlQU3JBf3JBi'3/BI51BIS/5J5/9IB
through the floor boards.	| The Collection Roll was homologated
3rd On slippery surfaces, keep speed ,,n motion of Comr. MacKechnie -down and the car in gear. Avoid situa- I Corned.
lions requiring quick stops and sudden ! Motion by Comr. Burden, K. A.
•hanges of direction.	Pritchard was jmid ............ $5 73
Ith Speeds on ice should not exceed Motion by Comr Poole, that the 16 to 20 miles an hour with abrasives ! schools be closed IVcember ilst and on the ice or with tire chains. ('bains 0|H.n JHn	Carried,
or abrasives provide a safety factor that Motien by Comr. MacKechnie that is inadequate at higher speeds. With- | Lot is, Bang \ and Lot 26, Range 4, out them speeds lower than 15 to 20 ! he sold for taxes at tax sale—Carried, miles an hour are neci < try. ( >n curves
and turns, speeds with or without ! jng adjourned chains must be reduced considerably.
5th—The common practices of lowering tire pressure or of increasing the1 load give only slightly greater traction j	—
and are not recommended for all-round 1	e
safety. Non-skid tread tires are helpful I Natural Gf.s in America
on	to
on snow, but they give 110 more antiskid protection on ice than smooth Li res.
6th—Tire chains are the best self-help for the motorist. They are recommended for driving on ice, and, in most instances, on snow. Chains on the rear wheels alone will reduce stopping distances 25 to 30 per cent, and on all four wheels 40 to 50 per cent, However, on smooth ices, these reductions do not warrant speeds higher than 20 miles an hour
mended on icy hills and for heavy vehicles
should use chains on wheels of trailer as
DALE’S TINSHOP
You’ve Been
Looking For
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
k 3 sizes and 5 different Ik. colour schemes

Only
$49.95
mm

f
Un motion of Comr Burden the meet
9


For This Brand New
IOS A Stekle, Sec.-Treas

t»
1>

1940 Model
?D
¦ Findlay Furnaces
Insures Your Heating Ql Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
Westinghouse 5-Tube Battery Set
ffi
Discovered by Accident
Natural gas was known in Asia ages before it was put to practical purposes in this country peered as leakage from gas-bearing strata through crevices in the ground, and when lighted, usually by accident, was often worshiped as a manifestation of a fire cod It was thus known in India, in China and in Persia.
* f
The first production of these reasonable sets was immediately purchased for equipping Trading Posts in the far North. This model was chosen because of its amazing sensitivity on both standard and short wave bands, mainly due to the use of a three gang condenser and one stage of radio freiqtiency amplification. This outstanding feature is unique in such an inexpensive radio. The low purchase price and astonishing battery economy assures the puichaser continued satisfaction both in economy and performance.
Cabinet : —American walnut with speaker band of matched striped Oriental walnut. A real Christmas present for the family.
It ap-
DALE’S HNSHOP
In the United States the first discovery of natural gas by drilling was in Ohio and West Virginia in the early Nineteenth century, when surprised salt makers struck gas while sinking shallow wells for salt. Rufus Stone, one cf the first opera-ln tors in the salt-making business at pr McConnellsvillc, Pa., while drilling for salt, struck a reservoir of natural gas strongly impregnated with sulphur, which caused the driller to
I
Shawville Quebec
They are particularly recoin

Trucks with trailer units
tractor.
7th—On wet and even dry pavement, always anticipate ice on bridges, ; shaded spots, around curves and over hills, and when thawing temperatures ire dropping.
8th—To avoid spinning the rear .	..	,	,	. ... .
wheels on ice, start by releasing the *x^a|rn they had drilled through to
clutch slowly, with engine idling and he * At first the well was constd
.he ou in low gear, and accelerate, er«d.a fallubre; bu tbc,8as wa.s ,aJer cautiously Without chains on an icy ‘° „wcrk ‘° bo,Uhe " ^er for road, it is unsafe to overtake vehicles in ^ie aa * making. This use of it jrhan areas and hazardous in rural areas	,s sa,d	,0	have	continued	for 40
unless the road ahead is clear for at least a half mile.
9th —When stopping on ice, pump the brakes in stopping, even when using chains, to keep the wheels rolling.
Slow down in gear to a haut 10 miles an hour, then release clutch for the final stop.
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
COACH
Wilmer H. Hodglns
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
years.
Other such accidental discoveries of natural gas were occasional, and in 1826 the first use of it for light was made at Frcdonia, N. Y. A hundred street lights were fed there by g as which had been discovered by seepage through a mill stream. The first place to be piped for the use
of natural gas for domestic purposes | duct ion of commercial minerals and
vas Titusville. Pa., in 1872
Quebec
Shawville,
Phone, 20-18
Phone 80
10th—On ice, keep a steady foot on the accelerator to avoid spinning the rear wheels. If a skid starts, turn the front wheels in the direction the rear is skidding.
11th—When it is slippery, try out the brakes occasionally to get the feel of the road.
12th—Shorten trips, and stop frequently to relax when conditions are bid. If possible, postpone or interrupt trips during snow storms or fogs.
NOTICE
building materials is higher in 1930 than in 1936. These minerals are usually a good trade barometef and ire generally indicative of the trend of business.
It can reasonably lie assumed from the?e figures that mining in the Province of Quebec will again reach a new high record both in value and louage.
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given to
all proprietors of real estate and rvsi I ent householders of this School Municipality, that owing to the heavy demands on the School Treasury all School Taxes in arrears of two years or over must be paid into the Treasurer's office by December ist, there arc still such arrears outstanding it will be found necessary to hand same to the proper authorities for collection.
Given at Shawville, Que., this third day of November, 1939.
J. A. DEAN
Secretary-Treasurer.
z
Beattie’s Eye Service
Statistical Report Points to Record Year for Quebec Mines
The Quebec Bureau of Mines’ tenth motbly statist real bulletin containing ihe production figures for October and the total production figures foi the first ten months of the year is just being issued
The bulletin contains some interest-¦Start the day right with a glass of ing comparisons for the year 1988 and Canadian apple jure.	193!). For the ten months every maten-,	hereby ,iven (b»t
=h::~ aEsessees
a member of your family or a friend for that mouth of last year except Dllver	VBRNEŸ FINDLAY, of the
ast ¦WKWEÆf ssriss KMiid L.:«¦- -
ous, Northern Spy and Gulden Baseei 24 8 per cent ; Clay Products, 2ft 9 per | day of November, A D , 1939. are va» iefis# if '
are excellent as s fresh fruit dessert, 12 4 per cent and there are several cooking varieties that can be prepared with comparatively little trouble.
1 hirty-live years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone rnd Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
SclentiH' Eye Examinations
--- —	W- .	----
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
NOTICE
Of Application For Divorce
If after that date
The Canadian Apple
Farm For Sale
Being Lots 11 and 12, on the 12th Range of the Township of Clarendon. 160 acres in all, fairly well improved, 70 acres in bu*h. For farther particulars apply to
per cent; and Ornent,
The figures for Silver
•show a loxs of less than one per cent.	^	, I
It u interesting to note that the pro- Solicitor for Emily FiodUy, Applicant.
CHARLES H. KERR, Timmins, Ontario.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Proftiiiontl Optometuit
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS
CHAS WORKMAN,
Charters, Que
###PAGE###5###

Service Announcement
The Equity
Cold Weather Requirements
S II AH VIII K l NI1KU CBUHCH
Rk\ A F. Fokkh B. A., H.D. P.utor
Sunday, December «3
11.00 a m. — Communion Service at v ;	- Shaw ville
Brief meditation, “After the Preaching Mission,—What ?
1 30 |un —Service at Zion
3 00 p.m.—Service at Stark's Corners
7.30 p.m - Service at Shnwville.
Subject—“Repeating the Invitation
PRINTING

BiUbll
|>Vm.l**ED RV1RY THVRSDAT AT
SI! AW VILLE, QUEBEC
White Flannelette Blanket»
$1.75 to $2.49
Orey Flannelette Blankets Large size, $2.25 to $2.49
“Esmond Cortex Pelage Blanket” the warmest blanket made, size 60 x 80 Now selling at
All-wool Coloured Blankets GO x 80 priced at
Fancy Coloured Indian Blankets 54 x 79
White All-wool Blankets, all sizes,
All-wool (iroy Blankets...........
Fancy Bed Comf rters, satin trimmed,
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Si.ee
y

Anywhere in Canada To United State#.. T..
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
# ê
IS
2.00


All arrears must be paid In full before any paper U discontinued
BkihjoL United Church C. Armmtrono-Salbh, B. D
XV. 0 COWAN. PUBLISHER
$2.00
Sunday, December 3
.Ht. Andrew» Sunday School 10.00 a. m *St. Andrews, Service
Knox.
• # *

.. 11.00 a. m.

Animals Foretell Weather If you want to foretell the weather, watch birds and animals. It will be fine when swallows fly high, when bats fly late nt night, when beetles take to the wing, and when morning chimney smoke rises straight up. Rain is indicated when birds fly low, when peacocks begin to screech, when crows fly up and circle around their nests, when sparrows become excited and chirp continuously, when morning smoke does not rise, when cattle caper about, and when donkeys bray. A change is due when dogs sniff the air, and if you see birds perching on the lower branches of trees a storm is not far away. The presence of cormorants at the mouth of a river foretells a heavy gale from the sea.
Letterheads, Envelopes,
Invoices
$4.50
Sunday School 2.00 p. m.
3.00 p. m.
Service
. $1.98
$7.00 and up
$3.50 and up
$2.50
Austin,
Service
7.30 p. m
1
J
I
ANGLICAN »	St. Paul’s
Sunday, December 3 b.00 a.to.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	Holy Communion
7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke's
1.00	p.m.--Sunday School
2.00	p.m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Service withdrawn
Statements Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
I
I
Dawn Pillows
All chicken feathers [Simmons] steam sterilized and covered in attractive feather-proof ticking per pair
I
$2.49
• •
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K C. Bolton in charge Sunday, December 3 Charteris, Holy Communion, Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer Greer mount.
The New Luxury Sleep Value
The Slumber King” Spring Filled Mattress
$19.95
Rexolum Sc Barroleum Mats 10 and 15 cts. Fancy Axminster Mats, size 27x45 $3.98
Cedar Chests
The Very Latest Styles, $15.50 to $21.50
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
Scotch Twins
When John Johnston and John Barr of Glasgow, Scotland, were frequently told of doing things they hod not done they investigated and found that they were twin brothers. They had not seen each other since they were babies 16 years ago. They had been adopted by separate families, which was told them when, they were old enough to understand, but neither knew he was o twin. The meeting was joyous, the two have become fast friends and have started a dance band.
10.30 2.30
Evening Prajer, 7 DO
Extra value
*###**»#####»* •
Christmas Photos — The Perfect Gift There’s no gift quite so personal and friendly as your photograph, because it’s you. Two extra photos with each dozen.
MacLean’s
H. Imisox’s Pntiro Studio
RED & WHITE STORE
Colour mid creed do not enter into the woi k ,of the Hed Cross Society.
Fancy End Tables, Telephone Sets, Magazine and Radio Tables new in
Stock
• I
The Owner Serves —The Buyer Saves
Puison In Mushrooms
One of the deadly substances found in certain types of poisonous mushrooms is hydrocyanic acid, . most poisonous of all simple chem-‘ ical compounds, it has been report 'ed by M. Mirande, a French scientist. The poison was found in the gills of a small mushroom belonging to the genus Marasmius, and in a mushroom belonging tp the genus Clitocybe.
I I
Blue Danube Waltzes
Most Popular Known
Probably the most popular piece of dance music ever composed-known and loved around the world —is Johann Strauss Jr.’s group of waltzes called "On the Beautiful Blue Danube." One says "waltzes even in speaking of a single composition because all the Strauss waltzes are really a series of waltzes in varying keys and moods. Usually there is an elaborate introduction that no doubt summoned the dancers to attention.
The waltz is the heart and soul of old Vienna, writes a correspondent to the Detroit News. There was something in the very air that swept down from the surrounding hills and woods that made the people gay, childlike and courteous! Lovely Vienna!
Johann Strauss Sr. was the first waltz composer, and then his three sons, Joseph, Edward and Johann Jr. It was Johann Jr. who earned the title, "The Waltz King of the World."
He wrote waltzes, waltzes, waltzes —five or six hundred of them. And he played them all the way from the brilliant courts of Franz Joseph (and even of Napoleon in Paris) to the public parks where the people of his native Vienna loved to dine and dance. Naturally each was given a name, any name, like ‘ Vienna Blood" or "Tales From Vienna Woods." "The Blue Danube*' has made that river eternally blue, though in reality it is blue only if the sky is in a good humor.
The people have placed a denk-mal (think often) of Johann Strauss Jr. in a city park. Beautiful rhythmic figures in stone float around him, where he #eems still to stand and play his violin,
Christmas Cake Specials
All Fresh Stock
Call and see the several new Marvel
Chesterfield Suites
I
25c
Icing Sugar, 3 lhs Figs. 2 lbs
Seedless Raisins per pound.....
Seeded Raisins, per package Sulphur Bleached Raisins, per pound 18c
Candied Pineapple, per pound Walnuts, choice quality halves, per pound 45c Almonds, per pound..................
Currants, per package...............
Pineapple Slices, red or green, each..
G laced Cherries, red or green, 3 oz. pkg. 10c Bulk Candied Cherries, per pound..
Saxonia Red Cherries, & pound tin..
Ready Cut Mixed Peal, £ pound tin Orange, Lemon or Citron Peal, per lb. 30c Wintergreen Berries, per pound
Silver Beads, per tube .......
Molasses, per tin.........
Molasses, fancy quality, per pound.....
Al*| ice, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg 1-1 lb.
Cow-Brand Soda, one pound package ... Flavoring—Almond, Vanilla, Orange,
Lemon, Cockinial, Pineapple, Maple 10c Rose Water, per bottle Food Coloring, assorted colors, per bottle 10c
Mincemeat, two pounds.........
Eat more Crnberrit S, per pound
Royal Purple Stock Remedies
Owing to many requests from our customers to stock
pleased to
full line of this
25c
• •
•••••••
• •
###$###
14c
Hog Fop Service
Royal Purple Remedies,
' announce that wo now carry a
famous brand.
we are
. 18c
• •
••••••••
Registered Yorkshire hog. Service tee $1.00. Apply to,
55c
CLIVE SMART,
Phone 10-1 R. R. 2, Shuwillr, Que
Grocery Specials
Reg. Yorkshire for *ei vice. Fee
$1.00. Apply to THOâ BEATTIE,
¦¦	¦	Wei ret end, Que.
60c

15c
16c
Robin Bond W..fer Flakes, per pkg.........
Robin Hood Rolled Oats, with Silverware China, per package
5c
Registered Yorkshire hog. Service fee, $1.00 ; Club members free. Apply
I M I
. 29c
to
or
R. J TRACY, Yarns, Que.
. 45c
25c
have everything for your Christmas
Baking needs—Maraschino Cherries, Peel of all kinds, Cake Candies, and Icing, Nuts, Currents, Raisins, Dates, etc._
Ideal Hog Grower, per 100 lbs. $2.00 Ideal Laying Mash, "
We
• e
Registered Tam worth hog, bacon type. Service fee $1.00. Aim for rale a number of young Tam worth pigs, both «ex, pu re bred <1, $7 00 each, or $8.00 registered. Apply to
R I. WOODS,
Charlene, Que
15c
30c
10c
# #
10c
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, from prize-winning stock. Service fee, $1.00. Apply to
u- $2.45
«<
8c
10c
VVlLNRR H. IIoik;Dig, R. R. No, 1, Shaw ville.
9c
New Reg. Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog tor service! Fee $1.00 A ppty to
MANSON MrCAOO
R. 2, Shaw ville, Que.
20c
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Mammoths in Oregon
Larger Than Elephants
f Origin ol Siren	Scientists say that one of the
Sirens were invented to measure proboscidean families that Jfrftd In sound vibrations, but it was found Oregon was the northern mammoth, that by altering the mechanism a creature that must have been slightly, they could be turned into "seemingly out of place, even m the
terrific squawkers. Now they warn strange pleistocene world" of which	Homestead Monument
of danger through their shrieking primeval Oregon was a part.	Daniel Freeman’s quarter-section
tones. Police cars, ambulances and The Columbian elephants, mighty q( lafid QI) Cub creek Gage county, fire trucks have made them familiar	creatures	that rivaled in stature	Ne5ragka# gjven him by the federal
Sweet but deadly music character	even the	largest elephants of	the	government at lhe time of the Civil
ized the sirens from which these	present,	living m old Oregon	ir	waf under the homestead law, has
present-day instruments get their ( great herds, judging from the abure	designated by Secretary of the
names. In Greek mythology sirens	; dance of	their fossils. Also on	the	^erlor Harold L. Ickes as a na-
were sea nymphs who lured sailors	Oregon ranges, probaWy long	be	lional monument. It becomes the
to destruction by their beautiful jfore the mammoth and Columbia Homestead National Monument of
elephant appeared, was huge Ele	¦	¦ ¦	¦
phas imperator, remains of which
have been found in Fossil lake and
in the La Grande country. Impera
tor was an enormous creature, the
Purebred Yorkshire H»$, select type Service fee, $1.00. Apply to
W.HMCNOX,
McKee, Que.
25c
20c
######
••••••
!
Colds..
In Memorlams
Roy 6. Fraser
Break up that cold before it gets you down by using our remedies.
We have a good supply of • Cough Syrup, Cough Drops, Aspirin,
Acetophen,
Brownlee—In loving memory of our husband and father, John H. Brownlee, who departed this life, December 6th, 1939,
In memory, a daily thought,
Iu heart, a silent sorrow.
Wife and Famim
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160
sieging.
Announcement that all
lands comprising the 160-acre farm five miles northwest of Beatrice, Neb., has been acquired by the United States from the five children and heirs of the man who was the country's No. 1 homesteader, was made by the national park service. Daniel Freeman, physician, fermer and Union soldier nfrom Ohio, filed the first claim under the homestead law signed by President Abraham Lincoln in 1862, just five minutes after midnight January I 1863, the day the law became effective He thus became the first of more than i 000,008 homesteaders who developed the great Middle West.
Lauuuben—In fond and lovio ory of our dear son and Dentil Laughren, who was taken from ur 2 years ago, Dec. 2nd, 1937,
HU smiling face and pleasant way.
Are a pUamire we recall
He died a kindly word for each And died beloved by all
Some day we hope to meet him,
Some day, we know not when.
To clasp him hand in the better land. Never to pari again.
Still sadly missed by
à, Path**. Mother, Brothers and Sistres
g mem brother.
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in , vite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. - On orders of $6.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
Serious Monkey Business
Monkey business means real busi	HH ¦ I I I H M ¦
ness in the Straits settlements It largest of all elephants and prob-reported that two monkeys here ably the most ponderous animal are regularly employed to gather ever to thunder over the pleistocene valuable botanical specimens They plains of Oregon. These animals understand 12 words in Malay, and were I3to feet at the shoulder, tied to a string 180 fept long, are , The mammoth was apparently jCnt into high tree tops for flower, represented in Oregon by two spe eaf and twig specimens Many of cies. One of these was so pculiar
¦	IHHIÉHHM to th Oregon country that it was
named Mammut oregonense. Mammoth remains have been found in
Quinnine,
is
etc.
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sta
QUE.
.he finds they bring beck are un known to science, since men can not
jlimb high enough to get them HiiPBPWBMWBi Monkeys have long been used by many parts of the state, especially he natives here for gathering coco in the coast counties and in the
Willamette valley.
I* hose a ay time betweea 7am
and 11 p.m.
SHAWVILLE.
tuts.
^256
###PAGE###6###
m """
?
.T
READS SUN'S TEMPERATURE
Dr. John D. Strong has designed a pyrometer, using the invisible Infra-red rays of light, to studies of osons temperatures.
The California Institute ef Technology physicist said one ef firsT tests with it showed the sun’s temperature to be lt,S0S degrees Fahrenheit.
BRAINY PEOPLE—SKIN RASHES
High-powered brains and hypersensitive nervous systems blamed today for many skin dts-
Dr. Samuel W. Becker University of Chicago l week that persona with supercharged brains have all their sations intensified, and as a result they exhaust their energy quickly, and “nervous dermatoses” er skin rashes are often produced.
Canada’» Minister of Minas In London for War Talks
EXCUSE Me
BUT IT’S A ’ GRAND, TASTY
{ CHEW/ J
xX>
Have You Heard



Rü


«

ht»
k W

'x >
+/



O
hJ




1
The moving picture usherette wee in the dentist's chair.
“Now, miss,” asked the dentist, “which tooth Is giving you all the trouble?”
“Second from the left in the balcony,” she replied.
Scotsman, finding his wife In another man's arms:
“Get behiad your lover* I'm going to shoot you both."
Two small girls were having g tremendous argument.
“My daddy's a mounted policeman," said Betty. “He rides a horse all day."
“That’s no better than being an ordinary policeman like my daddy," said Peggy proudly.
“Oh, but it i§!” said the first child. “If there's any trouble he can get away quicker.”
Cooking Teacher! “Now, students, describe a gum-
4

I
»
V?
tv
A
4»


o
*
4
m
If
Uh
IMI

I
V*
»
»
I

i
i
Healthy At 65?
A Good Prospect
PERFECT Ch
wino /oh
h(
(i( ( o
*
4
You Have Survived “Break-
L
fi
Bear And Beaver - To New Zealand
lng the long ocean voyage the animale will be fed and tended by s member of the ship's crew. Pood supplies provided for the journey Include bundles of poplar wood, vegetables, fruit and bread. Ranh beaver will receive sli sticks ef wood, .a quarter of a cabbage and four carrots per dariP»wMle the dally mefau for each of the bears will be a pound of apple#, a pound of earrots, and two leave# of breed.
cal Chief Tells Qualities of Tough Folks
V
Dr. Elliott C. Cutler, head of the department of surgery, Harvard Medical School, had good news for the oldsters — folk 66 years aid older, last week.
Addressing the 24th annual International Medical Assembly, Dr. Ctuler said experience and study led him to the conclusion that elderly persona who have survived "the breakdown period" are good surgical risks.
A Good Surgical Risk "The very fact that persona have lived to 65 — surviving the “Infectious age" and the "breakdown
age/	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I|
tough folks and can withstand serious surgical procedures," Dr. Cutler said.
M
n
Movie fern Smi "A marsh-

How im technicolorT*
To Wellington Zoo, “Down Under”
\

The battalion doctor was awakened by the ’phone jangling at • a.m.
“What is it?” he asked testily and sleepily.
“Well, you see doctor, we have been having a big party in the Mess, and I’m terribly worried about Major Twuggle,” came from the other end of the wire.
“Why bother me? Is he seeing elephants or something?” the doctor asked, very annoyed.
“That's the trouble, air,” was the reply, “the room is full of them and he can't see a single one.'

I
Aboard a steamship somewhere on the Pacific Ocean are three bears and two beaver# enroule to New Zealand, according to the National Parks Bureau, Department of Mines and Resources, Ottawa. These animals have been taken from Jasper National Park In Alberta, and are being sent “down under" at the request of the Wellington Zoological Gardens, Wellington, New Zealand.-
Beaver Gets Sticks of Wood
The bears and beavers were captured by the park warden service, and were shipped to Vancouver by rail for transfer aboard ship. Dur-


S. J. DEW
tr

i
u

Anthony Eden, was the official greeter of Hon. T. A. Crerar, Canada’s minister of mines, when the latter arrived in London to participate in the Imperial War Talks now taking place in the empire’s capital. Mr. Eden and Mr. Crerar were pictured here as the Canadian minister arrived at Euston station.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS. TRUSSES AH0 ABDOMINAL BELTS.
«M CNWKHST TOMOHTO 9721
Indicates they are strong
Huron Old Boy»
Infectious
described the
as from one to twenty years the period in which children have the measles, whooping cough and other such diseases “breakdown age" comee from 46 to 60 years when there is danger of apoplexy and of kidney and heart ailments.
He
I
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
age
Former residents of Huron county and their friends are planning a gala evening on November 24 when the junior and senior groups of the Huron Old Boys' Association will jointly hold the club's fortieth annual reunion in Eaton Auditorium, Toronto. Every effort is being made to make this year’s function an outstanding success so that a financial contribution may be made to the Red Cross Society. The Huron Old Boys' Association is the oldest and largest organization of its kind in Canada and has more than 1,400 members in Toronto. Several of the original members, including Ed. Floody, E. J. B. Duncan, K.C., Thomas. Soole and J. McLaren, will be in attendance at the fortieth annual reunion.
T his year s reunion, according to H. M Jackson, the senior president, will be featured by euchre, bridge and dancing. All former residents of Huron County and their friend*, are invited. Tickets may be secured from the committee in charge or at the door.
“They employ email at this restaurant.”
"Why?”
“To make the sandwiches look bigger."
The
%
Demand At Year Draggle! CROUCH MAN'S LINIMENT i Fori Verl tlam. Neuralgia, Selatlea, Aathma, . I Head aehe, TeetM-eehe, Ear- 1 : Aehe, Chill Rial ¦ Hualeaa, Spral
1.	Is a person justified in losing his temper at the stupidity of some clerk or saleswoman?
2.	What should a person say when introduced to the same person for the second time?
3.	When passing a pitcher, or any other receptacle with a handle, is it important to have the handle towards the person receiving it?
4.	Isn't it all right to hold the fork in the hand, at the table, while talking?
5.	Isn't it unwise to write a letter while angry?
6.	Whose duty is it to see that cors iger are sent to the mothers of the bride and the bridegroom?
Answers
1. No. “To be angry is to revenge the fault of others upon ourselves.” No matter how much we are provoked, remember that self-control is a virtue worth cultivating. 2. “Thank you, but I have already had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Jones.” 3. Yes; the handle should always be present-4. No. The fork should be placed on the plate while talking. Of course this does not mean if a person is going to say “Yes ' or “I think so” that he should quickly lay down his fork, answer, and then pick it up again. 5. Yes, it is very unwise. No letter should ever bt written while in an angry mood If it should be done, lay the letter aside until next morning, and it will seldom be mailed. 6. The bridegroom should do this.
¦
Vein. Rheum»- I
What Science!
Men, women and children carry —3 masks to church in England.
h.^0oregan5,dSytdone^d SS I ! * * SI	,
Corns or X olils
If
I
gas
I

tvs
IS
Doing
*
Classified Advertisements
*
BARREN AREAS IN OCEAN
The ocean contains barren areas which correspond to worn out farms on land. The fish and other Jiving organisms in the water use its nutrient material to the point of exhaustion, and this stage is followed by a depletion of marine life. This observation was made by two California scientists in extended cruises on the Pacific.
FAHM FOR SALK
Ail It EDITED UUl.LS
SMWINU. MACHINES A SUFI WE#
TWO HOLSTEIN SERVICEABLE bulls from qualified damn. Also their three year old Sire. Bram-Bhott Hlngerveld Rabat, quiet, sure getter, accredited. E. E. Taylor. Bracebrldge, Ontario.
PARTS AND REPAIRS. AN! make, write for prices on new or reconditioned machines. SO years* experience — A Gilbert. 141 Yonge Street, Toronto.
NINETY ACRES PRODUCTIVE clay loam adjoining village, good building#, spring watered. T thousand cash, balance 1 per cent William Pearce. Exeter.
wo
SAW MILL FOR SALK
IlAROV APPLE TREES
AGENTS WANTED
FOR SALE. TO CLOSE ESTAT*. ? Saw Mill, working condition oa main Une C. P. railway, Norwood, Ont. Steam power, large pond, boiler 75 H P., engine S5 H P., extra long carriage, Edger and Slab Saw, Mrs. Ada Harrison. Kara-
HARDÏ APPLE TREES — 60 CTS. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nur-
leading varieties rnamentals. Write : sensation-reery, Nla-
MEN AND WOMEN! NEW 1NVEN-tlon sells like wild fire:	Start
business of your own In spare time. Send stamp to Economy Distributing Company. Leamington Ontario.
sery.A growing Frul# Treea. O Immediately requesting ai offerings. Tobe's Ti gara-on-the-Lake, Ontario
EFFECTIVE POLIO TREATMENT
Dramatic evidence of the efficacy of vitamin B treatment for ih-fantile paralysis, sleeping sickness, palsy and other organic diseases of the nervous system is reported by Dr. W. J. McCormick, a Toronto physician.
Dr. McCormick submits clinical evidence of cases where these disorders were either completely eliminated or reduced by administering doses of synthetic vitamin B1 and supplementing this therapeutic treatment with a diet rich in vitamin B content.
lock. Ontario
SPARE TIME WORK
Special Christmas Club offers to popular Canadian and American magazines as local representatives. Highest commissions Don't delay, write Canadian lodlcals. 245 Grace Street Toronto Ontario.
SELL
FOR HALE
SKATING OUTFIT#
ed
How Can I ?
BREEDING STOCK OF ARCTIC Foxes, Silver Foxes and Mink. These fine quality animals • are very reasonably priced Junes, 189 Talbot St., St. Thomas Phone Ü15.
SKATING OUTFITS, SLIGHTLY used, $1.76. $2.25. $2.66. New high quality. $2.89. $3.35. $4.26, plus lie Peerless, 191 Dundas W.,
paid
Per
L A
8V ANNE ASHLEY
postage.
Toronto
STOMACH II KO IL M L E
Q. How can I remove an ink stain from paper?
A. Apply a solution of muriate of tin with a soft brush the stain disappears, rinse and dry the paper carefully.
Q. How can I remove mildew from automobile upholstery, which has been caused by rain water leaking into the car?
A. First brush well to remove the excess, and then sponge with a soap solution made slightly alkaline with ammonia.
Q. How can I keep melted chocolate from sticking to the pan?
A. Chocolate will not stick to the pan when melting it for cake filling if the inside of the pan is rubbed with a little butter or olive
A GOOD SAIJ5S AGENT SHOULD represent a good company. We want good representatives for unoccupied territories now. Our nursery stock Is the best that money and experience can produce
fifty years
ham Nursery Co., Toronto
FEATHERS WANTED
STOMACH
UUKUECTi V* gives prompt relief and comfort to sufferer» trim Acid Indigestion, Heartburn. Gastritis, Sour Stomach, etc. A trial will convince yon. Twelve ounce package $2.60 postpaid direct from the manufacturer. H. J. Woodley. P.U Box #04, Vancouver, B.C.
HIGHEST lTUCK FOR NEW AND used fcutuers. Robinson's, 282 Brock Avenue Toronto. Write for quotations.
When
Six-hundred-acre nursery
business. Write 1 'el
IIAIIl GOOD#
FAST-8 EU JNG REPEATER. NO competition. New disposable tissue duster. Big commission. • ADES T - KLEEN" (Ontario) Reg d. 615 Yonge Street. Toronto
WIGS. TOUTES. TRANSFORMA-Hone, Switches, Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. W'rite for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 628 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
WATCH REPAIR»
Tommy Farr, former British heavyweight champion, has enlisted in the Royal Air Force.
LEARN	—————
i Hand-Loom* Weaving
WATUil Ü.i CLKANKU OK MAIM-spring, 75 cents, other work II necessary at reasonable prices. Kllng's Jewellery, 401 Yonge @L. Toronto.
IF YOU ARE WITHOUT KXPBR lencc, but willing 4 hours ewery day you can earn up to $21.(TO a week and get your own dresse* free. Fashion Frocks in Canada, 352 Huron. Toronto. Dept. WL	_______________
to work at least
Make Money Simple, Free deal, Inexpe
Have Meaey, on
lie
HUNTERS
HAVE AN EXPERT MOUNT THAT head and make up that bear skin into a rug for you tanned Into buckskin. All work guaranteed to be the beet obtainable. Tnos. Emack. Taxidermist & Furrier, 1872 Queen St. E. Toron-
GUILD OF ALL ARTS

USED TIRE» FOR MALE
Deer skins
.HCARIIOHOIGII, ONT
GOOD La'tiu TAKES
Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited Drvckton Tire, 1611 Dundee West, Toronto.
ALL tilZItiL
ARTICLE» FOR SALE
21 CHRISTMAS CARDS. STICKERS end Tegs. 90c. 85 Blades. Safety Razor and style tit pencil, 76c. Postpaid. Moneybark Guaranteed. Reed Sales Reg'd. Box P.O. 213. Montreal. Quebec.
m
«
to.
LYONS FUKNITUKfc CO.
478-484 Yonge St.
HACHINKRV

oil
Q. How can I treat eyebrows that are too thin?
A. Apply warm olive oil jt vaseline nightly. Or, dip the fingertips in lanolin and massage the eyebrows each night.
Q. How can I prevent uncooked meat from becoming tainted?
A. Uncooked meat should not
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS— Delta woodworking tools — electric
CLOTHING AN» Ft H NI T UH K
THE TEA THAT IS NEVER INSIPID!
motors. Belting and shop sup i of every description. The A. Williams Machinery Co„ Ltd.. <4 Front 8t. W, Toronto.
lies
R
WE GUARANTEE 100 PER CENT, fit and satisfaction In latest style clothing (slightly used). >Gentlemen’s suits or overcoats, regular to $60.00. special $6.06 to $12.06. Indies' Winter Coats. $4.00 to $7. Postpaid !*	*¦	_ I
• colours, style. Send money-order. Also write for bargain price lists of reconditioned used furniture.
1‘eterboru,
scoot'» TMs. i
out
Entire Stock of Lucunuw t urniture Factory purchased at 40c on the
Dollar
The Lucknow Furniture Factory, makers of renowned line furultura bas changed bands and we bought their entire stock.
Just a lew of the Many Bargains are listed here:
9 piece Walnut finish Dining Suites.
Solid Oak Dinette Suites
MEDICAL
State measurements
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full partieu-tare regarding our amusingly successful	hyblood	treatment
Pedigreed Product» Saskatoon.
DUCKLEYC
D MIX TURC J

be permitted to lie in its own juice, or it may become tainted. Place the meat on a platter with a hollow centre that will hold the juice without the meat touching it.
Q. How can I treat a garment thst has been scorched while ironing?
I
Buskin & Company
$69.00
$59.00
« v [HI to
D
0
EDUCATIONAL

OFFER TO INVENTORS
$19 75 Dlnl°* Room Buffets
Odd China Cabinet#.
iTUDBNTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses In Matriculation, Short Story, Journalism. Advertising. Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Corraspon derce College (established 1102) 229 Yonge 8L Toronto.

FREE
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorneys, 27 r Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
$17.95
SILVERPLA
<4,C OH Modern 2 piece Bedroom
gu|tee. Waterfall design.
Water-

Lapton’e 1 lb. and Vh lb.
Save the
cups
Modern Dressers, fall deet Modern
$17.95
$12.95
$17.95
$16.50
$11.95
A. Hub the scorched spot ith hydrogen peroxide and allow to dry before again ironing. If the scorch is light, merely moisten with water and place in the sun.
ouvuldtu
gn.
Chiffoniers. Modern Vanity Dressera.
FttftUHI MAL
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY,
Home remedy. Ouarsnteed. Advice
KEEP CLEAN INSIDEI
Inexpensively Testimonials, free Bartlett’s. Box l. Winnipeg.
THIS IS THE NEW ELECTRIC shaver you've read about, that m h es shaving so very, very easy. Just plug It In and run the shaver ever your face. That’s all — no soap, water, brush or blades. We suggest you try It Over a million were sold last year. Original p 111. Ouarantscd one year. P paid Agents wanted. Bell Sales Co., 10 Gatehouse Quebec.
Modern Hole Desk Combination Desk Cheat.
Walnut Knee
You’ll like the way it snaps you back, overnight, to the feeling of "rarln" to go” fitness and inside
cleanliness I Helps eliminate
left over west
PUPS FOB SALE
A roomy chest of drawers
with desk accommodation.
42’ Kitchen Tables wood top.
LIBERAL TERMS
MB
hold y< indie est fo
that
ORDER PUPS FOR CHRISTMAS presents now. Irish Terrier Pups /registered, reasonable. John Jr Box 22# Bowmanvllle. Ont
ou
$3.95
rice

oet
worker, but If
Tuü-lùuvutd TEA
act now
LYONS
FURNITURE CO
Bldg, Montreal
IS. 1 Cleeo Avenue. Tod
¦to t. Cans da.
SHIP YOUR FURS TO US FOR
rket prices. L. A Jones, Talbot St, St. Thomas. Ont


Issue No. 47 — 39
era — 4M yonge it
Ml
Open
###PAGE###7###
and there wsi a great calm. *f« And the men marvelled, eayin» What manner ef man U this, thag the wind# and the aea obep
Barge, Carrying Two British Bombers, Sinks Off U S. Coast
SI. Aad when he was entered l»te • heat, hie disciples followed tom. 14. And behold, there arose tempest to the sea insomuch that the beat
Sunday
School
Lesson
$
even
him?
*
was covered
S3
Other miracles recorded Chapters 8 and » of Mat the healing of the lepr man, and the palsied servant; thé casting eut of demons from the unhappy youth; the delivery of ft paralytic from his affliction ; ftfti
farther prodigies of healing.
1
M
wkh the wet*: but he wee asleep. SI. And they came te Mm, and awake him, wring, Sate Lord; perish. SI. And he with unto
them, why are ye fearful, O ye af

mx
s


lHtie fakhT Then he are*, and
rebuked the winds and the
;
U*
u
ri
THE WORKS OF THE MESSIAH
Meted Test, Matt. Sil4-*7 Golden Text.—Jesue ed N
¦y William
Ferguson
Tms Curious World
eth . . . went about do*ng good.
'i
Acts 10:88.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—All these ten miracl were performed from the spring through the winter of A.D. 28.
Place.—Practically all of the miracles took place around the So* of Galilee, the majority in the etty of Capernaum; Gergesa Is éat miles southeast of the Sea of Gal-

% MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
OWCHARtiES /W3RB WATER THAN ALL THE
¦@11
fi
il
• s

Y


1
I
w

ilee.

The great Teacher came down from the mountain and made himself known on the plpin and among the city crowds as the mighty Healer. The healing is quite as sential ae the teaching.
14. And when Jesus came into Peter’s house, he saw his wife’s mother lying sick of » fever. 16. And he touched her hand, and the fever left her; and she arose, and ministered unto him. third miracle in the series, took place in the home of Simon Peter at Capernaum, where his wife’s mother was sick of a fever. As Christ’s coming into Simon Peter’s household made it impossible for sickness to remain there, so ali will evil flee before him, and

M
e

«
, mm3
for the french motor, hkshwavs.
V
A possible victim cf saboteurs, this barge carrying two bombing planes consigned to the British air Ministry, is shown sinking off Stapleton, Staten Island. The barge mysteriously sprang a leak before dawn and went to the bottom in 30 feet of water before the planes could be removed. Only the wings, which had been detached from the planes, remained afloat. John Hansen, only crew member aboard the barge, made his escape just before the craft made (ta plunge. Authorities are investigating the possibility that sabotage was responsible.



This, the

You May Keep Both Dog, Cat
NOTES
RADIO
sssrensusssiSSL.
REPLENISHED.

way »¦¦¦¦¦¦ .
the fever of sin be cooled at his
touch.
NEWS
AND
If You Start With Both Animals
Mature Cat Also
•••••
6. And when even was come, they brought unto him many possessed with demons: and he cast out the spirits with a word, and healed all that were sick: 17. that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through Isaiah the prophet, saying, Himself took infirmities, and bare our dis-The passage that Matthew
Young	III
Will Tolerate Puppy
BOWS
AMD
ARROWS
HAVE BEEN USED
By MAN
<	By MADGE ARCHER
Donald Dickson returns to the Chase and Sanborn Hour, replacing Nelson Eddy who resigned from the program on November B.
Dickson made his first appearance oa the program as guest soloist list winter. Chase and San bora baritone spot is the moat coveted appointment in radioland. Rudy Valise will continue to act as m.c. until the return of Don Ameche.
TREATS FOR MUSIC LOVERS
Saturday. December 2nd, will be a red letter day for all music lov era. In the afternoon the Metropolitan Opera Company will Inaugur ate a new season of broadcasts straight from the stage of the Metropolitan Opera House In New York. O# Saturday evening the NBC Symphony orchestra under Toscanini will present Beethoven's Ninth Symphony. The Westminster Choir, one of America's best-known choral organizations will provide the background for the presentation of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony and the soloists will be Jar-mils Novotna, soprano, who Is to make her Mertopolltan Opera debut later in the season, Keratin Thor berg, Metropolitan Opera contralto, Jan Peerce. tenor and Nicola Moscona, basso of the Metropolitan. The choir will also be heard in Beethoven's Choral Fantasy for Plano, Chorus and Orchestra and will feature Anla Dortman as piano soloist.
NOTES AND NEWS
Nor. 24, 9 p.m., CBL, Ted Reeve,
Toronto sports columnist and foot-
ball coach presents “The Pig Who Rose to Fame" . . . Nov. 26, S:C3 p.m.. CBL, London Calling . . . . 6:00 p.m., CRY Kaltermeyer’s Kindergarten . . 7.45 p.m., CBL, Raymond Gram Swing talks on the United States . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, Foster Hewitt, Elmer Ferguson, a play by play description of Maple Leafs vs. New York Americans
hockey game . . . 10:00 p.m., CBY, NBC, Symphony under Toscanini . . . . Nov. 26. 3:00 p.m., CFRB, N Y. Philharmonic under Barbirolli . . . 6:30 p.m., CBL, Review of week's news with comirontarles . . 8:00 p.m., CBL, Chase and Santjrn Hour . . . 9:00 p.m., CBS. Sunday Evening Hour . . . Nov. 27, g p.m., CBL, Richard Crooks on the Firestone Hour . .
CFRB. Radio Theatre CBL, Arabesque program . . . Nov. 28, 8:00 p.m., CFRB, Big Towu . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, Information Please ... 9:15 p.m., CBY, Canada's Fighting Forces . . . 10:CD p.m.. CBL, Le* Concerts Symphoniques concert from Montreal . . . Nov. 29, at 12:30 p.m, CBL, Ontario Farm Broadcast with weather reports and market and crop reports .... 8:30 p.m., CBL, Serenade for The Strings . . . 9:30 p.m., Percy Faith and his music . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL Chamber Music from Toronto . . . Nov. 30, 9:00 p.m., Edward Arnold and Good News . ; . 10.00 p.m., Bing Crosby plays host to four guests on K. M. H.
Dogs and cats are the most popular pets. Many dog lovers detest cats, and a large percentage of cat dislike dogs. But I have

«


owners
been surprised, after some Inquiry, at the number of people who like both dog and cat, says a writer In "Our Dumb Animals." Off.hand, [ can’t think of more than a doz-acquaintances who actually keep both, but I know a great many others who would do so, but for the belief that it Is possible or extremely difficult compatibility between these animals.
If you start with both animals when babies, the thing Is entirely simple. And usually you can bring a puppy Into a household where there Is a mature cat. It depends, of course, on the cat’s disposition, and specifically on her attitude toward dogs. While it Is not the usual thing for Puss to be the ag-occasionally she Is; and
our
25,000 VEARS
IT Is believed that the first men to use bows and arrows were ci the Aurlgnacian race, of at least 25,000 years ago. On the walls of caves, In France and Spain, there are pictures of hunters car» rying these weapons, and some of these ancient drawings show •nlmele with arrows sticking in their bodies.__
eases.	_	_	^ __
quotes here is from the Hebrew text of Isa. 63:4. Did it mean that Christ sympathized with the sufferers, that he really felt their weaknesses and pains? There are many interpretations.
“Follow Me"
en
to establish
18. Now when Jesus saw great multitudes about him, he gave commandment to depart on the other side. 19. And there came a scribe, and said unto him, Teacher, I will follow thee whithersoever
thou goest. mKÊtÊÊÊtÊKÊÊÊ
unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the heaven have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head. Jesus does not question the sincerity of the scribe, but his understanding and his call. He points out the nature of an apostolic life, and leaves him to decide for hinyelf in the face of the reality. 21. And another of the disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father. 22. But Jesus saith unto him, Follow me; and leave the dead to bury their own dead. person here was already following the Lord, but when he heard what Christ said about the hardships that his followers couL expect, his enthusiasm chilled, and he offered an excuse which would give him permission to go home?
| EARLY AMERICAN LEADER
• 12 Return*.
15 Knock.
17 He was a successful
21 Lava.
8:30
HORIZONTAL
1 Early American leader,
Benjamin
8 He won fame as a
J3 Biblical high priest»
14 Music drama.
16	Unfrequented.
17	Seasoning.
18	Living.
19	Boys.
20	To attempt.
21	To be sick.
22	To handle.
24	Period.
25	Like.
26	Hurried.
28 Snakelike fish.
30	Grief.	spectacles.
31	Laughter	49 Monkey,
sound.	51	Ever.
32	Famous.	52 Cabin.	,
35 Exclamation. 53 Short letter. 37 To cuun.
39	To total.
40	Solemn.
20. And Jesus saith
9:00	p.m.,
. . 9:30 p.m.
23 You. .
26	Semidiameter!
27	Auto body 29 Fat.
31 Meat.
33	Sun god.
34	Publicity.
36 Horse food,
38 Eagle,
40 Encircled.
61 He was known 42 Occurrences,
43 To dishevel.
45 A date.
47	Period of tim^
48	Definite articli 50 Toilet box.
54 Measure of
cloth.
6	Timber tree. 56 Carbonated
7	Mesh of lace. drink.
8	Pocketbook. 58 Hawaiian
COAT OF
gressor
If you know your cat to be one of that kind, don't get a dog—not even a mature one. You won't be able to change that cat’s mind, and you'll have no end of trouble.
Rover Is the aggressor, generally; and unless you know your dog to be exceptional In regard to cats, don't get a cat. Take this as rule (with exceptions): a mature cat will tolerate a puppy, but a mature dog is likely to Injure, perhaps kill a kitten.
ARMS
PERU
41 Mud.
as a
43	Neat.
44	Myself.
Could it be that the
a
VERTICAL
46 He was also an 2 Erects.
3	Partner.
4	Insect’s egg
5	Adoring.
of
Passengers carried on electric railways in Canada during 1938 totalled 629,778,738.
Stereoscope, Old Parlour Favorite Sees Camouflage
PUCK CHASERS
55 Backs of necks 9 Sick. 57 Iron cup.
59 Musical
bird.
10	Adult tadpole. 60 Measure of
11	To enrich.
Low-Winged Monoplane Will Be Used Here For Training
n^e.
area.
. SENIOR "A" SET-UP
Hamilton Dominions and Galt Moose Club made a successful start, as new entrants in Senior O.H.A. “A” Hockey at Galt Arena early this month and their excellent showing indicates a lively sea for Senior hockey game in Ontario this winter.
#	' vT



I



A gadget that was the life of the party in the gay 90s is now helping fight the war in Europe, it is the old-fashioned stereoscope, with which you looked through eyepieces at double postcards and got three-dimensional views of Niagara Falls and the Taj Mahal. Its wartime use Is the detection of concealed military structures and ap-pa-atus.	y
From Slightly Different Positions
The principle of the stereoscope is that through two pictures taken from slightly different positions, you get the same effect of perapec-live aa when you look at something with two eyes. In camouflage detection, one picture in the stereoscope is a picture taken as nearly as possible from the same viewpoint after anfsuspected military emplacements have been made.

s>;



ÿ/'.f
IFü





S


as

¦ '
s



Hamilton and Galt are the new clubs replacing Oshawa and Brantford teams of last season.^ Bark again with strengthened line-ups are Niagara Falls, St. Catharines Saints, Port Colborne Sailors, and the Toronto Goodyears, who are defending the Senior O.H.À. 1 A’ championship.



#


. . ^
m

i
W

Team colors in the Senior “A” series fox* this season follow: Niagara Falls, mafoon and white; Galt—purple and gold; Hamilton —red and white ; Port Co I born eld gold and blue; St. Catharines —blue and white; G : : f years gold and blue.



am

w
Several hundred Harvard training planes, ordered in the United State, by Great Britain, will be delivered in Canada and used to train fcmpire pilots, according to a spokesman for the British air mission, now in Canada. The spokesman said that mass delivery of the low-winged monoplanes would not take place immediately, but sometime in the near fu. Capable of a speed of 260 m.p.h., the Harvard, are powered by a 660 h.p. Pratt and Whitney Waap engine.

tore
with the
By J. MILLAR WATT
Goodyears ran away league race last season, not losing although they ran into the odd tie game. Such will not be the case this season in the opinion Of the Senior hockey followers. The Tiremen have lost four key-n in Goalie Harry McQueaten, ___Je née player and Captain Wilfred Sutcliffe, Don Met* and Hank Goldnp. They have added Jimmy Drummond and Abner Grant u> their blue line division, and Paul Mmndrick, Bus Benson, Bert Tur-_ and Jerry Cooper from Oeb-aws, in an effort to make up for the last winter's star performers. Goodyears have their best front in Ingiis, O'Flaherty . Imlach, Robertson, Laur-O'tinen, Bowman and Goalie
POP—Just a Mixture
*
KM
YOU KNOW WHAT "A ' POLYGLOT IS, oo/r
t WAS ALWAYS
course!
I
geometry:
j
«%

def

p
K
\
s
w
y
%
w



f
a

»,

v

f

4

I m, I
71
*
-
A
4


A
é
• I
V !



• in*
is
I
r I
I I
111
B ïïSi5
¦ Jj.
5 EFS
sres
a

«12

e
Ü
S’AiiG
«
«.G
•WÎ&K.
n a- vs
n ,;. 2/ it
a >i
•«nee
H3

U11V.S
næ
S Gi

^ fJL
llSn
U »¦. ¦ I»

M'Ati'A
A#

Tïu:
###PAGE###8###
f
Look Here
5 Phonetics of Egyptians
Revealed in Documents
Egyptian, a tongue heard from before the days of the pyramids down to the Middle ages but unspoken for the last 900 years, is giving up the secrets of sounds familiar to*Tut,ank- no|B| furnished hamen, Moses and his followers and Howard, ShawvMe Cleopatra, through research in Coptic documents at the University of
The new Beach “Manor’' a H. Michigan.	CATTLB-One McLaughlin Juttor, new
%= rs «Si'S SP®SM&"«•
depended upon at all times to S the spoken language was replaced -
render service of the highest S by Greek during the years of Greek FOR SALE—One Driving Sleigh ; on,
r«™'“ r 1	»rasfMUStbSrs;
t oiaumption. It is partiooUr g the Tenth century. Scholars have 1 hone 1 *3, designed for the averaged sized fl been able to translate the written
'•«if -i™	“ * S isirËJü'îkîf^,0 to1i™
,»r««mu (Mm a %%	STUSS storosrsMSKi&^e:
>ourself of its outstanding Q 0f the pyramid builders sounded or Mrs, Thos. Killy, Breckcnrldge,
when spoken.
The clues to the Egyptian spoken word are being traced at the University of Michigan by Prof. William H. Worrell, specialist in Coptic.
“Copt’1 is the name mew applied to the Egyptian people since their adoption of Christianity, although Christianity is not at present the dominant religion of Egypt. Centuries ago, while Egyptian was still FOR SALK—Dwelling spoken, these people developed a building# with 3 acres of land, on high method of writing Greek in Egyp- way tp Norway Day. elme to school and
ss. s. rssjrss? x
‘°TV te^tS .hi,	WIND CHARtiER—Hartieu the wind
To do this the Copts took the and turnjit Into electricity, by having a
Greek alphabet, added six Egyptian new wind charger made and Installed at
sounds and used the combination as a very email coat, and term» If desired
iSMSP s rs? t EEïwern “!ïto
his detectivef work for - forgotten
Supply Sufllcienl Timber	Im‘” “* w-~ w"“1
* to toM™"me, ‘ £to ! "h“ «mmd= ms>’ lr torm«d in ,he
hen they are being replaced has
For Sali-, Wants, Found
Lost otc;
Here is the Stove You Have Been Looking For 1
Stanfield’s Underwear
O
KOOMBRS-Smrml largo comforlabl î
Apply to O. A.
Phone 3U.
This Year’s Stock at
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR
Last Year’s Prices
X

a

2
$3.50
$2.75
X
lied Label Combinations Gold Label Combinations
\
\
\
Gold Label Shiits and drawers, each $1.60
$2.00
IBS
Stanfield’s All-wool Combinations...
Stanfield’s All-wool Shirts and Drawers
each..................
Heavy Fleece Combination
We also carry a full stock of ‘ Woodstock and Percha” rubbers at lowest prices.
$1.15

Que
îuality by becoming a satisfied g •wner of «me of these ranges, 8
es
$1.65
FOU SALB—One Gelding Blood Col rising two year-old sired by Brownie, A^ply to Eldbid Meic, R H. No. 3, Shaw

Wilmer H. Horigins
U ii 11 a
FOR SALK—Onv good driving hoi* rising 3 years. Apply to c_
McKee, Qncbec.
Shawville, Que.
a Phone, 20-18.
L. R. KEON
M
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
lyiyiyiZiZLZiZi/yiziz.iz.z.z./j/N'
ZlZKv/
U
house and ou
CARD OF THANKS
The family of the lato Mrs. Win. II, Laughren, desire to express their heartfelt thank.** to many friends and neighbours for their great kindness and ex pressions of sympathy during the illness and death of their beloved mother.
Pity the victims' of war ; heal the wounded ; comfort the alhict* ed-help the Med Cross.
Phone, 43
Birds Show Preference
To Islands for Nesting
'
Birds have a strange preference 1-----;--
for islands. In stormy Lake Supe- New U. S. Tree Plantings rior, miles beyond Passage Light, gulls build their nests on the huge rock masses which poke their heads above the waves. In shallow Lake Erie, terns nest by the hundreds on
a- pebbly island near Put-in-Bay. long been the impression of the In Saginaw bay. ducks make their average American citizen nests on Lone Tree island and the his idea in mind many people Charities. Wherever land is entire- iavc purposely aimed to specify ly surrounded by water, it seems materials other than wood in an ef-that birds like to congregate.	! to display their “American spin
This preference for island breed- ! V in conserving our forests. This ing grounds is found in many of our j erroneous public attitude, accord-
ng to P. A. Hayward, thief of the forest products division, of the department of commerce, has done more damage than good since it has aided fn weakening the consumption of products produced by what was once America s greatest industry. As a result thousands of former workers are locking for employment.
Even by mak'ng the most ex- i trente assumptions Mr. Hayward states that any shortage of timber for lumber and allied products could ! be only at some far distant time What is more likely is that there will always be sufficient forest in the -United States to meet all reasonable 1 needs and that the immediate and pressing problem, according to Hay- I ward, is that of expansion of mar, vantage of this trait. E. A. Mcll- jkets for forest products, as without j In 1891 she married Mr. Laughren, henny, whose bird city on Avery adequate markets our forest re-who died nine years ago.	island, Louisiana, is a famous sane- sources would be larger an econom- j
James, all of Clarendon ; two sis- logical survey had made island , ters, Mrs. XV. A. Smith, of Kino, building one of its specialties in the asse Ont., and Mrs. J. Elliott Jones, of development of refuge areas. Is-McCord, Sask , and two brothers, lands are formed when areas are Thomas and Almond Hodgitis of flooded. Results of this sort may farm.	be seen on the new Seney Refuge
The funeral, which was largely in the Upper Peninsula. On the attended by relatives and friends, Bear river refuge, machinery was was held on Wednesday afternoon, being used to finish up the end of a from the late home of the deceits- 1,000-foot island when birds began ed, to Norman l nited Church, nesting on the other end. This
rtSM-rS EEr
Rev A F. Pokes, pastor of Shaw e‘gSl ville United Church ; Rev. M. C.
Pritchard, of Campbell’s Bay Holiness Movement Church and Rev.
G Bur tell, pastor of the Standard Church, North Clarendon. Mr. and Mrs. Asa Smith, sang as a special selection “In that Beautiful Laud”
Interment was made ? in the Church cemetery, the pa 11-bearers, all nephews, were :	Messrs. Cyril
and Clémence H«»bin, Elliott, Pres
Robert Telford, well-known and ton "nd Johu Liodgtn* and John
mm
He is survived by his wife the Asa Laughren and fampy.
Basket—Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Laughren
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
No bigger line of household necessities ,.	5=-	.	. ,	, 'nywberi. Prices get business. Quality
human mouth and throat and how, assure, repeats. High Commission ami and a broad study of all the dialects plenty of advantages. Season it Its
the^preserdand'Cas the^were5%e°n
and written in ancient days. By out obligation.	KAMI LEX. MO St.
starting with sounds used today in | Montreal related languages, closely observing spelling variations and words borrowed from other tongues, it is possible to trace individual sounds backward in time by processes now known to be scientifically accurate, finally arriving at forms silent for centuries.
With
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Wilson’s Garage
cormorants, pelicans
waterfowl gulls, terns, avocets, phalaropes and other shorebirds. Behind the birds' preference for islands is perhaps the fact that islands provide protection from some of the predatory animals that take a heavy toll of nesting birds. Sometimes birds select only slight elevations along a lake-shore for their nesting sites. Muskrat houses scarcely can be called islands, yet they seem to qualify
Phone, 278
The Same Reliable Service
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
President's Hobbies
Usually Athletic Type
Presidents’ hobbies have been usually of the athletic type rather than the collecting type. Franklin D. Roosevelt's collections of ship models and stamps are well known; his athletic hobbies are now confined to swimming and horseback I riding. Hoover, like Cleveland, en” joyed fishing as a hobby. Harding's hobby was golf, though like Taft he also enjoyed watching baseball. While much was written about Coolidge's mechanical horse while he was in the White House, his chief hobby appears to have been walking. Wilson enjoyed horseback riding but among his other hobbies was a passion for vaudeville entertainment. Theodore Roosevelt's athletic hobbies included big game hunting, horsemanship and tennis. Among earlier Presidents, perhaps Jefferson had the most notable hobbies. These included all the natural sciences, invention, arboriculture, etc. It is claimed that he invented the revolving chair. Washington’s great hobby was farming. Tree culture was also a hobby of John Quincy Adams. Benjamin Harrison enjoyed duck hunting. U. S. Grant was addicted to strong cigars and light novels.
Ford Service
Mrs. W. H Laughren Dies After Two Months Illness
Mis. William H. Laughren, life lung resident of Clarendon, died with the birds. At bird sanctuary, Monday, November 20tli, at the near Battle Creek, one may sec home of her son, Everett, at North numerous duck and goose nests on Clarendon, at the age of tkl yea is deserted muskrat houses
Mrs Laughren suffered a para Bear river in Oregon, four-fJt lytic stroke about two months'!the Canada geese nests had ago from which she failed to rally foundations provided by muskrats She was the former Miss Willie- Men who are trying to restore mina Hudgins, daughter of the areas for waterfowl may take ad-late Mr. and Mr*. George fiodgin*
Native of Bristol Dies at Smeaton, Sask
Shell Sealed Cas â Oils
Mr. S. C. Woods, of Caldwell, received word on Monday of the death of his brother, Thomas H. Woods, at Smeaton, Sask., on November 20 Full particulars have not been received.
J. P. Wilson
In the hs of their
Main Street Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40
Mrs. Thomas Grant Dies in Ottawa Hospital
Tenders Wanted
Clara Maria Taber, widow of Thomas Grant, and formerly of Quyon, Que., passed away at an Ottawa Hospital, on Friday, Nov. 24th. after a lengthy illness was in her 74th year.
Mrs, Grant was born at Beech Grove, Que , and received her education ill that district. She married Thomas Grant, of Bristol, in 1802 and took up residence nt Quyon, where her husband business for many years, the death of her husband in 1023, Mrs. Grant moved to Ottawa. For the past several years she made her home at 151 Primrose avenue.
Surviving are two daughters, Mrs. Harold Blanchard, Kinburn, and Miss Verda Grant, at home ; one son, Percy Grant, of Swift Current, Sask.; one sNter, Mrs. Emma Mac A lli*ter, Kingston, and five grandchildren.
The funeral xvas held on Monday afternoon, from her late le-sidence at one o'clock. Interment was in Norway Bay cemetery
Tenders will be received by the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer up until December Mb, 1939, for body hardwood for all Rural Schools. Wood to consist of hard maple, yellow birch and beech,
2	feet long ; also wood for Shawville High School to be of the same quality,
3	feet long.
The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted.
She
the crop ceases to be an important
Poultry Wanted
WHS 111
After
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary Treasurer
Shawville Egg and Poultry Association will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each week until 4.00 p m. For further particulars apply to
#

NOTICE
I

il. T. STARK
From this date all accounts outstanding in connection with the service of the Hackney Stallion, Dainty Prince George, must be paid to the owner. Other Arsons are not authorized to make collections.
Ry order of the owner,
W. H BROWN, Porcupine, Ont.
Manager
Phone, 9- 7
Fur Pelts Wanted
Indians Smooth Cheeked
The beard of the American Indian, like that of the oriental, is naturally
Most male Indians
FOR SALE
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
For immediate shipment onIv and subject to nrlnr sale 1.000«heets ' TITB LAP Galvanized Steel Footing.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd
very sparse would have a slight mustache and some beard on the chin if they permitted them to grow, but side whiskers are usually absent. It was almost a religion with the Indian to have a smooth face. Francis Park-man says when he was among the Sioux he “made careful use of the razor, an operation which no man will neglect who desires to gain the good opinion of Indians.” When Father Gamier, the French missionary among the Durons, showed the Indians a picture of the Savior the sight of the beard threw them into convulsions of laughter.
November 13, 1939
1333 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
Robert Telford, Morehead Dies in Ottawa Hospital
Cemetery Donations
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following additional contributions :—
Shawville Women*» Institute #10 00
2 00 t 00
Shawville Council 311 feet of piping
NORRIS R. HORNER Licensed Fur Dealer,
Shawville, Que.
The Red Cross heals the wounds of war and brings comfort to the afflicted.
Phone 43
X
David T Hedging, Frank McCleary .
©UR NEEDS...
YOUR OBLIGATIONS...
Photographs of the children become increasingly precious with passing years. They, too, in later years, will appreciate the record of their childhood. The appropriate gift. Christmas special — two extra photos with each dozen
H. Imison’s Photo Studio

Former Quyon Resident Dies in Alaska
Word ha* been received by re lative* at Quyon oi the death of James E. Boland in a Fairbanks, Alaska, hospital on Monday, Nov. 20 The late Mr Boland had been in ill health only a short time»
He wa* in histtlst year and was of Mr John Bnlnnd and the
Near the close of the year there are hundreds of subscription* due The Equity, and it is a time also when the publisher is called upon to meet the heaviest demands of the twelve month period. We have been anticipating that with the harvest returns this money would come in, end have not asked for it sooner. At this time we ap|M>al to all subscribers m arrears to give a little thought to their obligations in this respect, and earnestly request them to meet without delay the whole or part of their indebtedness hundreds of these small am ounts and the aggregate amount, if received, would be of much service tons. Flea se resolve to Pay Today, we can’t somehow get along without the use of money.
former Susan Emily Bodies ; two , daughters. Nha Bertha M. Telford, and family.
and Mrs. Franei* T. Ford, Otta wa ; j Broken Circle—Mrs. Basil Hobin, Mr. four step daughters, Mrs. R. P and Mrs. Amy Barnett and Hobin Fades, Mr*. Thomas McDowell, family.
Mrs. John L. Hod gins, all of Shaw-1 Spray*—Mr. and Mrs. Manly Laugh-villa, and Mrs. D. I Sutherland, ren. of Timmins ; Mr. and Mrs. L!«»yd of Ottawa, and three step sons. Laughren, of Timmins ; Mr. and Mr* Edward Wallace. Weyhurn, Sask ; (Jecil Laughren and family ; Mr. and Matthew and William Wallace, of \\rH< Ku**ril Hodgins and family
ii i	i j Mrs. and Preston Hodgins; Mr,and Mrs
The funeral, largely attended, fbomaa Hodgiu* and family
ducted by Rev Donald Andrews,, Garnet H*>dgins, Mr and Mr*
Ehvrt Richardson and Mr. and Mrs

é

Horses For Sale
a mon
late Mrs Boland, of Quyon. When 1» years of age he joined the Mounted Police and went Went to Maple Creek, Alta. Later lie was
transferred to While Horae, AI a*ka. The past few years of hi* life weie spent in pin*peeling.
He is survived by hi* father. John Boland, of Quyon : two m* 1er», Mr* I. P. Kelley, Slitt*ville. and Mr*. George H rN New We*t minster, B.C., and four brother* William, Jo*eph and Hamid, ol Qtivon. and Harry, of Beechgiovc. and one son, Harold His wife i»r deceas d him seven years ago The funeral was held at Fair banks
Three Oita, coming three-y ears
Three Oit», coming two years
Three Foala, mining one year-old
Three good drivers and good work homes.
Payments accepted on good securities on 6 to 18 months time. $ X 1
Apply to fcoX'd
G. A. HOWARD à PONS
Frost à Wood, Cockuhntt Imp. Ford Car* and Trucks, Shawville, Que.
Mr

Mr. end
We have


of Campbell'- Kay. who waxa^ist
ed by the RevUir, Rev. T. E. R J'*® »'<*'"•; Mr. and Mrr BHi^t 2^urse.	Hodgins, Mr. and Mrs Lem Hodgins
Interment was made In 9t Paul's »nd Mr. *nd Mrs Harry Maker ; Mr. Cemetery, the paII.bearers wrre, and M, Oreer and family, of Renfrew ; Messrs George and Janie* Clarke, Norman United Church Congregation ; James Th bum it, David Grant, Mr and Mrs. Clem Laughren, of j Clarence Homer and P Smith. Schumacher. y ^
THE EQUITY
