###PAGE###1###
$1.50 per annum In Advene# 2.00 to the Uni
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 1, 1940
No. 7, 58th Yeah
In Honor of MIm Norm» Sade» GOWLING
PERSONAL MENTION
A sample of Banner Oats, mea-	_
ilïlÉsMlSSilllldÊlSIEli»-
;S77»SK'M I Mr. . Wm. ,D.„ of Otfw.. ...
feint impressions of the much- a guest of friends in town on Sun talked of letter "B".	|day last.
Mrs. Wm.
Master Orville, town on Sunday.
decesHor bodies now comprise 36.-1 Mr. and Mrs. Ivan Horner ni El wood Sharpe were joint hostes*
000 units costing together with Timmins, Ont., are visiting their Les at a nicely arranged raised-1 T	. MTtt a t*
special bodies, wheels and tires, relatives in this district.	laneons shower at their home on | JAMLo A. M1LLAK
Èssiif
within the year. Further orders Mr. and Mrs. Geo. H. McDowell, Swartz received many beautiful 7,000 units will shortly be |of Ottawa, were week end guests Lnj useful gifts, which shei grate-
of relatives in town and vicinity, fully acknowledged. Dainty re-
Mr. nnd Mr». Jas. Donahue, of f real ment» were served by the St. Johns, Que., are visiting at the hostesses.
home of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Wilson.	-—
Shawville Hardware
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
takes place this month.
During the afternoon, the bride elect was presented with a bridge lamp and two dresser lights by a number of her friends.
Mrs. R. P. Fades presided at the in tea table.
on Sunday
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
Sereney and son visited friends
67 Millions in Automotive Orders
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
w. E. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
B.A.LLL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon .
of
placed
Quebec Bed Cross
Repair Agents For
service.	Q,ie	of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Rush, to I Office-Id the G. F. Hodgins Building
In this connection Mrs. Annre	^r,	Mrs. Fred Emery, of Mr. Ernest W, Sharpe, son of Mr. I Main Street, Shawville. Que.
policy of being prepared find fully
equipped to meet any demand	Mrs. Kenneth Hodgins and
made upon it	children, of Noranda, are visiting
The same all-service wool used their îelatives in town and	„ ,ott—Corhioan
for socks may be used for gloves, vicinity.	Elliott Vo «
DONAT Le GUERRIER
knitthîg book.	district.	27th, when their eldest daughter.	b.a.. l.l.b..
g	The Misses Amelia Smart. Norma Pearl Evelyn, became the bride ot
Fades, Muriel Strutt and Edith Mr. Clarence Melborne Elliott, son	Notary Public
Currie Mill,, have beeu camping I of the bk,	| CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Welling ofaiî ffiin.SoDoSctlon x a! Dmimnond. "	"	carried s%uque^tT.lhman
with the Empiie Ttaining h • Mr. Mildurn Hodgins, of South roses. The bridesmaid, Miss Mary Over eighty airports are in ame - porcnpjne> l9 spending a vacation Corrigan, sister of the bride, wore ent stages ot construction m -1 ^ t^e home 0f |,is parents, Mrs. a dress of dusty rose with white ada at the present time. An a * an(j Mrs. Wesley Hodgins.	accessories. She had a bouquet of
sss
Corrigan, sister ot the bride, presided at the organ.
•	»--------v . w	Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Giles and son, I After the ceremony, a buffet
struct runways; laying eigntm if Wartime, Sask., are visjtjng at lunch was served on the lawn to
of tiled drains; excavating l	h0me 0f Mrs. Giles’ brother, about 90 guests. The couple then
cubic yards of open ,dlt< nuntg, Mr Lewis Harkness, in Bristol. left for a short motor trip and on
BSœs
French Specialist Certificate.	m.'A^lrber!'Almonto ;WMn “nd
Mr. Gene Choninard and children, Mrs. J. H. Wilson, Westmeath, and his mother-in-law, Mrs. Peter and Mrs. James Aurai, Quyon.
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
The attendants were the groom s sister and brother in law, Mr. and Mrs. John La leer, jr.
Howes
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Try Our Grocery Dept.
Constructing Airdomes Is a Big Job
You'll Find] Plenty of Specials
at Sand Buy
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with byjcorrespondence
24c
New Oxydol Deal, '2 Mp 2 cTa01
Ivory Snow Flakes................
Giant Einso .....................
Super Suds, large, free glass fruit bowl,... per pkg.
P.[& G. Soap......special
Economie Soap Flakes....
oap
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-221»
25c
49t
we MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
25c
hauling and applying after a month's visit with her
60.000	tons of crushed stone and | daughter, Mrs. A. F. Pokes.
77.000	gallons of surfacing to
of dirt ;
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
25c
...6 bars for..........
giant size.....per pkg.
Fancy Toilet Soap......ten varieties.....6 bars for
Special Assorted Cookies, [12 varieties] 2 lbs for.
“Drakes” Giant Grape Fruit Juice...........
Blue Ribbon Coffee.......1 pound glass jar
Gold Medal Tea, Orange Pekoe....
Clover Leaf Salmon....... fancy pink
special size...3 cans for.....
special picnic size............
large size....per doz.
2 pkgs......
con
25c
D. J. CAMBPELL
25c
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
29c
Phone • I.
Many Attended Memorial Service
25c
• ••••
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
ond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 6 3 8 t
Smith, of Perth, are visiting rela
mrtisK s» ite 'ümSS.'b,
°F. Foké?"l|i!UÏo»0roî "bî £S5dSiri«° *"	SSÏT gSSïtf trplJ
direction of Mr. W. H. Finlayaon, Miss Elvm Sharpe, nurse in train- Tiernan, of the same district, paraded to the cemeteries and lead ing at Cornwall General Hospital, Surviving aie the sorrowing the singing of three hymns and j8 spending a vacation with her husband, two daughters and eight contributed a number of other parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas sons, Jean and Lois, Delbert,
«. .suss. sw*	Ki,r, saa.%3
Bert perCy and Peter Walls, all of Bryson ; four sisters, Mrs. James Laughren, of Detroit ; Mrs. Percy Gardiner, ot Pine Falls, Man.; Mrs Ed. Pohl, of Detroit, and Miss Bernadette Walls of Bryson.
The esteem in which the deceased was held and the sympathy felt for the bereaved was manifest by the large attendance at the funeral, held from the late home on Saturday fafternoon to St. James’ Anglican Church, Bryson, where service was conducted by the Bev. Donald Andrews, of Campbell’s Bay.
Interment was made at More-head Anglican cemetery, the pallbearers being Messrs. John and Ted Hodgins* Raeburn McTiernan. D. E. McLaughlin, James Ren nick and Harry Fades. Many beautiful floral tributes were received.
49c
• ••MM ••••••
75c
Meeeurtns
G1
Pitcher Free
35c
Dru
2 cans for
25c
Clark’s Spahetti Heinz Catchup.
10c
D*. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
35c
Special Sunkist Oranges
Shredded Wheat Quarker Corn Flakes..... 2 pkgs. for
23c
########!•••#•••
e •••••
••••••
15c
BELAI* 3 267
25c
per bottle....
Giant Vanilla Theimos Outing Jugs
###**#*#######
#*#### ###
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
$1.69
gallon size
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
Mr, Joseph Kilgour. Mrs
_	^ _	Hodgins and Mrs. John R. Me*
Work Report of	Dowell attended the funeral of
Community Hospital Auxiliary Mias Sadie Kilgour, at North Bay,
on Saturday afternoon.
ONT.
OTTAWA,
PHONE, -7 96 1
Mrs. R. r. Eades, president ; Mrs. I Mr*. C. Whitelaw, of Toronto,
U. J Caldwell, vice pres : Mrs. former missionary to China, was Earl McDowell, sec.-trees ; Mrs. A. gU6st speaker at the August
F. Pokes, convenor of sewing ; meeting of the United W. M. S	___
Mrs. A. O. Brough, convenor ot Thursday. The meeting was in
mending ; Mrs. Reuben Smith, cjmrge- nf Mrs. Robt Young’s Numerous Contracts Awarded convenor of buying; Mrs. AC! I group and Mrs, Austin McDow
SS5&	..Vd m“' — in	Over KOI. contact, b... b»„
MacDougal, social committee.	The following teachers returned let by the Department ot Mum
The President wishes to express to their homes naving successfully tions and Supply and its prede-her appreciation to all who have completed their course at Mac- cessor bodies, the Defence t ungenerously given time, and who donald College: Misses Ruby Smith chasing Board and the \\ ai Supply have so ably woiked for the wel- and Ruth Stanley, Bristol ; Dora Board, «dnce July H, HW- During fare of the Community Hospital. Hanna, Mabel Hamilton, Muriel the last three months contracts The next work meeting will be Brownlee and Emily Judd, Shaw* have averaged over 4.(100 monthly held August 0th, 1010	ville ; Eunice Whelan, Fort Cou. and had a value, ot *tk>lNM>,UUU beAll persons interested ill this longe :	Rtibv Stevenson, Camp, sides SÔ0,000,000 on new p ant con*
,f community work are ' bell’s Bay ; Kathleen Graham, of strncthms and extensions to ex*
Wy ni «n.	iating plant
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Canning Supplies
Preserving and

Canning Racks, Preserving Pots, Mixing Spoons, Rubber Rings, Zinc Rings
!
Certo,
Memba Seal,
Parawax,
Sealers,
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialist,on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

on

REPRESENTIN’G COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
no
Quebec
Shawville
il*
I
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
type
cordially invited to attend
167
^10540
###PAGE###2###
In answer to tho second part oC your question, a ton of straw carries 11 lbs. Nitrogen, 4 of Pho* phortc Acid and 20 of Potash. A ton of pig manure carries 16.8 lbs. Nitrogen, 9.5 lbs. Phosphoric Acid and 14.5 lbs. of Potash.
had been added and treated with 6 applications of the chemical mixture. The pile was then thoroughly soaked and allowed to stand for about 5 months. It was then applied to the crops such as we have just indicated.
I. O. D. E. Presents Bomber To Royal Canadian Air Force
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON


/

w




LESSON IV
CONSEQUENCES
(A Principle of Temperate Living).—Proverbs is 7-10; Isaiah Si 11, 12, 18-23; Galatians 6: • 7-9.
By William Ferguson
| This Curious World

WEIGHING
HOUR. GLASSES WERE USED BV EARLY NEW ENGLAND . MINISTERS FOR. TIMING Z
THEIR. SERMONS--L?
AND SOMETIMES 18 THE SAf^D WAS 1/
RUN THROUGH Jl
Godliness is profitable for all things, having promise of the life which now is, and of that which is to come. 1 Tim. 4: 8.
GOLDEN TEXT

W;f


THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Solomon, who wrote or collected many of the gems found in the book of Proverbs, flourished about 1,000 B.C. The chapter in Isaiah, from which a portion is taken for this lesson, was written about 760 B.C. Paul wrote his epistle bo the Galatians in A.D. 67.
Place.—Solomon ruled in Jerusalem, and there also Isaiah prophesied. Galatia Roman province in what is now known as Asia Minor.
In this lesson we are reminded that a true Christian life is not a mechanical obedience to many rules, but s' life so filled with the presence of the Lord Jesus Christ, guided by his Spirit, that obedience to the laws of God becomes, as it were, second nature to a person. All God's laws for us will be continually and gladly kept if the Spirit of Christ is allowed to control and guide our every thought, word and deed, ruling sovereign in our hearts.
From Father to Sob
This twin-engined bomber and reconnaissance plane, a Bristol “Bolingbroke,” has been presented to the Royal Canadian Air Force by the Imperial Order of the Daughters of the Empire. Lodges of the order from coast to coast combined forces to collect money to buy the bomber. It carries on its nose the insignia of the order and the words "For King and Empire/'
TXMÆS.

Farm Notes ..

IÏ
RADIO REPORTER
Q Could you tell me the difference in weight of a ton of dry straw placed In a pile and allowed to rot for a period of six months in summer, having sufficient moisture?
Also could you give me a valuation per ton of straw compared to fairly fresh pig manure where the straw is the litter? “N. M. — York Co."
?
By DAVE ROBBINS
\
i
~*A
was a vast
RADIO AND THE WAR
Radio entered a new phase of its service to the world with the outbreak of the second world war. Hitherto radio’s first claim to fame was through its entertainment value; today, it Is a vital source of communication, presenting the news that develops so fast no other facility can cope with Its swift pace.
Radio in Canada has responded readily to the intensification of the wsir effort. The CBC has utilized its networks to bring the news to listeners, and to provide the entertainment essential as a respite from each day's reports of the struggle. And during these arduous months, the CBO has experimented with and developed another urgent service — programmée specially planned to assist Canada’s war effort
Of these, "Carry on Canada!" Is broadcast Sunday nights at 9:00 p m. from Toronto studios, and It is produced in co-operation with the Federal Government’s Department of Information.
Ontario listeners can get this splendid program each Sunday night at nine, daylight time, by tuning in at CBL, CKOC or CBC.
NOTES AND NEWS
The Columbia Broadcasting System has an ambitious summer program schedule lined up headed by a program called "Forecast." It got under way July 15th and is being heard on Monday evenings. Each program is built around some movie or radio star, or world personality, and is designed to bring out. the particular performer’s best abilities. Shirley Temple, washed up with pix for the time being, will try radio.
I


ATOMIC
EMERÛV
IN A SINGLE
DROP cf WATER,
IP IT COULD
at
tiff
IN THE.

A. Answering your inquiry, which has been referred to my attention, I would say that the weights of fresh straw are approximately as follows:
Crop

f:
è
IS KNOWN AS A
*Q3/vi/act:*

WOULO
FURNISH
ZOO HORSE
POWER.
Cu. Yds. per Ton
Wt. per Cu. Foot (lbs.)
23.S
3.5
Wheat Oats Barley
The straw which we have mentioned takes up to the pound of litter, the following amounts of water: Oat Straw, 2.28; Bailey Straw 2.85; Wheat Straw 2.20.
I am unable to tell you just what the straw pile should weigh at the end of six months, but I do know that in compost Experiments conducted by Michigan Agricultural Experiment Station where 6 tons per acre of Compost Manure were turned under, 1 compost consisting of Barnyard Manure in comparison with Synthetic Manure which was dampened and treated straw as explained below, there were the following yields:	Barnyard Man-
ure, 110.6 bus. per acre of Potatoes. Synthetic Manure 179.6 bus. an acre of Potatoes. The note says that, "It ure failed to give as good results Is believed that the Barnyard Manas the Synthetic Manure because of the rather high content of straw which possibly led to a nitrate deficiency where the Barnyard Manure was applied. Turning under s in oh quantities of strawy material low In nitrogen often reduces the yields of the crop that immediately follows it."
I
-3. U
24.3
3.4
This is the time of the year when your garden needs special attention
plants and flowers free from bugs, fungus and all the other blights. The best way to care for your flowers is to tune In Dick, the Amateur Gardener, heard from 1120 on your radio dial every week-day at 12:30 noon. Dick will tell you how to meet all your problems.
30.2
28
to keep your prize roses,
lA/rtOCE VÆX/Z.
& injur* #V MCA 6£SV.CC. IWC
CIRCUS folk have a language all their own. To them, camels are humps, elephants are bulls, monkeys are old folks, hippos are hogs, hyenas are grave-diggers, and ostriches are big turkeys. And people who take in all the free sights, but never buy tickets, surs lot-fleas.
NEXT: Are &l.‘y creamt _____ ____
Prov. 1: 7 The fear of Jehovah W the beginning of knowledge; But the foolish despise wisdom and instruction. This verse stands , out as the motto, or key-note,
: both of the whole book and of the whole subject of which the book treats. 8. My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and for- . sake not the law of thy mother:
9. For they shall be a chaplet of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. The moral beauty which will become conspicuous by following the advice given in verse 8 is here symbolized by objects of conspicuous adornment .to the person. 10. My eon, if sinners entice thee, Consent thou not. This young man is warned not even to begin to give heed t; to the enticements offered ts him, for once one begins to walk ;;on the paths of iniquity, human experience everywhere testifies : to the fact that the step will lead | to others that will swiftly carry that one down to lower and lower i levels.
wait producing heel-foods seed In making W#j
HAND-PICKED RADIO BRIGHT
SPOTS
Sandy’s Canadian I Hour from BBC via CBC at 8:00 p.m. . . . Monday—Burns and Alien with Artie Shaw on the NBC-Red ? network at 7:30 . . . Tuesday — Laugh and Swing Club from WOR mutual chain at 9:30 p.m. . . . Wednesday
starring Jean Hersholt, on the Columbia ohain at 8:30 . . . Thursday — Stag Party via CBC from Vancouver at 11:30 p.m. . . . Friday — Music You Want from CKOC at 3:30 . . . Saturday drama on the NBC-Blue network at 8:00.
Sunday
I
AQUATIC REPTILE
Answer So Previous Puzzle
9 Done once e
week.
10	To concede.
11	Wild duck.
12	To repent
16 Skillets.
18 Blade of grasfc
20	Double bass.
21	Mentally sound.
22	It has teeth.
23	Interdiction.
24	A gratuity.
26	It has homy
27	Pigmented spot on akin.
28	Blemish.
29	Brooch.
31	Sluggishness.
32	Myself.
33	Mongrel 35 Enemy.
38	To havei
39	Affray,
41 Flock.
43 Wealthy.
45 Female fowl
47	Twitching.
48	Postscript
49	Right.
50	Road.
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured reptile, or alligator.
9 It is found chiefly in fresh
13	Fertile desert spot.
14	School of a university.
15	To scratch.
16	To straighten up.
17	To rub out.
19	South America.
20	Nude.
21	Strip of steel 34 Spectators, in tube making.
22	Compass point.
23	Covered trucks.
24	Bundle.
25	Electric unit.
27	Hodgepodge.
28	Sundry.
29	Logger s boot. 47 Plant.
30	Disturbances. 48 Pilaster, of peace.
Another “Empire program" to being presented by CKOC each Sunday afternoon at 6:30 '8on*s the Soldiers Sing” Is the feature. This program Introduces new and old war tunes, the patrlot-le songs that everyone knows, or wants to know.
This show is one that every real good Canadian will want to hear.
I3W
Dr. Christian, a dram*

when

IS
ms
a

id


Radio Guild
[:!
EDOUARD
ewa aw
BHliH m
!
I
protective clubs of the Province. Organised in 1928 by representatives of angling associations from all Ontario it has expanded until to-day It represents most of tha sportsmen who are Interested in conservation. The purpose of tha Federation to to assist the Government in maintaining, improving and perpetuating the game fish resources of the province; to bring before the public the urgency of conservatlonal efforts; and to educate the growing generation along these lines. The President of the Federation to Dr. H. C. Bliss, of Toronto, and the secretary-treasurer is Mr. C. C. McGfbbon, of Osh-awa. The executive council includes most of the leaders in conservation in Ontario.
Mr. Toner served overseas In the last war and on his return, while in hospital, became interested in animals. After graduating from Queen’s University he worked for the Ontario Game and Fisheries Department for several years as a biologist. A break-down in health caused him to turn to free-lance writing and be has successfully conducted a column on nature for several years In eastern Ontario newspapers. At the present time Mr. Toner to working on diseases of fishes at Queen's University, under a grant from the Fisheries Board of Canada.

Saving Ontario's Natural Resources
STRAW COMPOST
The Straw Compost was made up by Michigan Experiment Station as follows: A 10 ft. square pile of fresh wheat straw was started and the straw was piled to a depth of 1 ft. On this was scattered 30 lbs. of the following chemical mixture: 67% lbs. Sulphate of Ammonia, 20 per cent. Superphosphate, 22.5 lbs„ and Ground Limestone, 60 lbs. Another foot of straw was placed on top of this, and 30 lbs. more of the chemical mixture was added. This was continued until 5 feet of straw
1
Five Road» to Ruin
lea. 5: 11. Woe unto them that •rise up early in the morning, that .they may follow strong drink; that tarry late into the night, till i'wine inflame them! 12. And the :' harp and the lute, the tabret and the pipe, and wine, are in their _ feasts; but they regard not the work of Jehovah, neither have they considered the operation of his hands.
The larger part of this chapter, verses 8 to 24, is occupied with a series of woes pronounced agaInst various classes of people In Israel guilty of certain flagrant sins. 18. Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of falsehood, and sin as It were with a cart rope; 19. That say, Let him make speed, let him hasten his work, that we may see it; and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we may know it! These I people are making an impious challenge to Jehovah to make good his words spoken through I the prophets,—a defiant unbelief I which seems to have been the reigning spirit of the political circles of Isaiah’s times. 20. Woe unto them that call evil good, I and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, ai sweet for bitter! Referring to the things that are sweet and bitter, it has been said that although they may be sweet the material taste, they are nevertheless bitter, I inasmuch as they produce abhor- | rence and disgust in the God-like nature of man, and, after a brief period of self-deception, are turned into the bitter woe of fatal results.
21. Woe unto them that wise in their eyes, and prudent in their sight! (the road of pride) mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong;
18, that justify the wicked for a ness of the righteous from him!
In his last "woe" Isaiah returns to"* the drinking habits of the upper classes, from which it would appear that among the judge* of Iareal there were "six bottle men’’.
God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man eoweth, that shall he also reap. 8. For he that soweth unto hie own fleeh »hall of the iladà reap corruption; hut lit- that !
32 To
masher, manufacture. 51 Its eggs are
laid in
52 Its eggs are by the
I
33 Star.
35	Amusement.
36	Born.
37	Owl’s cry.
39	Myself.
40	Grain.
sun.
VERTICAL
Do you know how vitally all of us are affected by tbs depletion of our natural resources? At no time in our history has it been more Important to know how we can conserve our wild life and fisheries. In a series of articles that will start In this newspaper soon, conservation and the replenishment of our natural resources will be discussed in a popular and accurate style. These articles have been written by G. C. Toner, B A., tor the Ontario Federation of Anglers, and will deal with our familiar animals, birds and fishes
Need Is Urgent
The Ontario Federation of Anglers Is the associated fish and game
1 Heart.
42	Female sheep 2 To elevate.
43	Thing.
44	Definite article.
46 Half of em.
3	Bones.
4	Citizen.
5	Ridge.
6	Cake decorators.
7	Learnings.
8	Deer.
49 Potato
New Postmaster-General
Z

5



9


W. Çi
•oweth unto the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap eternal life, present life is the seed-time of an eternal harvest—we must be careful what we plant for the quality of the future harvest depends entirely on the present sowing. Like breeds its like; life springs from life; and death eternal ie the culmination of a soul’s present death to God and goodness.
9. And let us not be weary in well-doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
Our
%
$£m
%

I

2
3
During his periods as Prim# Minister, between 1924 and 1987,
Earl Baldwin (then the Rt. Hon.
Stanley) had 8,000 pipes sent
him as presents.

m . A
8
Col. W. P. Mulock who was recently named by Prime Minister Mackenzie King as the new Postmaster-General of Canada.
51
*
I
POP—No Choice
By J. MILLAR WATT
.ON YOUR WIFE’S M BEST TABLE CLOTH V,
,
NOW WHAT WOULD YOU DO IP VOU UPSET A BOTTLE-
fdR OF INK '
are
JUST
LISTEN!
I
?

>-


t
U
Ci
t
9

Z z
7

»

• /
I
%
/r
y
1 23
11», by fk,
4*01
M* n&lif#(r fur.»
###PAGE###3###
Naz^aider^Fk^*Military Objective
MW
«
i What Science 1 Is Doing
f
!
• HAVE -YOU HEARD?
" It DOES taste seed in a pipe !"
mm
pa.


P V
k
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH - 1U
V4-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN • also packed In Peek ft Tins

L



-

»• V
,
f
-ad





I

S


'#0
A man who held the belief that I after a youth* had attained nia I majority he should be taught 'to I fend for himself, gave his son- a I thousand dollars, and told him I that henceforth he would have j to earn his own living. The young I man did no work, but spent a | riotous few months abroad, and | then found himself almost penni- J less. His sole desire was to get I home, so he decided to send a I cable.	I.
He found he had money suffi I fient to pay for only four words I, so, after considerable thought, he I telegraphed to his father: “Fatted I. calf for one!"	' I
1
POLIOMYELITIS DISCOVERY Bvtdence that infantile paralysis levadee the human body through sopixî *> than one “dour" was reported twt week by two Johns Hopkins •isdloal school doctors The rime disease, In monkeys end man, leaves a pattern of Intoned tissue along nerve tracts forming its path in the brain to the spinal cord, where it produce* par-
This “pattern" indicates by what portal or “door" the disease entered. Discovery of the portals Is an partant step toward preventing
D
f:

m


*
»
f

A


i
I
îlê

iVIII


' :
'
4
I
y
Say it with kisses.
Say it with eats;
S^y it with jewellery, , Say it with drink;
But always bs careful—, Don’t say it with iakl



How Can I?
¦

¦
BY ANNE ASHLEY


i
to disease


Q. How can I Impart a gl.çssy finish tp paint, wtiiçh has acquired a dull appearance after being yasi^-
mm*
ULTRA-VIOLET TELESCOPE A telescope Invented by toe director of General Electric’s light research laboratory at Cleveland, *9 It poselhl.o. (or the human Spe to see more than 320 miles. Its Sonstruotton Is essentially simple — lenses and a screen to receive wtira-vlolet rays. Nothing but ultraviolet rays come Into the telescope; pet a machine to discharge such iwye anywhere within the horizon, and the telescope will pick them up. The invention may some day h# of use In convoying darkened troopships, for the pilots could signal back and forth with ultra-et light, free from any danger _ , enemy submarines would see
The managing director ; of the electric sweeper company was, in a towering rage. "	~
“Did that new assistant of yours write our advertisement in the 'Daily Dash' today?" he roar-
“Yes, sir," nervously replied the chief of the advertising des paotment'. "Ts ' there anything ' wrong with it, sir?"
“Wrong with ' it?" screâined . the managing director. "Listen to ; this: /Dop^ Juif, your wife with hard wbrk^'iet us do it for you'."

:
L5

Music Lover: “Don’t you, •Kink music draws the E»g-i
togeth-


ed?
lish-speaking
er?”
A. Wash over the surface again with the following mixture: Pour one table#poon milk, and one-half tablespoon soap jelly into one quart of hot water.
• Q. How can I treat a bee sting?
. A. Remove the sting immediately; then apply any of the following remedies: Moist clay, bruised catnip leaves, ammonia, or baking soda.	» ••
Q. How can I keep the lighter shade in two-toned sport oxfords clean?
A. Try cleaning this lighter section with art gum. This is sometimes much more effective than the rise of à cleansing fluid.
Q. How can I destroy red ants?
A. Turpentine sprinkled into* thd crevices will destroy red • ants. Sprinkle cayeene pepper into crevices of shelves, dràwers,, and the other haunts of ants. *	*	'
Q. How can I remove a stain on the ceiling which has been caused by water seeping through a leak in the roof?
A. Cover the spot with black maknesia. Rub the black over the stain until it is covered; thVh smooth over with the tips of the fingers.
Q. How can X strengthen my hair?
A. A cut lemon nibbed into the roots of the hair and followed1 by' a wash in warm, soft water, will strengthen the hair and help to prevent its falling.	'


h
% '
Another: “Ye#, m sort of Anglo-Saxaphone alliance."



ed.



o

The sailor was recounting his experiences to a dear old lajly when she interrupted him. !
“But what rank did you hold?" she asked.
“Ship’s optician, lady," was tlje
reply.	J
“Ship’s optician? I never knew there was such a rank in the Navy. What did your duty consist of?" asked the old lady, curiously,
“Scraping the eyes out of potatoes,” was the startling reply.
A
>*•


m
’’ *'
4

msL

l
, -
z*
i.i
45 P. C; Increase In C. N.. Revenue
Wâbidâ
C
Steel-helmeted firemen douse the ruins with water following a German bombing raid on southern England during which Nazi bomba demolished this church.
torn
The gioss revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Rail-
OXYGEN FOR DIESELS Widespread use of diesel engined ah planes has been brought, a step «freer through successful experiments with a new oxygen boosting method of facilitating the takeoffs.
Experiments showed that by feeding the oxygen into the Intake air •f a Diesel engine, its power output could be increased by 66 per tent, for a few minutes without detonation and without undesirable strain on the engine.
factory health program is of the utmost importance in the successful prosecution of the war.
. ways for the week ending July- 7,
.1540 were ..........
as compared with .. for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of ....
o
A Montreal boy given a ten dollar bill to buy a packet of cigarettes, disappeared and was laer found at Toronto. He probably thought the change would do him good.
...$4,726,996 .. 3,248,942
HEALTH
TOPICS
Canada Launches Submarine Chaser
.. 1,477,046 or 45.5%
»# »
? ?
Poles Came Early To Canadian Lands
Sound Health Habits Needed
--O--
Ad in a western paper:
$11.60 Mahogany-finished Magazine Carrier. It really looks like a poultry feeder, but it’s worth $2.98.
$10.75 Mahogany-finished Fernery. An eyesore to us. You take and look at it for $5.95.
$18.50 Blue decorated ditto. This was made for plants, but it’s been planted here too long. We'll transplant it for $9.25.
$16.00 Bird Cage and Stand. Bought to hold a canary, but any bird can have it for $8.00.
$49.50 Solid Walnut Console Table with Mirror, If we keep it nny longer we shall have to sell it as an antique, $19.85.
Without ostentation, In a war setting, one of a fleet of sleek Canadian built submarine chasers was launched from an Eastern shipyard. While rain fell from dull skies overhead, and while & couple of hundred grimy workmen cheered, the trim craft slid along greased runways into the St. Lawrence River. A handful of company officials, several of the Royal and Royal Canadian Navy's officers and a lone khaki-clad military representative were on hand.
Constructed of Canadian materials by Canadian craftsmen, the war vessel will serve under the ensign of the British Royal Navy soon after she Is outfitted.
WILD FLOWER NAME?
Rear-Admiral H. A Sheridan, R.N., Admiralty representative on the British Supply Board, cut the white ribbon that sent the champagne bottle smashing against the bow of the ship.	•*
No woman had been asked to participate in the official christening, simply because no name had yet been decided on by the Admiralty in London. The likelihood Is, Rear-Admiral Sheridan said, that she will bear the title of a Canadian wild flower, following the style of similiar British made submarine fighters.
I
Ontario’s Health Minister Harold J. Kirby, in a recent address at Guelph, said that when the mass of people are prepared to ally themsel.eî with the leaders in the scientific world the #o-ct. :ed preventable diseases wi.*J cease to exist.
STILL A CONCERN “There is, however, a significant number of disabling conditions, the control of which is still concerning the beet minds in the field of medical research," Mr. Kirby told the Ontario Veterinary Association.
He was of the opinion that while much will ultimately be revealed as to the cause of these diseases, the early establishment of sound health habits and a oon-tro'.'ed program will do much to lower the death and sickness rates.
INSTRUCTION TO CHILDREN Mr. Kirby suggested suitable Instructions should be given regularly to children and that provision should be made for early discovery and correction of physical defects so commonly found in early days of childhood.
The minister said that a satis-
HELIUM ALTERS VOICE
The full resonant voice of a men In changed to a thin childish voice When the mouth is filled with bel-fom, the light non explosive gee need for filling airships, it has recently been discovered.
While Polish immigration m volume commenced at the end of the last century, history records that when Lord Selkirk arrived with his expedition of Scottish settlers in 1812, some Polish were added to his contingent in Eastern Canada and proceeded with him to the. Red River Valley, in Manitoba. In noting this fact, the Colonization Department of the Canadian National Railways states that in addition to being excellent farmers the Poles have contributed generously to the upbuilding of Western Canada by a traditional culture which includes folk songs, dances and â national drama.
I
Modern
Etiquette
$!0P*lTCH
of intact Bites—
Heat Rash
For quick relief from itching of ineeet btten, bent rush, athlete's foot, ecsema and other externally caused akin troubles, use world-famous, oooiibg, and* septic, liquid D. O. D. Preemption. Grasseiera, stainless. Soothes irritation and quickly stops intense oc. S5e trial bottle proves it, or money back. Ask • druggist today for D. D. 0. PRESCRIPTION.
BY ROBERTA LEE
Say it with flowers. Say it with sweets,
itchi
Q Should a host and hostess plan emne kind of activity for every minute of the time they are entertaining house gueata ?
A. One should of course plan a number of activities, but not necee-tarlly for every minute. Nor should top persist that each gueet enter ini to this entertainment, as though it were compulsory. They should bs more in the form of suggestions.
I

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
earn
see
LYONS’
MEM WANTED
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
A AKERS* OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always dn hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St. toron to._______________________
A FEW MORE WANTED TO ACT as agents talkers to clearly explain advantages our Household necessities known as F AMI LEX PRODUCTS offer to buyers. Already selling fn Immense quantities. Door to door canvassing necessary to show article# and take orders for same. Unusually good commission. Unlimited earnings possible. Everybody buys on sight CATALOGUE AND DETAILS: FA-1IILEX, 670 St. Clement. Montreal.
SUMMER CLEARANCE <41.E NEW AND RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
$21.00 Smart 3-piece brown repp. Chesterfield Suite, Marshall versible Spring cushions. Thoroughly clean.
$32.00 Large 3-plece brown mohair Chesterfield suite. Figured reversible Marshall cushions. Perfect. $12.50 3-plece Chesterfield suite In figured blue Jaquard, reversible spring cushions, thoroughly clean. $49.00 Beautiful large 3-piece brown mohair Chesterfield suite, (cost new $360). Thoroughly clean and completely reconditioned.
$46.00 Kroehler Chesterfield bed suite, 3 pieces, upholstered in brown repp, figured reversible cushions. Complete with new mattress. Perfect.
$14.76 Breakfast Suite, white trimmed with black, buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs.
$39.00 Modern dinette suite, choice of finishes, buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs.
$45.00 Floor sample dinette suite natural finish with red trim, refectory table, buffet and 4 chairs. $24.00 Solid oak 8-pleee dining room suite, buffet, table and 6 leather-seat chairs.
$49.00 Large English oak dining room suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and (i leather upholstered chairs.
$69.00 Modern dining suite, in rich walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$69.00 Beautiful 2-tone walnut finish dining suite, completely refinished, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather slip-seat chairs. Perfect.
$89.00 Solid walnut dining suite, modern buffet, extension table, semi-closed cabinet, and 6 leather sent chairs. Perfect condition.
$129.00 Beautiful large walnut suite (cost new $476), buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and 6 chair», upholstered seats and hacks in red mohair. Perfect condition. $19.50 Bedroom suite, large, walnut finish dresser, full size steel bed In walnut finish complete with new mattress and reconditioned sagless spring.
$39.00 Smart walhut finish bedroom suite, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$69.00 Floor sample bedroom
In bleached walnut finish with round Venetian mirror and waterfall front, dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed, saglcss spring and new roll-edge mattress.
Large assortment of rugs, stoves, kitchen cabinets, wardrobes sera at ridiculously low price-'.
All trade in furniture carefulIV reconditioned, guaranteed absolutely clean, and sold with our positive money-back guarantee of sat'sf lion.
must be convincing
Q. When two men and two girls are eating in a public place, at a 11 table, how should they be
BABY CHICKS
placed?
A. The girls should be opposite each other.
XND OF THE SEASON ROCK BOTtom prices for Top Notch Chicks all from bloodtested breeders. Standard Quality White Leghorns 16.96, 90 per cent. Pullets $11.90, Cockerels $1.00, Barred Rocks. New Hamps $6.45. Pullets $8.96. Cockerels $5.96, White Rocks Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps. New Hamps x Barred Rocks, White Leghorns x Barred Rocks. Light Sussex x New Hamps $6.96. Pullets $9.45. Cockerels $6.26, Large Egg Quality add one cent. Older pullets six weeks to twenty weeks. Top Notch Chickerles, Guelph, Ontario.
For FREE
Q. What la a suitable tip for paging In a hotel?
JL Fifteen to twenty-five cents.
Q Doesn’t the bride and her mother make up the Invitation list for a large wedding?
A. Yee, together with the bridegroom and his mother, who as mucii right to Include their friends am the bride's family.
Q. When a man takes a girl to Snner and suggests something on to menu. Is It necessary for her ta take it?
A. It Is not necessary, but It Is gracious of her If she does.
Q. la It good taste for a woman M a church choir to wear consplews earrings?
A No.
7

:
— ¦

Barn Roofing—Granary Lining

?
o
m
*

SUPERTITE STEEL SHEETS COST levs, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited, 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia, Ontario.
I


n
i



&
y-:.-'-x

I'FIISONAI,
END-OF-THE-SEASON SALE OF Baden Government Approved chicks from bloodtested breeders. Standard Quality White Leghorns $6.96. 90 per cent. Pullets $18.90. Cockerels $1.00. Barred Rock*, New Hamps $7.45, Pullets $10.85, Cockerels Barred Rocks $6.25, New Hamps $5.95. White Rocks. Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps. New Hamps x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x New Hamps. White leghorns x Barred Rocks $7.95, Pullets $11.35, Cockerels $6.25.
Bag Quality hatched from 25 to 30 ounce egers add one cent. Day old Bronze Turkeys 28 cents, two week old add five cents, three week old add ten cents. Older pullets four weeks to twenty weeks. Free catalogue. Baden Electric «’hick Hatchery, Limited. Baden, Ontario.
MÎ*



9LÆm

quit TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY.
Home remedy. Guaranteed. Advice
«8

Inexpensively Testimonials, free. Bartlett's Box 1. Winnipeg



FERTILIZER
PURE, UNLEACHED HARDWOOD Ashes for Fertilizer. One Thousand ton. FREE CIRCULAR. Geo. Stevens, Peterborough, Ontario.


Big
PATRIOTIC ENVELOPES

HOTTEST ITEM IN NATION! SEN-national. Patriotic Envelopes. Red, White. Blue, Union Jack, 25c for 26, $1.00 for 125, $1.75 for 260, $3.75 for 500. Thousand with your name, $6.00. Postpaid wanted. Every loyal pact. Samples 5 cents.
LACK. 156 Yonge. Toronto
Greenland Seeks Canadian Trade
Agents citizen a pros-RETAL-
EBAY SUMMER CHICKS, for breeds available.
«hicks to order. Started pullets, « ockf rel* later. Order well in advance. Turkeys too. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N„ Hamilton.
WRITE
August

Jfrke Brun, Danish Governor, of Greenland, arrived In Boston, Màw, early In July for the an-aonnued purpose of arranging more between Greenland and the Wiled States. After completing Bftftottailons in Washington, Governor Brun was said to be coming #0 Canada for the same purpose.
Her commerce seriously affected fey the war, Greenland hopee to sell Bar products to Canada and the "United States and to purchase supplies, he said.
i
G5A/y/Wji


PHOTO FINISHING


DONT MISS THESE HIGH QUA! ity chick bargains White Leghorns $6.95, 90 per rent. Pullet* $14.40. Cockerels $1.25. Barred Pork*. New Hamps $7.45. Pullets $11.45. Cockerels Barred Rock* $6.45. New Hamps $5.95. 13 other breeds to choose from, start. • «1 chick», two week old Barred Bock*, New Hamos. White Rocks $10.45, Pullets $14.45. Cockerels $8.95, Leghorn Pullets $17.40. Three week old add three rents. Turkeys 29 cents, two week old 34 cents. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
FREE! You Can Now Own
ces
Grade "A

U Keck*»*»
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlarge, ment in easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J, Toronto.
X
the
ftp.
*o tint to
osition
thut ever*
to P*>
e
want
ro.k. >»"
- rr..~
ChamP,on ielU«tl
tire »n
.ensat'on*
price*
onlv
,h« b.- f
put a»1*1
today-
Vie can
\
pireatone
to the
matter
No
he ha* B
In addition
three
because
oeoreat
oen
Firc*tooe p,reston* *
eoal P*'
lower
jres-
other i pt'tcee' tir,»i but on
puree-
tire,
Not
be ha#
b-bottom
à
at roc
FVRNITUHK F OH SALK
pirewtone tires
i cost no
.mile tbe> *"
(FEMALE FAIN)
¦ Women who suffer painful, Irregu- I [I Ur periods with nervous, moody I |
M spells due to functional cause
should find Lydia E. Plnkham's I I (I Vegetable Comnound aitnpfv mnr- J	j m.
. ¦ mous to relieve ftich dlltreifi. 1	(#0
Plnkham's Compound la made 1 especially to help weak, tired women to go smiling thru difficult days.
Over 1,000,000 women have reported |	|	•
aumetng benefits. WELL WORTH I I	EL > v
^TRYING»	J
0,ilZU' r
the «•»'***
pow
own
to
than
Ht «b«
can
FURNITURE BARGAINS — FREE catalogue of new and used furniture bargain* sent on request. All gwfcfl*	?3 on money-back guar-
antee. Wholesale Furniture. Dept, K., 466 Bathurst St.. Toronto.
more
Dcelef
pi rest®^
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St.
are by
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Toronto

!


A friend tried to stump Mailman “Happy" Roland of York, Pa., by sending a letter
MEDICAL
Used
New
TO
A Lie SUFFERERS FROM SCIA-pa. Lumbago. Neuritis, and other forms of rheumatism. G * H Rheumatic Remedy will give quick and sure relief. Satisfaction guaranteed s«nt prepaid on receipt of $1.
n / h i,ii
Ontario.
R£HMt
Sl*K<*l A I.IZI N<5 IN REBUILT NO-'.TORS, ROW UK-UNITS. Hydraulic Haleta. Wl
>1n* lie toe,
tic
Me*, Generator».
» set twtjw
Radiator*
Service,
j
Bickering
GI
Sail» foe I low Levy 4u<u l'ai I», Dept. J., Toronto.
ISSUE 30—’40
I <*> r 1 # « m

/
###PAGE###4###
in operation, whereas the original plan had visioned these developments over a two-year period. This has been accom-1940 plished despite the shortage in airplanes which occurred when Great Britain was obliged to stop the Sow of machines to Canada, as had been originally planned.
THE EQUITY
Horigins Garage
FEEDS
SHAWYILLE, AUG. 1,
Rktiouü Registration
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Unadfîo *peopîe - »i* tb% Logged-Off Timber Land
____female, over the age of 16 — May Soon Be Reclaimed
¦a»!»-
mm§
‘Te^we m at war. Registration nudedtihahavebrought recurrent
,ou
H. D. Howell, experimental supervisor near Aktoria, Ore., forecast a __	westward movement of the live
A	£2 rl'^S6 wTd55£ ”S Cemetery Donations
Acknowledged
all imports except from Empire aD1Ce	Dr. Alf. McRae, Ottawa 
countries.	”	W. Caldwell, Ottawa.
3—Major General H. G. D. Crerar	Mrs. E. J. Titus, Lake Wood,
was appointed Chief of the General Higher Temperatures	n. J....
Staff in succession to Major-General T.	Exist in Stratosphere Clarendon W. I..
mi sü! nr
a# ## ü-
These bonds are designed as a cootribu-	flndingg were made possible Eat. Mm. Gea «odgina b,
tioo to war effort - *	by a new type of meteor speed-	Mr* W. Ü. McUt-ary
6—Under authority of the War Q'eter ^ use at Harvard for two | Lawson Corrigan .
Measures Act, the Dominnn Govern	K offered an entirely new Austin McDowell......
ment placed all explosives in Canada ' ch the most reliable yet Wesley Hodgins .
tîû£'.dh.„.aim..,,	sa PrT€-
of Munitions and Supply announced im- .	Mrs. J. D Hodgins..............
mediate construction of twelve more ' laymen and many scientists Thoa Eades ...
plants costing approximately $19,000,- telieved the stratosphere was a cold Mrs. Walter Findlay.
000 which will manufacture munitions	s of thinning air extending Jas Caldwell...................
of various types. This brings capital boye	six miles of climate G. H. McDowell, Ottawa ..
expenditure committments, during ten b din- troposphere next to the Geo. T. Dagg and Arthur . days, to a total of $30,000,000.	earth said Whipple. Balloon tern- Mrs Lewis Hodgins.
8—	Plant expansion under way in . ^^atures gave no evidence that the R E. McRae... • ;
Canada and financed in whole or in part ^mperature of the stratosphere Plate collection at Memorial
by the British and Canadian Govern- was anything but icy cold and uni-	Service.
ments amounts approximately to 8*0,- form at afcout 55 degrees below 000,000 involving some fifty or more centigrade. firms. Estimated pioduction from these Through measurements of 19 plants will run to well over $400,000,000 teors flashing through the skies,
annually.	. .	. Whipple found that from a height
9—	Total orders for shells and for the of 2Q miles in ^e stratosphere there
creation of shell manufacturing facilities .g a rjse ,n temperature from 55 in Canada now amount approximate- bejow zero centigrade to about 100
ly $57,000,000.	degrees at a height of 38 miles. At
10—	Six French engineers, headed by 5Q miIeg it decreases to about 90
Colonel A. Lhomme. have placed them degrees below zero centigrade, then selves and their services at the disposal ^creases to about 20 degrees centi-of the Department of Munitions and -rade at 70 miles Supply
11—	Five more Hying schools were Integrated in the rapidly expanding
British Commonwealth Air Training Scheme,
12—	Miss Elizabeth E. Smellie, C. B ppointed Matron-in-Chief of
the Permanent Force, Royal Army Medical Corps Nursing Service, C. A. S F., in Canada. Miss Smellie was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.
Chevrolet,
Sales
Os An army of male or
$1.20 per cwt.
Ajax Moulee
«
«
1.60
ci
ci
185
ci
Middlings Feed Flour
il
1.90
Cl
CI
2.25
ci
Pig Starter
Used (Bars
CI
cr
200
and Trucks
il
3.50
il
\
A Choice Lot to Choose From
We are prepared to gi^ substantial discounts in costs of half-ton lots or over on any of the above feeds.
One—1938—Chevrolet Coach Two—1938—Chevrolet Sedans
One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934-Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC’D.
Insects, Diseases in Vegetable Gardens
J. L. HODGINS
$ 32 00
Previously acknowledged Mrs. Samuel Sinclair ..
I 00
Phone 64 J.
Successful control of garden pests is linked in a definite way with good farming practice
ditions, cultural practice may be just as important as the application of insecticides or fungicides and the use of other methods of artificial control. By good farming practice, states the War Time Production Series Bulletin of the Agricultural Supplies Board on the “control of Insects and Diseases in Vegetable Gardens," is meant such activities as garden sanitation, which includes the collection and destruction of crop remnants at the time the edible portions harvested and the cleaning up of the debris in autumn of early spring, as well as the burning over of waste land and weed patches in the vicinity of gardens, where many insects and disease-producing organisms spend the winter in a variety of stages: the careful selection of plants . and seeds ; crop rotation ; and the careful cultivation of the soil prior to and following seedling and transplanting.
Details about insects attacking vegetables and the disease of vegetables and their control are given in this special
HUBS
Ottawa, for information on insects, oi to the Division of Botany and Plant Pathology, Sience Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, for information on plant diseases.
i oq
8 00
Under many con
(TOO
5 00
on
2 00
5 00
ESTABLISHED 1888
10 00
2 OO
2 00
COACH
INVALID
2 00
1 00
5 00
GEORGE HYNES St SON
1 00
1 00
are
2 00
Directors of Funeral Service
o
1 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
Shawville,Que.
to 00
Phone 80
2 00
oo
8 00
2 00
moat cases. Exporta of live cattle to the United States were lower in the first months of 1940 than in the corres-
2 00
No Trespassing:
Any person or persons found hunting, fishing, trapping or trespassing in any manner on the following Lots of land situated on Grand Calumet Island in the County of Pontiac
Nos. 20, Range 5 ; part 4 and 5k Range 7 ; 30, 31, 32, Range 8; half 16, Range 9, and 25 and 26 North Range.
Parties found doing so will be dealth with as the law directs.
P.y order.
./AS. A. CARSWELL & SON,
Owners.
2 00
2 00
six
5 00
2 00
2 00
5 00
2 00
2 00
1 00
45 62
Dairy Products for U K
me-
*Electroform* Molds
Make Exact Replicas
Iron molds made by a newly developed “electroforming
being used to reproduce with great fidelity such delicate objects human hands, leaves and phonograph records. Patterns with 7,400 tiny lines to the inch have been reproduced in this electro-deposited iron.
*
betrayer, that it was a self-imposed tires.
penance. But no one knows. And mystery lovers go to Ste. Marguerite to wander through the apartments of the strange figure and ponder
his fate.
Exports of Canadian bacon and lmms to the United Kingdom during the first five monts of 1940 amounted to 140.7 million pounds as compared with 70 9 million pounds f r the corresponding period of 1939. Exports during May 1940, were slightly more than the ! 5.600,000 pounds weekly quota of the
Marketings
1
process
Public Notice

are
Produce Exports Increase
as
Province of Quebec Municipality of the Village of Shawville
Public Notick is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the revised valuation roll made by order of the Council of the municipality is deposited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice, during which time any ratepayer interested, may, in w riting, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration at a regular meeting ot the council to he held on September 3rd, 1940, at 8.00 p.m , at the usual meeting place of the council.
Given at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of July, 1940.
H. C. ROWAT,
Sec.-Treas.
Expoits of Canadian agricultural pro British Bacon Agreement ducts to countries other than Europe, to about the end of Jnne, 1940, have mainly the United States, the West been more than adequate to meet both
Indies, Cential and South America, ' domestic and export demand and stocks
have recently been well maintained in have been accumulating in Canada.
E.,
was a
was
Warm Weather Features

Sport Shirts—White, blue, fawn .......
With The Forces
am
$1.00
The department of National Defence has announced that employees throughout Canada who goto Non-Permanent Active Militia Camps or to training centres with the Reserve Militia, will be paid the regular rates for militia service.
The rate is based on $ 1 20 per day for a private soldier. There is no obligation for employers to pay employees during their absence for training. Some employers are doing so, but this generosity is entirely voluntary,
Officers and men of the Non-Permanent Active Militia, who may from time to time be authorized by the Minister of National Defence to carry out administrative and instructional duties, will	Sunny United States
be placed on active service by His	The United States is a land of
Excellency the Governor-in-Council and abundant sunshine and its record as shall have status as members of the the “sunny clime" is exceeded only Ç.AS.F.	by a few smaller districts, accord-
James F. Duncan, who was named ing to the Better Vision institute. Deputy Minister for Air for a three- Most of the United States receives month period in April, has agreed to j an average of more than 60 per star at bis post for another three cent of the maximum possible sun-months longer if necessary.	Mr light. In Great Britain, the average
Duncan has teamed with Honourable sunlight even in summer is less than
•C. G. Power, Minister of National 50 hours per week, and m wmt. r it Defence for Air, in speeding up the averages less than 10 hours. In Empire Training Plan. He has seen New Mexico annual sunshine av-•weeping developments in the Royal «rages about 3,250 hours or about Canadian Air Force. All school* in 500 hours more than the 2,750 in connection with the Empire Plan and the brightest section of sunny espected to be completed Ibis year are Spain.

ac-
\
Summer Ties, Braces, Shirts and Shorts SO: eich

7).
Anklets—White and Fancy Stripes, 25 to 59 cts
Wilson’s Garage
•Illuminated’ Plastic Heels
Women are trying out shoes with “illuminated” plastic heels. This is j accomplished by a new hollow heel creation—the idea of two St. Louis inventors—which may be either transparent or opaque. When clear and glittering in jewel tones the heels look as if they were illuminât-ed from within. They come m a variety of gay colors. Show producers have already pounced on the new footgear for use by dancing choruses—wiring the hollow core with lights to give the effect of educated fireflies. Stylists along shoe row here predict a fairly bright future | for the plastic heel. They say it is | particularly suitable for evening shoes. From the practical standpoint, however, it la supposed to take some of the shock out of walk-
t
The Same Reliable Service
$1.95
Outing Trousers—Preshrunk, light colors,
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Bathing Trunks—Royal, maroon and black Sizes 30 to 40, high quality..
Ford Service
$1.50
• • •
Shell Sealed Cas 4 Oils
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
J.P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
phone 40
i
ng
###PAGE###5###
materialistic and warlike state. It will be a peace which will re-establish liberty and re-affirm the rights of men»
“It will be a peace under which men and women can speak the truth in their hearts and live their lives without fear ; a peace in which labour will have dignity, religion will have freedom, and little children will have security.
The nations of the British Commonwealth have no doubt had many failings, but they have loved and honoured justice and mercy. Today they do not fight for power, they do not fight for the preservation of any form of government they fight the battle of mankind. The battle ground has moved to the very home of freedom itself.
There now the great qualities of the people of the British Isles shine more brightly than ever. The invasion of the sanctuaries of all free men, Their invader is our invader.
Canadians-are prouder than ever to share with the men and women of Britain the rigors of the conflict, and to stand shoulder to shoulder with them in defence of social justice and of human liberty.
I am sure the House will welcome the declaration made by the Prime Minister, “commented Honourable R. B. Hanson, Conservative leader.
Service Announcement
HAWVILL3 ÜNITRD CHURCH
Rkv A. F. Yokes B A., B.D. PAator
Sunday, August 4
11.00 a. nu.—Service at Shawville
1 30 p m.—Service at Zion 3.00 p.m. Service at Stark’s Corners The evening service is withdrawn at Shawville
Cards of Thanks
The Equity
We desire, through the medium of The Equity, to express our sincere thanks to many friends and neighbours for their kindness, words of sympathy and the beautiful floral tributes received during the illness and death of our beloved husband and father.
Mas. J no. A. A RM STRONG
and Family
Boot and Shoe
Department
lltaklllhti I8«a
FgBLMKHD BVBBT THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUBBBC
annual subscription
Anywhere in Oenads To United States...
All arrears must be paid In fall before any paper la discontinued
W. O.OOWAN, PUBLISHER
r '
Clearing lines of odds and ends in White Sandals, Oxfords and Pumps, odd sizes. -your size is here a real bargain at.$1 98
Dr. McCanns Security Arch.
Odd sizes only. Worth $6.00
Odd Lines and Odd Sizes of Black Oxfords and
Pumps, sizes 84 to 7, clearing at $1.49
$1.50
• e
2.00
If
Hitler1» Paste»
Bristol United Church
Rgv. C. Armstrono-Salws, B. D.
St. Andrew's United Church, Bristol Anniversary Services, Sunday, August 4th, at 11.00 a m. and 7.30 p m. Preacher : Rev. D. L. Ritchie D. D. of
Montreal.
Monday, August 5th
Anniversary Supper ftom $.30 pm Adults, 35 cents ; Children, 35 cents
ANGLICAN Sunday, August 4 St. Paul’s
11.00	a.m.—Morning Prayer
7.30	p.m.—Evening Prayer
,	>*. St- Luke’s
2.30	p.m.—Evening Prayey
Holy Trinity
10.00	a m —Sunday School
Services Withdrawn Mr A C. Lawrence, of Ottawa, will conduct the services on Sunday
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, August 4
Greermount, Evening Prayer 2.30 Preacher, Rev. Donald Andrews
Addressing the House of Commons, Prime Minister King described Hitler's speech before the Reichstag as abounding in the historical falsehood*- which have characterized his utterances since the outbreak of war, .His words have been a succession of promises made and
His works have
$1.98
Pulpwood Wanted
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, FX>,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by tracks Phone or write,
j.;m. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.

of promises broken been cruelty, rapine, bloodshed and violence."
speech called for no words in It. answered itself. The peace
The
reply
that would finally come to the world would not be that “false Nazi peace where men move amid the hushed suspense of fear in the presence of the spy, the gangster and the Gestapo. Above all, it will never be a peace based on a conception of subordination of individual personality to the control of a

Those 76
DRY GOODS DEPARTMENT
Ladies' Fancy Belts, narrow
designs..........•••—
Mens Fancy Neckties, clearing at

white and colored
Farm For Sale
FHty scree on Lot No. 6 c, Range », 4 end 100 aciWVA LôfTVb. 6 s. Range *
in the Township of Clarendon. Fa well improved with buildings.
Apply to
MRS. WM. E. HODOINS,
Y arm, Quebec.
15c
10,
airly
///////
///////
///////? / / / // %/ // // / //////
/////// >/
C4
25c
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
Womens Silk Hosiery, Rayon
25c, 29c and 35c
i
#
12c
Cottage Curtain Material, White ...
Cream...
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
.... 15c
14
II
ii
Many Old friends Attend Funeral of Alex N. Wilson
Fancy Printed Broadcloths, per yard
20c to 30c
The fanerai" of Mr. Alexander Norval Wilson was held on Friday afternoon from the home of his neice, Mrs. Harold Hodgina, to Shawville United Church, and was attended by many relatives and old acquaintances.
Service was conducted at the United church, by che Pastor, Rev. A. F. Fake*, who delivered an impressive funeral address from the texts John 9:13 and Rev. 0:2. During the service Miss Kathleen Woodley rendered as a special selection, “Abide With Me”.
Interment was made in the village cemetery, the pa il-bearers being, Messrs. Leonard Belsher, Arthur Ki gour, George T. Dagg, Harry Belsher, Arthur Caldwell and Win T. McDowell.
Mr. Wilson died at the home of his son-in law and step-daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Hilburn Armstrong, in Vancouver, 1B.C., on Sunday, July 21st, and they accompanied the remains here arriving at Bristol C.N.R. station, Friday morning.
Wilson was born in Claren don 89 years ago, the son of Mr. David Wilson and bis wife Jessie Kilgour, and spent his early on a farm in tZion section. La he conducted a grocery "tore in Shawville and for a time operated lumber mills in partnership with Mr. H. T. Argue at various points
in the county, married, the first wife who died over 40 years ago was Sarah Jane Belsher. and his second wife, the former Jane Francis Dagg, widow of the late John Belsher, predeceased him by 7 years
He is survived by one son, Man son Wilson, of Burnaby, B.U.; one sister, Mrs Lewis Hod gins, of Shawville, and several step.chilli i en.
Small and medium 3ÔC
Boys’ Polo Shirts,




Phone 27
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
æuzZ
<
25c
National Soap Flakes, 3 pounds.......
Our Special Grind Coffee, per pound
Newport Fluffs with Tumbler..........
Clark’s Pork & Beans large size 2 cans for 25c
Mixed Biscuits, 2 pounds for........
Bulk Peanut Butter, 2 pounds for..
Habitant Pea Soup...................
Heinz Catsup, large size............
small size, 2 for..
(1
39c
Quebec
Shawville,
25c
29c
29c
He
DALE’S TINSHOP
17c
25c
a
<<
• e e
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
DAILY SPECIALS
For the past two weeks a different article every day has been prominently displayed at special reduced price. It has proved so popular that we are continuing it as a permanent practice.
Among the daily specials for the next two
weeks, watch for the following :
Mr
life
ter

a
P-U-M-P-S

He was twice
»

We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. Call in and see this stock and save money.
/
1 *
I
• IS
Regular Special
15
*
18c
Clover Leaf Salmon, pink tails Golden Bantam Corn,
Mixed Pickles, large jar Oranges, per dozen Wheat Flakes............
>
2 for 25c	2 for 21c
3
3
y
3
23c
25c
rm
?
*
24c
27c
Tenders Wanted
LESLIE DALE
w
1
23c
25c
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to August 3rd, 1940, for Caretakers for the Rural Schools, and also for the Shawville High School.
JOHN A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treas.
Quebec
Shawville,

*
9
A
»

MH5JE5J^'E5J5MEEJ5J5J5J5JBaiM5J5I5IBiaiB/5fZ9tei'
7
*
brnk
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
E
w
JVUL
f f f f (*r «ir f f e
# I
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
guttapercha
ÎwTstawbIbd OtJjUAUO
I I
Call your nearest grocer
CARLING BREWERIES LIMITED
MONTREAL
Look Here
asst
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc’.
SPECIALS
A.G. F.A.
Roy G. Fraser
Gifts; Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160
o
FOR S VLK—About sixty Red Hampshire Pullets, ready to lay. Apply to Jas. Tracy, Caldwell, P.O. Phone 11- 29
•it-
Flowers,
Coffee, London House, glass jar 57c
Salad Dressing. 3-ttvMoz. 40c
w " 25c
................. s " 17c
Wheat Midlings pw beg $1.75 Mow lee Provender,
5 bag lots........
Libby’s PoX & Beans a can» 27c K Hovali Jelly leaker pw As- 15c Certo, per bottle...
Parawax, 2 lbs.......
Serviettes, «**• *¦ oolored 15c Wax Paper, per pkg
Coffee, fresh ground, pw ». 39c
FILMS
v
HAY ON SHARBS—Sixty-five acres of hay to give out on favourable ternis. Apply to Thb Equity, Shawville.
a
' ^
Box 886
I
77
30c


ALL SIZES
FOR SALE—Pair of well • matched Percheron Colts, one and two years old mare and gelding. Will take cattle li exchange. Apply to Wm. Howard. Yarni. Que. Phone, 14-3.

y ' m
Cl A U L
25c
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
\
/V
GUARANTEED

A
}
15c
•1.35

Binder with U Will «ell
FOR SALE—One~Deerinp E sheaf carrier in good condition
to M. B. Drummond. R.R
A y
/.
/
e
SI.25
sASSiiï
A
cheap
No. 3.
:/
>
/y


THE CORNER STORE

i>
SEPARATOR FOR
THRESHING! I	I	¦
SALE — Used International Harvester Grain Separator, 22 inch cylinder. 35 inch body, high bagger, strong blower, com paratively new self feeder. Price $300 V half cash, half terms. Apply to Ottawa Vallot Grain Products. Renfrew.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
GUTTAPERCHA
TIRES
Pham# anytime between 7mm
nnd 11 p urn
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE.
- QUE.
Ont
###PAGE###6###




ft
Soldiers’ Welfare Room Operating In Barrie, Ont.
For Better Desserts
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
German Offensive Draws Nearer; Canadians Prepare
To Register
I
I

MMf


Corn Starch
UUe needed by China In her war aghast Japanese agression; and to prohibit the transport of arms into China from the British crown colony of Hong Kong. The U.S. State Department at Washington régis-» tered objection to the deal; but did nothing to help China, either.
If, aa a result of the cutting off of the Burma lifeline, the Chinese government ie forced to conclude a • peace with Japan, It Will mean that In abort order Japan will find her banda free to seize French Indochina and the Dutch East Indies.
A* home In the Land of the Rising Sun, the Cabinet of Premier Yonai resigned eh bloc, apparently to make way for a new regime all ready to fulfil Japanese army demanda for a "firm hand" policy in
the Orient Collapse of the Yonai regime was
Few people last week allowed themselves to be lulled Into a sense etf security by seeming inactivity the part of Germany. Bather, It everywhere felt that Hitler, eompletlng consolidation of his eastward position — In the Baltic, la the Balkans — was awaiting only moment, to strike at Britain.
MO
mm
into eighteen area*, and i committee appointed to plan and (lirtft gathering and storing of the wa»»e-paper, scrap metal, lead foil, .ere., collected.
SCOOTING . .



THE CHOICE FOR BRITAIN Reports circulating In Rome had # that first Italy and Germany would serve an ultimatum upon t Britain offering her the efcolce between surrender and destruction. An article In Virginie Gey*
4a'# newspaper, obviously referring to Prime Minister Churchill’s own efeech df July 14th, said that ' Britain will have to settle to her last account, choosing between submission to the renovating, restorative forces of Europe, or extremely grim sad violent JHJC.lR.Fm 4FW»	to. three major reasons :
able destruction, a fateful, préclpî- I 1. Its failure to satisfy expansion-tous step toward final overthrow, I lets who have been demanding that will be measured- not by years or [ Japan take full advantage of the weeks, of which Churchill spoke, "golden" situation created bÿ the tut by days or hours."	fall of France and Holland, both
of whom have rich colonies Ih the
The Boy Scouts, Girl Guides and Boys' Brigade, of London, Ont., are carrying out an organised district collection of used and waste material of all kinds as a co-operative war, effort. The city was divided
A Welfare Rootn for the i6e of men and women in His Majesty’s Force»-has recently been openetfon the corner of Dunlop and Mulcaster Streets in Barrie, Ontario. 1	' ' ' ' "	' * * ¦ * ' 1A 1 * * ' 4	" *
accommodation, whicS inc udes the complete ground floor of the building, has been newly decorated and equipped (and provides facilities for letter writing, meeting friends, ând for quiet rest and medi.tation. Arrangements have‘'been made, for its, cqjitjnqçt^ nr^inten-
throughout the duration of the war. ....... *
The establishing of this room by the Christian Science organization is in keeping with their general policy during the last war, when
s on this side of the
When Ivortl Baden Powell visited Toronto in 15)513, during i tour of Canada, he toltl eight Wolf Cub flag bearers that if they *v<*r came to London ha would “itynd them a real English tea." The invitation mulled in a near "belt>vo it or not" when six of the group of eight all members of the 48th Highlanders now in Eng land, called /U «the Imperial Boy Scout Headquarter* to enjoy the tea. The Chief Scout himself was absent, In Kniya, but they were entertained ou. Ills behalf by Sir Percy Ever* uty Chief Commissioner.

I
optional training (business, college and technical high school), (c) College or university degree?
11.	Ia your general health (a) good? (b) Fair? (c) Bad?
12.	If pjind, deaf, , dumb, crippled or otherwise physically disabled, state nature of disability. If permanently disabled, are you in receipt df a pension? In respect of war service? Workmen’s Compensation? Old age or blind? Other? ,.
OCCUPATION
13.	Clasa of occupation: (a) Are yçu gn employer . of labor other than domestic? If so,state business, (b) Are you working on your own account, but not employing labor? If so, state business, (c) Are you an employee? (1) Working at usual .occupation. (2) Working at other than usual occupation. (3) unemployed. (d) Others not working because pensioners, dependents, retired, independent means.
14.	Occupation or craft (answer
giving years of experience):	(ai
Present occupation? (b) What ..Is your regular occupation? (c) What other work can you do well? (d) jf an employee, who is your present employer? Name, address, nature of business, where employed? (<) If experienced in a skilled Indies trial occupation or profession, describe specifically the type of wojjk in which you are specially equipped by training or experience.	$
15.	Unemployment:	(a) How
many weeks did you work in tlk past twelve months? (bj If out Of work now, state number of weeks since, last employed ip any occupy tlon other than work performed return for direct relief (c) Are ycflii totally incapacitated for employment?	?
ance

Welfare Rooms werq established near many damp water, as well as in England, ft a nee, and elsewh


ere
1# # , v. . ;N *
ive militia or as draftees into th}e
aame organization . . . The calling up of further age classes for trailing was expected as soon as thàe Defence Department was ready fdr them
Questionnaire For Canadians 1
a l>p-
To Be Answered toy Everybody In Dominion Over f0, During National Registration
Divided into 18
Cheeley, Out,, W coûta ing potatoes on n plot >t ground plaoêd at their disposal by t friend of the troofi. Contribution j of sett! potatoes wort- invited to '.i inch the project.
Niagara Peninsula Boy Seoul a co-operated with the R*d Croat branches of the area In jtlié opening and opération of a "White Elephant” store in fit Catherines. Collections were made of uh 1 furniture, bric-a-brac, garden tools, lawn mowers, etc. Bioken furn "ire was accepted provided the broken parle were available. Scoot hi*i« were made district collection clitres.
o grew-
THE PUSH SOUTH A cabled dispatch from Helen Kirkpatrick, Chicago News’ correspondent in London, reported indi-tione last week were that German forces might go southward Ottfcer before or simultaneously With their expected attack on Great Britain
Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar and the Ancres. (Military experts regard Gibraltar and the Azores among the primary German objectives, #s potto of these can control and dominate some of the world’s most important trade routes).
BRITAIN: Stormy receptions In the British House met these an-
that Great Britain
4
Far East.
2.	Desire for closer alignment with Germany and Italy. This was considered impossible so long as Premier Yonai and his Foreign Minister, Hachiro Arita, remained in office.
3.	Dissatisfaction with the Yonai regime since its inception, on the ground of its "excessive
C
QUESTIONNAIRE
Every man and woman In the Dominion over the age of 1$ (except cloistered nuns, men already 16 the army, Inmates of insane asylums) learned last week that between the dates August 19th anj! 23rd, they would haVè to ahswér a questionnaire, for national registration purposes, giving full details with regard to age, education, occupation, qualifications for service.
The business off national registration—a tremendous undertaking — Is being looked after by. the newly* created War Services- Department under Hon. J. G. Gardiner, former Minister of Agriculture. The Department will place the results of the registration and survey at the disposal of the government; promote, organize and co-ordinate different forms of voluntary assistance with a view to the most effective use of personal services or material contributions for war or other purposes; co-ordinate existing public information services of the government; make arrangements regarding refugees or other persons brought to Canada by reason of the war; take over the powers or duties of any other government departments, should the occasion be deemed necessary.
:
Week
Part»
6
The National Wlar Services Department has made public the Questionnaire for national registration to be answered by all Canadian resident* of 16 and over.
It contains eighteen questions to be answered by men. Women must answer the first fifteen questions directed to the men and an additional four special questions.
The joint fifteen questions fol-
thek- objectives being
liberal
Ism
SYRIA’S THE KEY NEAR EAST: Events moved toward a showdown in the Near East. Beneath an outward calm, forces brewing last week in Syria,
were
which may change the entire face of that part of the world. In a dispatch from Cairo, New York Times’ correspondent Joseph Levy wrôte: "It Is generally agreed that Syria today to the key to the situation in tho Near East. Whatever happens in Syria, whether political or military, will affect all other Arab lands. Now that France has collapsed, Arab nationalist aims, political* ànîbitionl*, and the long^ream-ed-of federation of the Arab States have sprung to sudden rebirth. It to wftli the help of Britain, that the Arabs now expect to attain their mime. They want to see quick British action, action which would give the Syrians immediate moral and material support in their effort to become Independent.”
low
1.	Surname. Given names.
2.	Permanent postal address (if away from usual residence when filling in card give name of usual
residence).	. ;
3.	Age last birthday. Date of
birth.
4.	Conjugal condition — single, married, widowed, divorced.
6. Of what dependents (if any) are you the sole support: (a) father, (b) mother, (c) wife; td) number of children under 1C years, (c) number of other depen cuts, (f) do contribute partial support to
noun cements (kmd formally acceded to Japan s Squeet to close the Burma road lifeline of the central Chinese gov-eg»ment; ' that a bljl dispensing wttQ trial by jury and the right of appeal In wartime Britain was being pushed by the Home Secretary; that the government scheme to ovacua-te children to JLbe. Western hemisphere had been postponed.
Prime Minister Churchill in his Sunday address declared .jttoat the Brlitoh would rat&er see London latd in ruins than Hitler victorious. Germans who enter Britain will get gbort shrift, the Premier said, and ehould the Invader come, there will i># no lying down to him as In other
Convalescents, Do Gardening

i
Plant Steels In Sa-: vis and Cultivate Potted P lits and Keep Happy

Wljat "grHMj growing tU ngs do to create happy Jiours valid.told jtf a jotter t Yorft.Sun. (join Mrs. X>îinda I.
f the

1* an .rill e Nt w
you any one?
6.	Country of birth of: (a) Yourself; place, (b) Your father, place, (c) Your mother, place.
7.	Nationality or country of allegiance: British subject (a) by birth, (b) by naturalization? (c) Foreign citizen? (d) if naturalized, In what year? (e) In what place? (f) If not British subject, to what country do you owe allegiance? (g) If an immigrant, in what year did you enter Canada?
8.	Racial origin.
9.	Language or languages: (a).Do you speak English? (b) French?' (c) What other language can you speak or read and write?
Manchester, foimei mem faculty of Teachers’ Coll-? 4 * During a recent convalescence in 1 Ma*sa-diusfetts sanitarium Mrs. Manchester!» discovered n new ani in‘gi;form of occupational t'. imp y In plahting seeds In differen and cultivating potted prints
"I learned from experts o, ’ she writpp, Vthat the oid say busy,(to keep happy ' a good doctor’s prescription I put jv&pefrjlt seeds, chick j(as, white »nd red beans on wet cotton batti in cers and covered them. In hours, sprouts appeared, and af" v a fvw days of exposuie to eith- elect nr. or sun light, keeping th>in very wet, they developed and grew to several inches. On ordln • y sponges, 1 germinated wheat si<*ls and produced seedlings ready tor setting in soil. 1 even had 1 'lavn’ growing on a fiat, wet spmge that was bright and green an1 clipped twice.
PUT THEM ON CLASS '•HELP
"One peck of potting a »1, a few waterproof paper pots, soon bright red and green dishes and coastH‘s furnished color and recep idea for propagating and planting 1 cheap enamel coffee maker servi as v\j.t erlng pot. When the window «111 and dresser became crowded. «-11

%
FOR MEN ONLY	»
Following are questions to be a ft-swered by men only:
16.	(al) Were you brought up oh a farm? ta2) Until what age? (bi) Have you worked 6n a farm? (b$) How long? (b3) In what Province or country? (cl) Can you handle horses? (c2) Drive a tractor? (c3) Use farm machinery? (c4) Can you milk? (c5) Are you able to do other farm work?
17.	Is there any particular occupation In which you would like to be specially trained?
38. Defense services:
(1)	Have you previously served in any naval, military, or air forces? If so, state: (a) Forces of what country? (b) Approximate dates between which services performed? (c) Unit? (d) Rank held?
(2)	If retired or discharged, give reasons therefor.
(3)	Have you been rejected for military service in the present war?
(a)	Why? (b) Where?
FOR WOMEN ONLY
Following questions are to be answered by women only: .
16.	State length of experience (in years) if any in: (a) general farming? (b) Truck fanning? (c) Fruit farming? (d) Poultry farming? (e) Dairy farming? (f) business establishments?
17.	Can you (a) handle horses?
(b)	Drive motor trucks? (c) Drive an automobile? (d) Drive a tractor? (e) Use farm machiery? (f) Milk cows? (g) Do plain cooking?
18.	Indicate here any qualifications or practical experience that you possess, not already described.
19.	Do your circumstances permit you to serve in the present national crisis, by changing your present occupation to some other for which you are qualified? (a) Where you can return home daily? (b) Away from home?
I
JOB INSURANCE
Canadians earning less than $2,000 a year (4,660,000 people In the Dominion are affected) will participate in the contributory unemployment insurance scheme which came before the House of Commons last week. By 1941 It is expected the program will cover 2,100,000 wage-earners In all types of Industries and other work. Employee* — divided Into seven classes — will contribute from 12 to 36 cents a week; the employers’ contribution ranges from 21 cents to 27 cents, according to the wage group. The government adds a grant of one-fifth of the total contributions of employers and employees, and pays the cost of administration. Benefits for single persons range from $4.08 to $10.20 a week; those for wage-earners with dependants from $4.80 to $14.40 a week. To qualify for the benefits, a worker must have paid 30 weekly contributions or 180 days. Payment of benefits begins nfhe days after unemployment.
The Ontario government’s new policy of reducing relief rolls was seen last week as putting the screws on first, the municipalities; second, Individuals in the province. The municipalities were asked to strike off relief every person who could be classed as "employable”; the "employable" in each case being forced to take any job offered him, no matter how miserable the wages, or how ill-fitted for the work he happened to be. The fact that scores of the "employables” army rejection slips appeared to matter not a wbiL
EMPTY ARMS
The country was full of disappointed homes, potential foster-parents with empty arms, after the word came through last week that
a
tl inula t
countries
NO, 1 GUESSING GAME -UNITED STATES: One of the biggest guessing games in all history was In progress last week at the Democratic national convention In Chicago, while.tbe delegates (and the candidate) waited, feeling more and more frustrated, for President Roosevelt to come out with bk intentions. For engineered eus-there had perhaps never
_ "A LONG WAR” .
A Russian writer, estimating Bri-4aln^# chances in the coming struggle with Germany, said last week: wlf Britain is really determined to fight to a victorious end, then, re lying upon her geographical position, the tremendous power of her ?el forces and exceptionally powerful financial and economic re-of the British metropolis,
w.iye
U
1
i
pense
been anything like it.
The week before the convention
had been eventful. President Roosevelt, declaring that the United States must prepare for "total defense” asked Congress for $4,848.181,967 additional for the army and navy and proclaimed this twofold policy: "We will not send our men to take part in European wars” . . . "But we will repel aggression against the United States or the Western hemisphere lay, which brought the session’s appropriations for the armed forc-to $10,100,078,270, Is designed to give the United States a start on its "two-ocean” navy, a combined army navy air force of about 36,000 planes and modern weapons and equipment for a land force of 2,000,000 men.
sources
Dominions and colonies, she may maintain a long, stubborn res Is t-
The landing of armed forces on the British Isles represents, even for the powerful Ger-army, an exceptionally difficult operation. This perhaps is still the only real means by which Britain might be forced to capitulate, unites the struggle ends in some compromise. That is why the war may eootlnue for a long time and assume eempletely new forms."
During the week, while German eto raiders continued extensive at-fofki on coastal defenses of England, daring R.A.F. bombing squadrons acted more vigorously than in flights over Germany. They wrought great havoc upon airports, large concentrations, oil depots, nltions factories and jumplng-eff place* for enemy air forces and Invading troops.
EDUCATION
10. Education: (a) Primary only, (to) Primary and secondary, (c) Vo-
ence
the British Government had decided to postpone the evacuation of children to the Dominions and the
Declared Ontario’s Minis-
This pro-
ki
u.s
ter of Welfare Cross vince alone could absorb 60,000 British child war guests without difficulty, and arrangements could be made to boost that figure by many
The huge out
thousands."-
The First Canadian Division has a new commander. Major-General G. R. Pearke*. V.C., of Calgary, was appointed to succeed Major-General A. G. McNaughton, who had been promoted to command a new British Army Corps with the rank of Lieutenant-General.
Conservative news: Conservative House leader Hanson last week rejected the suggestion that he, along with a number of selected follow-sit In with the King Cabinet at Ottawa for discussions on the Dominion war effort. Mr. Hanson and his followers refused to become associated members of the Cabinet . . . No move has yet been made to select a new party leader for the Conservatives.
inexpensive, two-tiered g was fastened to the top o er shelf and t pots and a belter expos/, light. All tbit wan done 1 room having one window eastern ex pot: expenditure.
8 shelf he low-for toe U» tbt de one zlth %n r and at v *vy nm, II
gave ro
CANADA: A rush for marriage licensee, which amounted to a veritable stampede in Quebec province followed last week upon the announcement by federal authorities that all Canadian men married on or after July 15th would be considered as "single men" so far as military service is concerned those young men between the ages
of 21 and 24 through under the wire looked forward to undergoing military training this summer either as volunteer recruits for the non permanent act-
END OF REPUBLIC FRANCE: The end of the derno-stic Third French Republic — ^rhich rose from the ashes of the Bmgdre of Napoleon III and fell imder the Nazi conquest — was reached last week when the French Parliament approved a bill giving ibe Government of Marshal Petain fell powers a new Constitution. And France became a totalitarian State, its motto no longer "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity," but "Work, family, fatherland”.
MEDITERRANEAN Italian attacks against British possessions in the Middle East were keeping up their pressure last Seek, according to dispatche* from Cairo
¦gypt, and British Somaliland. Severe fighting took place at a num-of outposts. Above and below €be Suez, at the same time, British bombers attacked Italian army, navy and air base*, from Mediterranean Lib>a to the tip of the Red
bad
v hjjjà Cfumteeim
Y jCi Slow Burning
cigarette papers
ere
. And
who didn’t get
NC NE FlNf* MAD l
DOUBLE'
A'UTOMADIC
Threefold
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Quick Work
a
f

V
HOLY SMOktfc / AN'THE PACKIN' LIMIT 16 ONT .
O. HOUfit *
WELL, A NICKEL IS A NICKEL /IT WONT TAKE ME TV/O SECONDS TO QET IT/ r
OH, BOY/ THERE QOES MY NICKEL I DOWN IN THAT CATCH - DRAIN /
#0
against Jxenya. against





)

»
/'!
o
s
8*8
I
t
Most of the Italian fleet wa.s je-ported last week In home harbors after fleeing under rover of a smoke ecfeen following a brief engagement with British warships.
WHITHER CHINA?
FAR EAST: A Munich of the east look place. J#t week when. Britain* ftfrbèo to iefose thV Rfffmn Hoad to munitions and war mater-
;
o



0
m
*.


9
I

m
/
mSSmiminumm

k
J

A M OffK« AH right,
#
###PAGE###7###
Try Train Trip To Hudson’s Bay
7

Britain Recalls Picture Actors
T
TRY IT THE "SALADA" WAY
Wherever
yOU 9°
A
A
Infuse 6 heaping teaspoons of Salada Black Tea in a pint of fresh, boiling water After 6 minutes strain liquid into 2-quart container/ while hot, add 1 to 1 % cups of $ugei and juice of 2 lemons, strained; stir until sugar is dissolved; fill container with ccId water. Do not allow tea to cool before adding cold water or liquid will become cloud/. Serve with chipped ice. The above makes 7 tall glasses.
L
B
• # •
A Novel Summer Travel Experience Is Made Available to Canadians by Special C.N.R. Excursion

British Movie Artiste In Hollywood Between the Ages of 18 and 31 Are Being Called For Service
K
L



s
n
E

w


Canada has rolled hack the tourist map to bring within easy and comfortable travel that strange land of the Eskimo and Indian which lies “north of ‘fifty-four’ ” and this land may be visited by taking the Canadian National Railways Eighth Annual All-Inclusive Excursion Tour to Hudron Ray, according to C. W. Johnston, General Passenger Traffic Manager of the Company.
CHURCHILL AND THE PAS This tour, including rail fare, lower tourist berth and dining meals, will leave Winnipeg, Manitoba, on August 9. On arrival at Dauphin, Manitoba, in the afternoon there will be a drive to Riding Mountain National Park. The tour will then proceed to the important centres of The Pas, where about three hours will be spent during the morning of August 10. Going northwestward, a side trip will commence thj Tame morning for Flin Flon, with arrival at 1.30 p.m. Here a visit will be made to one of the most modern mining plante on the continent, the Hudson Bay Mining and Smelting Company. The evening will be occupied with social activities and a dance in the Community Hall, where visitors will get a genuine idea of “northern hcspctality.” Leaving Flin Flon early in the morning of August 11, two hours niore will be spent at The Pas and then the tour wV! be resumed to Churchill, the terminus, where arrival is made at 9 a m. on Aug
A
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
¦
Great Britain has called home Its motion picture actors between the ages of 18 and 31. Other British subjects In the Film Colony temporarily will aid their homeland In other ways.
Richard Greene said he would go to England as soon as possible. His studio had several picture assignments in view for him, with the first scheduled to start In about a month.

>
I hope many of you have obtained a copy of ‘Fcod for Health’
in peace and war, a little booklet published by the Canadian medical association. This publication is worthy of special mention and from time to time we shall endeavor to arrange menus for you based on the fundamentals of this advice. The first purpose of the book is to present in a compact and practical form what doctors and scientists have learned about food through years of study and research. Past history informs us that in times of war, tuberculosis, influenza etc., spread rapidly, claiming the lives of many, who have been weakened from the lack of the proper food.
The homemakers of the present gigantic problem before
m
S (SSS) TEA
HILLS of DESTINY
— Wrigley’s Spearmint Cum
is the favorite! Millions enjoy its long-lasting, genuine spearmint flavor. Healthful, delicious, refreshing! Get the good habit of enjoying it after every weal !
SOME ARE PAST AGE Other younger actors affected by the call included Richaid Ainley, Ifughie Green and Robert Coote. Past the age requirement are such figures as Laurence Olivier, Cary Grant, Ray Milland, Errol Flynn, Louis Hayward, Brian Aherne and Herbert Marshall.
Grant Is donating $150,000, his salary from his new film, “Philadelphia Story," to British war chai-ity. Charles Laughton for some time has earmarked i— earnings for war relief and Red Cross. Ronald Colman and others have made similar gifts.
BASIL RATHBONE'S SON A committee working under Dame May Whitty and Boris Karloff has arranged to bring to California 60 children from the British Acvtors' Orphanage in England. A special film appeal by Anna Neagle already has raised $100,000 for the Red Cross. Gracie Fields soon will head a group of British celebrities on a tour of Canada In quest of $600,000 for war relief.
Basil Rath bone, who himself won decorations In the last war, has gMot his 23-year-old son. Rodion, off to Toronto to offer his services.
by Agnes Louise Provost
car
him to-morrow •— only we don't need to . . . Get up, you polecat."
fowler swayed to him feet grog-glly. “1 wasn’t doin' nothin’,” he muttered sullenly.-
A DOUBLE GAME ‘Tve watched your double game, Ijawler, taking your wages from a woman and using your job In twenty different ways to make her so discouraged with the place that she will be glad to sell. But you're through. You’re leaving tonight.”
‘‘Say, ye think y o're the big 1k>ss around here, don't ye?” Lawler was blustering, stung to a fresh rage. “You ain’t nobody around here at all, and everybody knows it but
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood. Is troubled by signs of neglect Joey, an old prospector friend and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged by hard times. The ranch ia going to ruin and Virginia, Matt’s daughter, Is visiting the Archers, her aunt and uncle In New York But her uncle wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradish, old associate of Matt’s. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley thinks he be able to discredit Lee In Vir-


i
have a
them. By providing this necessary ha'anced food they must keep their families fit, that all may reach the highest level of health, that we may all be able to face the task that may be ours.
The protective foods of course have special mention and one of the highlights of the publication is a reminder that the Canadian farmer produces all the foods nec-
Canadian-

all of bis radio
I IF-
i
r Raj.ids. Arriving at The Pas again in the afternoon of August 14, a stop of five hours is made to visit this thriving northern ^own and environs, after which Winnipeg is reached on August 15, completing a memorable tour oI six days.
health.
esf-ary for
grown vegetables such as tomatoes, turnips, cabbage and fruits in season (apples, berries, cherries, plums, peaches, pears) can replace the more expensive imported fruits. Hence we are advised to buy fruits and vegetables in season. Meals are budgeted a. cording to adults and children and hence the families of different size and the remarkably low cost of 26 cents daily cost per person is reached. We are reminded more money cannot buy better nutrition,—it will simply buy a greater variety of more expensive foods. When there is not much money to spend for food, first on the shopping list should be milk and cheese; then potatoes and whole grain products; next raw fruits and vegetables; and lastly meat, fish and eggs.
The fourth in the group for pur; basing is cereal products. First, bread. Then in the second (cerea*) group is given the choice of rolled oats, rolled wheat, flour, ri'-e, cornmeal, macaroni, tapioca. Under the third group come the sweets and flavorings, where tea and coffee are also allowed. Lastly cod liver oil is to be given growing children and those working indoors, from October to June,—the months lacking sunshine.
you.”
"Counting on that, l^awler?” The voice was dangerously gentle. Bo maybe l haven't a technical right to fire you, but 1 can run you off this place like a scared Jack rabbit, and 1m doing It now. Move!”
Lawler gulped and glowered. His knife was gone, his gun was gone. Sullenly, he withdrew.
Hoof beats were approaching, a
cheerful voice hailed.
"Hey, Joey, everything all right?”
Joey answered the hall, and a moment later Curly clattered up to them.
“Just saw Slanty Cano ridin* away In au all-fired hurry,” he volunteered. “and 1 wondered If he'd
devilment here.
may
ginia’s eyes, and encourages Josefa Ramirez in her liking for Lee.
CHAPTER XII '
Lee was leaning back against the cabin, meditative and quiet. He'd purposely started the flow of Joey's reminiscence and had listened. Slanty Gano had boasted drunken-1y that a certain big man, would give him anything he wanted, bo-Slanty had something on
Museum Just For Children
12. •
YOUNGEST SEAPORT ON CONTINENT
At Churchill, a stop of 28 hours will be made to permit the par;y to visit the youngest seaport oil the continent; visit historic Port Prince of Wales constructed 1733-44 and other interesting: features. Social activities in the evening will include a dance picturesquely characteristic of this outpost of civilization.
Leaving Churchill at 1 p.m. on August 13, the turbulent and mighty Nelson River is crossed and here passengers get a view of the Kettle Rapids, while crossing of thi« river on the going trip affords a view of the Manitou
Norwalk Institution, Only 4 Year Old, Now Needs Larger Quarters
A COOL HOUSE FROCK
Designed for Larger Sizes
cause
him. Bradish, a man who could command the beat service that would buy, had put this

r
Alhough it opened only last year, the Norwalk (Connecticut) Children’s Museum has progressed so greatly that it already needs new quarters.
In its constantly-expanding activities, it is patterned after the original children’s museum in the world, in Brooklyn.
LINKS UP wtT6 activities
Children’s museums are distinct from children’s department* of large museums in that all of their work is strictly for children. All their exhibits are arranged with the young folk in mind, and so are their activities. Of these there must be plenty, to keep the children occupied. A sample week at the Norwalk Children'» Museum would find one group filling the school room which now houses it to work on a relief map of their own city on Monday, others studying astronomy on Tuesday, a stamp session on Wednesday, botany—only it'a called a wild-flower club—on Thursday, a variety of activities on Friday and a movie show for the children on Saturday.
3363
money
quarrelsome loafer lu charge of a ranch that he had acquired in tho name of a holding company.
Where had Slanty met this man of financial Importance, and when? What did he know or think he knew about Milton Bradish? ... If it was Milton Bradiah.
He moved a few steps out and stood again, quiet and contemplative.
SIZES 16-4.8
been up to any Didn't I see somebody breakln' for

cover?"
"Lawler." Lee answered for Joey, who confirmed it with a vigorous nod. Joey was still glowing with the joy of Lees fight. “The two of them were hanging around in the dark with their ears open. Slanty didn’t stay to be sociable. Lawler did. By the way, Curly, he's leaving the Circle V tonight. How about liavlug one of the boys see him to his train?"
Curly loosed a joyous whoop. "Shore, L-ee, I'll do it. Take him or chase him, whichever you Much obliged for handin' me the
job.”
Ve


m
ifLYv
joey looked up suddenly. There a curious stillness about Lee.
Baked or scalloped potatoes with cheese or
Creamed left-over vegetables or vegetable salad
Bread, whole wheat with butter.
Dessert Fruit in season, fresh or cooked or occasionally honey
was
It was a waiting stitlnoss, with a bint of tensing muscle» and senses
\A7
sharply alert.
"Put 'em up!”
A KNIFE GLEAMS I>*e shot forward like a released
a scrambling
\Ni
•IIe
* I*
lit
say.
spring. There was crash in the darkmtw back of the
thud and a smothered
or jam.
Tea for adults, milk for chit-
• H #11*

cabin, a
curse, the sound of grunts and of
writhing bodies.
"Oh, no, 1 wouldn't Lawler!"
A knife described a darkly gleaming arc through the air. Joey dodged it as he hurried anxiously back to see Lee kneeling on something
dark and struggling.
"What's the matter. l.ee? Did he
knife ye? I'll —
"No, Joey, just tried to . . take that gun, !>awler. I know you would hate to lose your head. Now be nice, or I'll shut your wind off
again . . . Listen!"
From some distança away there another scrambling sound, as
elif
dren.
*
Their suggestions for meals,—
Breakfast
Fruit—Tomato juice, apple, applesauce or fruit in season.
Cereal—Rolled oats or rolled wheat with milk.
Eggs—scrambled, poached or boiled, one or more a week.
Buttered toast occasionally with marmalade or jam.
Tea or coffee for adults, milk for children.
DISAGREEMENT
The next morning Virginia beard from Curly that Lawler had very abruptly left her employment during the night.
* But why did he leave so suddenly? Did anything happen? '
"We-e-ll—” Curly hesitated reckon mebbe he did have a kind of disagreement."
"With whom?"
"Well now. he didn’t say.”
"Thank you. Curly." She had mercy on him, but two bright spots burned in her cheeks. "And I'd like to take his place, please."
"Why
to." Curly ducked his head Id embarrassed thanks. "I'll shore do all I can for you, Miss V'giula." he added earnestly. "I'll get on the Job right now."
He was off. grinning and happy, but glad to escape. Another step approaching, and Virginia did not need to be told that this was
!»
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chamber» welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your "pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special
in order. Address your letters to "Mies Sadie B. Chanters, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
• i>
•li
an
"i
3!
r-i

?
About 250 separate construction projects are at present under way in Canada, including coastal defences, fortifications, hangars and submarine defences for harbours and waterways.
. vu
m
Tl
Lunch or Supper Soup (creamed vegetable) or Cheese sandwiches toasted (if desired) or
you
I reckon I'd be pleased
came
if a stealthily moving body had missed its footing and slid for aev-
By LOUISE LENNOX
Do your housework in cool comfort this summer. This attractive wrap-around frock has a fresh, airy look that your family will like when you greet them at the breakfast table. Cotton, of course, is the most practical fabric, especially a plaid pattern trimmed with brigh ric-rac. The ruffle adds a note of softness as does the smart pouch pocket. Make yours with either the little cap sleeves or the slightly longer straight sleeves. The tie belt holds it firmly at the waist and ties with a perky bow in the back.
Style No. 3363 is designed for aizcs 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 40 and 48. Size 36 requires 4 yards of 39-inch material with 2 % yds. of ric-rac.
Send Twenty cents (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state size you wish.
Aral feet.
"So Slanty got away and left to face the music?” Lee inquir-
That sounds like
THIS FAMOUS WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL IS "FOOD FOR HEALTH IN PEACE AND WAR *
you
ed pleasantly, him." He paused for a reminiscent grin. "There's a lot of manzanlta on that slope," lie added thoughtfully. "Pretty thorny ecrubf Lawler. I shouldn't wonder If he'll have some nice long scratches to Identify
V*

was

The authoritative booklet prepared by the Canadian Medical Asso-jfP dation, recommends "whole groin cereals" as one of the essential "protective" foods that you should eat every day. Shredded Wheat is a "whole grain cereal"—it is 100% pure whole wheat in its most palatable form. Two Shredded Wheat with milk and fruit contain no less than eight vital food values: Three Vitamins (A, Bx and C), Iron. Calcium, Phosphorus, Proteins and Carbohydrates. . . . Give your family this "protective" whole wheat cereal daily. It's mighty good to taste — and costs only a few cents a serving.
THl CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD., Niagara MU, Canada
Lee
There was a quick warming of his oye.i as he saw her, but her own flashed angrily.
“So you have taken the liberty of
or ter-
&
X
X
*

"•:jw
discharging my manager — porlElng him out of my employ
The warmth vanished.
"If you want to put it that way." ho said briefly. ‘Trawler was his honest and deliberately worked all against your interests, and lie warn drunk half the time. If you had been on the job yourself you'd have

I
t
4
»
k
#0%
#0#
V.-

mm



ïÿonj


** '
I
x
EDWHÏ
known It."
"I am glad that you at least recognize that It is my job. and not yours,” she replied coldly. ”1 have appreciated your good intentions, bût I don't care for your methods. Do I make myself clear?"
“Absolutely.*' He smiled wryly.
But perhaps —"
AT
IF

1


*212 SENDS 1,000
"BRITISH CONSOLS"
"EXPORT" or "LEGION" Cigarettes
to in, slink MIHtor *d»res; Owsms
4



i
"1 HATE YOU"
“You have taken my affairs out
She swept on with


you about It, but I don't believe you want to hear it now. Good bye — Virginia."
He went out without further ado. Virginia sat there, for some minutes longer, flushed and stormy. She was still angry, but there was a hurt In it.
How could he, and why had she •aid what she did?
The most exasperating thing of all was her enormous relief that Lawler had gone.
(To He C jammed)

of my hands
heeding him, and he checked himself with unusual patience "You've belittled and humiliated before my own men and my
oui
MeH Order and Rewiffence to;— OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
W. C. MACDONALD INC
%

*t
me
.
Be* 1»2f, note d'Arme*.
friends. I hate you!"
Her voice choked a little
look cajne back to his eyes he looked down at hoi standing by Matt's old desk, so small and lovely, so bitterly angry at him.
"I'm sorry,** he said quietly. "Not about Lawler. That had to come But we always seem to hit things off the wrong way. 1 came up to tell
4
¦ *
g

Montreal, Canada TMi •*« iwl|«t It l*| •**•!• I* eirw#*l«t *«|ut»IWl
The


%
warm

#1#

SEND THE BOYS THE BEST

r . FOR THIS FAMILIAR PACKAGE AT i YOUR FOOD STORE
1






a
*
4



4
...
ISSUE 30—’40
SïÆjm
\
4
MADE IN CANADA-OF CANADIAN WHEAT
11
4
4
###PAGE###8###
I	_	Island, a member of one of the
I North Bay.	For tue past 20 years she had
resided in Campbell 8 Bay. and was a devoted member of St. John
es^JWuAst
¦sS&ît SL SÆ SBr
Township of CUreDdoB. farmer.	„âe»t «ran
All persons having claims against the fanij|y plot at Campbell s Say above Estate are requested to file the eemetery.
with the undersigned forthwith.	---?-—
Cemetery Memorials
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
recruits
WANTED
her
notice
Before Buying Elsewhere
Get Our Prices
and distinctive Stock to choose from

. FOR -
son and five
VETERANS HOME GUARD
A large
made in he
Phone. 278
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
same
Misa Doris Olmetead Honoured
40 recruits wanted for Veterans Home Guard. Age limit 50 years. Categories
A., B. or C., accepted, service in the last Great VTar.
Apply at Renfrew Armouries to
H. C. ROWAT,
Notary
Shawville, Que
The home of Mrs. Jas. Morrison was the «cene of quite a large gathering in the event of a miscellaneous shower, oil
given in honour of Mias	the waggon. Miss Velma Arm-
EM*
Must have seen
Austin
remembrance from ^^^^^ip
El
and 50 guests.
Funeral of Mrs. Callaghan
Friends
Oapt. W. M. Mac Andrew
Renfrew Recruiting Officer
John A. Armstrong,
Prominent Farmer, Passes
Clarendon township lost one of most highly esteemed and prosperous farmer citizens on Wednesday of last week, when
hi, As?r
Front, following a brief illness.
Mr. Armstrong was born on the homstead farm, where he died, on
nil of bis life time there. He was
quiet and unassuming disposition he was one of the township s best known citizens. He served tor some years on the Council and School Boards, and always took a keen interest in muncipal affairs
and the welfare of his c°^^j^ered
its
NATIONAL STOCK TAKING
NEEDS NATIONAL REGISTRATION
ascertain the human resources of the nation so that they may be
in the defence of this country and towards the
to register on
The object of this registration is to mobilized to enable Canada to make her maximum effort in
successful prosecution of the
Here are the questions you will be asked tor answer to certain necessary variations. Study the questions carefully now so that you may be ready to g.ve
and complete answers to the registration officer.


t
In agriculture he one of the districts most success-
Presbyterian Church and had d as clerk of the session for
was
?
war.

He
The card for women will be similar but subject
full
>

was a
0

serve
son, of Clarendon ; two sons Everett and James, at home ; four daughters. (Geraldine) Mrs. M MoDiarmid. of Osgoode. Ont., Mary, of Toionto ; Bessie, ot Verdun, and Beatrice, at home ; one
sssSfalrTtS
K. MacQueen, of Victoria, H.C., Mrs. E. Bridgen, Kisbey, bask., Mrs. C. Hudson, Chelsea, Que ; Mrs. H. MeDiarmid, Osgoode, and Mrs. S. Olmstead, of Austin, Que.
The funeral was held on hriday afternoon from the late home to Bristol Memorial Church and the cortege was one ot the largest ever witnessed in the district, am many relatives and friends attended from distant points. Service conducted by the pastor. Rev.
D. Smith.	Monl,
Interment was made at Maple Grove cemetery, Shaw ville, and the pall bearers were, Dr. John W. Armstrong, of Montreal, and Messrs. Anthony Armstrong, John
A., and Harry Sturgeon, John w.,
and Dalton Russell-	.
Many beautiful floral tributes received including the 101*

;
*
REGISTRATION DATES:- AUGUST 19th, 20th and 21st
>
I


:
*
Date or Registration
Card No

Polling Division No
1940
Name, if any
Electoral District I No
Name
$
Year
Day
Month
13. Class of occupation: (a) Are you an employer of labour other than domest.c? If so. state business
*
(b) Arc you work me on own account.
..........Given Names ...................-...................
usual residence when filling in card give name of usual residence)
f
1. Surname
(Print in block letters)
2. Permanent Postal Address (if away from

If so, state business
but not employing labour?
(c) Are you an employee? (1) working at usual occupation
(3) unemployed..........
/>
.........(2) working at other than
(d) Not working because pensioner.
y
Province
Town or City
Rural Route end Post Office

Street end Number
usual occupation dependent, retired, independent means
i
Date of birth
3. Age last birthday
Day
Month
Yeer
Veers of experience im
<
Divorced.
14. Occupation or Craft:—
(a)	Present occupation?..............
(b)	What is your regular occupation’..
(c)	What other work can yoq do well?
Widowed
Married
4.	Conjugal conditions: Single
5.	Of what dependents (If any) are you the sole support
(b) Mother
_____(c) Number of other dependents.
(a)

• ••
(b)


w..„(d) Number of children under ............(f) Do you contribute
(c) Wife
(a) Father
(c)
was

••see
16 years.


partial support to any	...........-
(a)	Yourself.............-......-............................
(b)	Your father.......................-....................
(c)	Your mother..............-...............................
7. Nationality or country of allegiance:—British subject (a) by birth’
........Foreign citizen?...............
M....(c) In what place?.^m.»..
Name
(d) If an employee, who is your present employer?
Address...........
(state precisely) .
<e) If experienced in a
of work in which you arc specially equipped by training or experience
Nature of business where employed?
Place
6. Country
Place
of
skilled industrial occupation or profession, describe specifically the type or types
birth
k
Place
of
••M
were
loWlD 2**
Broken Circle, the Family ; wreaths. Dr. John W. Armstrong and family j Mrs. Harrison and the McDiarrcid family ; sprays, Mrs. C. Hudson and family ; Mrs. F. Armstrong and Wm, Armstrong; Mrs. M. Glenn and An tbony Armstrong ; Mr. and Mrs U. McDiarmid and family ; Misses Marion Dale and Maude Dahms ; Miss Laura Stewart ; Busy Bee Institute ; cut flowers, the Session Bristol Memorial Church ; J. P. Rusaett and family ; Mr and Mrs. J. A. MacFeeters.
r
(d) If naturalized, in ....(f) If not British
(b) by naturalization?
what year?..............
subject, to what country do you owe allegiance?--------------------
(g) If an immigrant, in what year did you enter Canada?,.-......
(a) How many weeks did you work in the past 12 months’..........................**~
state number of weeks since last employed in any occupation other than work
(c) Arc you totally incapacitated
IS. Unemployment
(b) If out of work now
performed in return for direct relief
>
for employment’
16.	(al) Were you brought upon a farm?
worked on n farm?.........
(cl) Can you handle horses’ ........... (c4) Can you milk?...
17.	Is there any particular occupation in
8.	Racial origin....................................... -
9.	Language or languages: (a) Do you speak English?----......
(c)	What other language can you speak, read and wntc?
10. Education: (a) Primary only
Training (Business College, Technical High School)
(d)	College or University Degree?...............j
(bl) Have you
(a2) Until what age?
(b) French?
(b3) In what province or country
(c3)Usc farm machinery?

(b2) How long
(c2) Drive a tractor?
....(c5) Arc you able to do other farm work?
(c) Vocational
(b) Primary and Secondary
which you would like to be specially trained?

Death of Mise Sadie Kilgour Deeply Regretted Here
(1) Have you previously served in any Naval, Military or Air Forces
12. If blind
MM
(c) bad’
18. Defence Services
If so, state: (a) Forces of what country
News of the tragic death of Miss Sadie Kilgour in the Blanche River, near Kirkland Lake, od Wednesday evening of last week, was received in Shawville and vicinity with widespread regret by many relatives and a host ot
fl Mis^Kilgour, who had been vacationing with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alex H. Kilgour, in North Hay, went to Kirkland Lake in company with her sister,
Miss Merle Kilgour and two other girl friends, to visit her brothers. When returning from a picnic m a motor boat with Mr. and Mrs. Jack Challis, their small son, Peter, and Miss Sybil Carr, her North Hay companion, an explosion occurred when Mr. Chullis Attempted to refuel the hot inboard motor and the occupants of the boat were thrown into the water Miss Carr and Mr. and Mis. C ha I lis managed to swim to shore with their son, and it is believed Miss
burned, or suffered
(b) fair?
crippled or otherwise physically disabled, state nature of disability
II. Is your general health (a) good? deaf, dumb
.........*
(b) Approximate dates between which services performed
(d) Rank held.
(2) If retired or
(c) Unit......................
discharged, give reasons therefor (3) Have you been rejected for military service in the present war?
(b) Where?........
In respect of War
If permanently disabled, arc you in receipt of a tension?
Workmen's Compensation?...

Old Age or Blind?....

Service?
(a) Why?
Other? (Specify)
The National Effort. To keep the cost of this registration
in the work of registration. You can
" SSSTSSm mss 3=

Your Registration Certificate;
? * To every person answering the questionnaire fully Y and satisfactorily a certificate of registration will be F issued by the local deputy registrar. This is a small r card which must be carried on the person at all times.
WHERE TO REGISTER
in the same
Registration offices are being set up by electoral districts — as in the last Dominion election.
satisfactory explanation to the local deputy registrar.
manner
m
% v. 5
M?
Kilgour was from shock and was unable to
save herself as «the was a fairly good swimmer.	.
Miss Kilgour wa* bom in Shaw-| ville 31 years ago. and when quite went to Hailey bury with triit-» and later to North Fur the pa-t v.-n ye os she bad been residing in Toronto where she whs associated with tIm•,
Consumer's' Uas Company us head ,

ex
oung
l
N-240
_ier pa: « Hav. f
