###PAGE###1###
r
' *#»



%

V
#
- **
No 13, 57th Ybar
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 10.19
$1.50 pen annum In Advance 2.00 to the United Statee
I
Mr. H. W. Hodgins sectetnry of Hhrtwville Fuir, will be absent
from hit office on Friday niter-noon, thin week. .
PERSONAL MENTION
GEORGES CARON (COWLING
BUSINESS

». A.. «.C L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell*» Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
Mi.<* Patricia Me Dowel Heft this week to resume her wtridlen. at The annual vamp meeting of | King's Hall, Compton. Quo. VMWVtile SWwfliKCliuivli congregation is now in session and will continue to Sunday night.
I
COLLEGE
Mrs, Clarence Farrell left Monday to spend fl vacation with relative* ami friends in Sudbury.
Mr. Carrol Horner, of Noramia, is visiting his parent*, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Horner, at Sand Bay
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario, school with
reputation. Open all year.
SHINGLES—Old stork, old price. A good buy now. H. A. Grant, Bristol.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer | Bailiff Superior Court
Aladdin Lamps
Bristol Busy Bee# Institute will . „ meet at the borne of Mrs. Arthur Mr. Clifford 01 instead, of Noran-Hodglns, Shawville, on Friday da. spent the week-end with him otlAlll„tf f n afternoon, Sept. 15th, at 8 o’clock, wife and relatives in this district. | SHAWVILLE
Program-An address on Educe- Mr. and Mrs W. C\ Stark hâve tmn, Kev K Andrews, of returned home after a month’s
I'A “feiïSSE jft-yhr,l*“v"*«"»J
Attend a an established
QUE.
I
W. I. COWLING, President
BORN
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Protect your eyes and use
At Shawville Community Horn* Mrs. EJ. Jessup, of North Buy, I pit* 1, on Wednesday. August30th, Ont, was a week end guest of Mr. 1030, to Mr. and Mrs. Munson and Mrs. Hartwell Thompson, at | Smith, of Shawville, a son.
Kleutloa of Albert Maelaren. | Clarendon Front.
Buckingham, One., to the Board [>f Directors of The Bank
Sleeted Director of Bank of Nova Scotia
JAMES A. MILLAR
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
s.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
f29MainSt
' At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
A t Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Wednesday morning.
• e
. Mr and Mrs Arthur Argue, of q . ’ «	,	.	of ^ova Boston, are guests this week at
“Hi- Amt,uTm«rt left U*t week I
and lumber Industrie* In the Otte for Granby, Que , where she ha* ment of their only daughter, Mary wa Valley, is President of the "ccepted a position on the teach- isvelyn, to Frederick Hammond, Maelaren Power and Paper Gom- *"8 of the High School.	youngest son of Mr. and ^Irs.
aj3M"ir."e,iSs: jha,	ffafs
Quebec Power Company.	the home of their grandmother, utb
ENGAGEMENT
c
Hull,Que*
• 9
Full line of supplies always on hand
HA BLAND 0. BO WAT
Mrs Jos, Sly, for the week end.
Change Hunting Laws
MARRIED
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald DrataPjiM
the province of Quebec have been two week s visit with relatives in Baskets ot gladioli and other changed from last year and fur this district.	Autumn blooms adorned the Ho iIS lu. Possession of partridge _	*	' an line.	Elmer Sturgeon, youngest son of
is illegal after November 6, 1030 Rev. P. S. 0 Powles and sons, Mr. and Mrs. John Sturgeon. The The hours for shooting ducks Bill and Cyril, and Mr. and Mrs. pastor. Rev. M. C. Pritchard, have also been revised, a new j Lionel Powles and little daughter, officiated. Miss Carrie Smith preamendment to the Migratory Birds of Montreal, are guests of Dr. and tided at the organ.
Convention Act, making it unlaw- Mrs. Powles, at Green Lake.	t The bride was gtvep in marriage
ful to hunt migratory game birds i Mr R. J. Connelly and family, >V 1**: father, and was attended between one half hour after sun- who have been visiting relatives by b®r	Miss Annie Kmpe.
set and one hour before sunrise, in this district for the past two Mi. Urval Knipe, brother of the The hunting of migratory game weeks, returned to their home in bride acted as best man. birds with a rifle Is also forbidden. I South Porcupine oil Saturday. . ,A bolero floor length gown of
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office - In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office: Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)

Ladies’ New Fall Shoes
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B., C.L. Advocate. Barrister, etc*
Main Street . -
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e *ery Friday evening.
Many smart new styles for Fall in Suedes and and different combination of Patents, Suedes and Calves, etc.
Hull, Que.
f
moose or deer dining the season.	.	# .	; __	...v	------ — “"'l
The season for speckled trout,	Week end guests at the home of da
*a y trout and base closes Senteni- Mr. and Mrs. ». A. nod g ins, 7th .
j
Ties, Gores and Pump Effects, all good fitters. Black, Brown, Navy.
of pink gltidioli, cream rosea and DONAT Le GUERRIER
of |dark blue delphiniums.
The bridesmaid wore a floor line, were. Mr. and Mrs. Grant I length ice blue taffeta gown,
Belle and children, of Regina; Mr. shoulder length veil of the same and Mrs Leon Stowe and daugb- shade, caught with a nosegay ot ter, Loina, Mr. L. D. Phelps and flowers, and carried a bouquet of Master Douglas Smith, of Cowans I pink gladioli and pale blue delphiniums. During the signing of the register, Mrs Asa Smith sang “O Perfect Love.*'
Following the ceremony, a luncheon was served at the home The Stark Corner* Lnited Wo-.lof. the bride1* parent* for the mcn’ii Association met in the immediate relatives, with a vecep-Church Hall on Thursday, Sept, lion later.
7th, 103O, with fourteen members] Mr. and Mrs. Sturgeon left on a and fifteen visitors present.
TW

B.A
• t

##
< V. X
gray trout and base closes Sente
ber 30.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
F
Belag Sent to Limits
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
From $1.95 to $2.95.
Arnprior. Sept. 8.—F. H. Broo* ville, Que.	gjjV
skill, official of Gillies Brothers,	*— •*------
Brseside lumber operators, said Statics Corners today the company plans to send | Women’s Association nearly 900 men tolSlwn Ontario and Quebec for Winter cut-tm* operations.
Regarding war conditions, Mr.
Bronskill said the concern was carrying on “as if nothing had happened,” Prom 500 to 000 of the men will go to Northern Algonquin Park: while 200 to 800 will be sent to the Coulonge River, in Pontiac County, Quebec, he said.
It was impossible to determine whether any increase in the demand for lumber and lumber products would be felt as a- result of the outbreak of war, Mr. Broil-skill said, but added that a large number of men being sent north was no indication toe Braeside mill would be closed down for a time at least.—Ottawa Journal.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
shaped.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT BARRISTER 189 MAm STRUT
HULL,
At Proudfoot s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
School Girls’ Oxfords
We specialze in School Girls’ Oxfprds, Brogues, Sport Oxfords, Ties, etc. Good walking styles. Smart
Black or brown, sizes 3 to 8
PHONE, 2-22
QUEBEC
The bride
trip
The vice-president, Mrs. Irwin travelled in a smart black ensein-Smart bad charge of the meeting ble. Her hat was a feathered assisted by the Secretary, Mrs. E. model. On their return they will P. Fulford. Mrs. J. A. Dean had reside in Campbell's Brfy. charge of the devotional period
whi«-h was opened by tinging it Gallagher-MacGvire
sat,K.mtir- —
Mrs Dean's topic was, “Not to MacGmie, daughter ot Nr. and
srea sssr ;tM;
PrM vp, w»« l AnjMfod	Noraiida, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ed
In the business session plans tuund Parnell Gallagher, of Toron
were made for a chicken supper to yas 80 efu,11*?^ In t J? ^ be held around Oct. 18th Rev of Immaculate Oonception. Bry
Mr. Pokes closed the meeting with
prayer, after which refreshments officiated, and the witnesses were were served by Mrs Wra. Welsh, Mr. and Mro. J. Oscar La flam me,
,	,	,. E,lîotLtIOyd Hud8lni end Mr<* T* I Gi"™nPto lU, ri«yge by her futh.r,
&ËS8S& |»si
For the first time In bistory, the	* . * ~~~ „____„ Following" a buffet breakfast
senior Dominion of the British Special Prise Liât for Shawville 8erved at the home of the bride’s Commonwealth, on its own ac- Fair Larger Than Ever	parents on Calumet Island, the
count and by its own will exercie-	— 'v I bride and bridegroom left on a
ed the most awesome prerogative The officers of Shawville Fair motor trip east. For travelling of nationhood by declaring ft are feeling highly pleased with ap- jjNi Gallagher wore a French state of war. In 1914, the Govern pearances for a very successful wooi ensemble on a rose wood ment merely pupllehed the British Pair. The special grants of $500 tone with a brown hat and brown war proclamation.	. from the Federal and the Brovin- Acce880rie8 and Kolinsky furs.
Just 18 hours after the House of eial Governments, respectively, They will reside in Noranda.
Commons signified its approval of were very encouraging for a force	_______
the Government a proposal, to ful canvass by directors, and con- _ *	'
throw Canadian tyn and resources sequently the people who usually | Sna wviile W. m, 3.
into war tor the second time in 25 have donated have given the same	• TT
years, a Royal proclamation was amount as in former years and a A meeting of the CnRed vv o issued by Lord Tweedsmuir, considerable number of new men s Missionary Society was held Governor General, on the author- donors appear on the list, making J® Sunday School rooms of the ity of King George VI announcing a list greater than any list in the Church on Thursday afternoon a state of war with Germany history of the Fair.	with Mrs. C. N. Woodley, the pie
exists as from Sunday.	Some of the directors have been «dent, in charge. Tho minutes ot
Parliament expressed its wjll	in charge of	small	work	gangs, re	previous meeting were	read	)>
late Saturday night at the special	pairing the	exhibition*	buildings	M*"* Austin McDowell in	the	mb
session by adopting the Ad-	for the last	week	and	they plan	senee of the sécrétai y.
k in Reply to the Speech from	for another ten	days	activities	, Tho progra^m lneh^ed a	i^^mg
is of one , and
and durable.
$1.95
every
I Special’Boys’ Oxfords
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Sturdy School Boys’ Oxfords. Made up on good lasts. Stand good hard wear.
j
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
SI OMAN'S
*V.
&
MONTREAL, [QUE.
L.
Canada at War
PUtTtAU 83It
sizes II, 12. 13 for $1.75 “ I to 5	“^1.95
Oft WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Mens’ Work Boots
We Stock Several of the Finest Makes
BELAIR 3 217


John Palmer, Greb,
Williams,
Sismans,
Hardy,
Fourniers.
%
3
D. J. CAMPBELL

f
SMAN'S
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
A''
%
Phone II.
I

h

A
, -4
Dp. R. G. DOCKS

Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and • New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
$2.95 to $7.50
• Priced from
war
the Throne, traditional method of I along this line, which assures the I by Misa^nn*e Hamilton giving approval to general Gov- exhibitor of increased and ira A. F. Pokes gavea synopsis t
-SKtaSSupS-. Mi.wwr... C W,
kenzle King told the Houto that y adoption of the Add res, would I
| Laura Woodley and Ruth Hodgins.
SS.7,""4 °u“r ,por“ ‘,,ov‘de * «Ï'-SM'SU with w.r..
W. a. Hodgins, Lt’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Specialist mcdical aars euiLoma
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA. - ONT.
RHONE, 2 7##!




###PAGE###2###
PAGE (S) ABMe (s)
Cities Of Europe Are Not Far Apart By Air
SCOUTING
"It DOES Ustt seed in a pipe!"
HANDY SEAUTI6H7 POUCH • 1 5f
14-LB. "LOK-ÎOF" TIM . Ô0* also packed in Pocket hr;
AY
Hoy Scouts, Wolf Cut Girl Guides and It row nies of St. Cath-arincs, Mevritton, Thorold, l'ort Palhousie and	Ninga ra-vn-thc-
Lake, combined for a Scouts' and Guides’ Own church service at Montebello 1'ark, St. Catharines. Led by the Salvation Army band and colour parties bearing many Lags, the youthful prove sion made an impressive spectacle on the way to the park. The service was conducted throughout by Scout and Guide leaders, the < hie 1 athlri being gi\en by District Scent C’oi mis lorn r 11. < Morrow.

NO**
is;
. nt H
I oWP
xwiA
INVERNESS
BRITISH
ADMIRALTY
MtlQ'RS.
>sTV
s


i
Ï.
I "A
,*rV,A \
i (
<
So\z/er
RUSS/A

i
D
ts


LIT*
f-HOàAKP
fl

LS , v V
HL
LONDON

v‘.

HAM6UKk>i

A*VV

WARSAW
X
r
#
•1N ft#



SM
if
r

m ^
Sÿâl*
to v,
L A
«

x
V
</
PO JL A K'f
v>
turvs in jl < v.ii j iants 7b of all the part* it unes. The < of the parta is purchased and injuries sut h ih inr as cahi eta and certain )ouri-8| i nkr rs, co ,1 ripera and resistors.
The Company is required to maintain atocka in its st of more than f>700 diffc of parts thiouphout the yvir.
Ih am lie are maint • " ni in Montreal and Winnipeg.
v
/
Roger» Majestic Corporation
A demons!talion of methods of rescuing unconscious persons front a burning house was put each patrol of the Stratford baptist Scout Troop, to mark the presentation of the Scout Fireman's Proficiency Badge to Troop 1 carier Sylvester.
PARIS #
r 30%

GERMAN)
War


6> ^ vv'rZJ
S?
ZS
by
SJ}

on

N»
V
5%*

P^xx
:<->r

A Wholly Owned Canadien
Company

W
r
r-

FRANCE y
WO
1
no*

A
>V.-' : »	*S-.r -
iX/z-wx !¦
•>$
k
rooms t kinds
The Kogcrs-Majcstic Corporation I imitcd does more radio design r.nd development work and more actual manufacturing any other manufacturer in Canada.
II."
-L
(
N ^
MA
h
pO
x.
/
:
V -
“The Boy Scouts showed in that work what an effective body for service to the community the Boy Scout Movement is.” The comment was that of Fire Chief I am pm an of Welland, Ont., upon the work of a bucket brigade of Scouts of the “Stop 19” Troop in attacking a five in a cottage dwelling. The efforts of the Scout fire fighters confined the flames to the dwelling until the arrival of firemen and apparatus from Welland.
than
\'
siJi*1*
''V
A


y U<r°-


Kmploying their own cabine t designers and maintaining a year-round engineering staff which produce between 60 and 70 different radio models each year, including the famous Deforest Radio.
Practically every part and cabinet of the entire complete line of three radios, is purchased in Canada or manufactured ly Rogers-Majestic in their Toronto factory.
It is interesting to know that an average radio receiver contains a total of approximately 1200 parts and an average of 520 different kinds of parts.
Of all of those parts the Rogers Majestic Corporation manufac-

Æ

>*K
>
Takes Two To



$
j
A

Drive A Car

>
*
£
• A
* >

> r

Police t entitled in city court at Raleigh. N ( last week that a colored man and his wir • were driving th< a me automobi • at the same time while drunk.
figu.vs on this map indicate the flying distance between the chief elites of Kurope, nil of which ir,a\ be targets for bombers. German planes at Berlin have but 320 miles to fly to Warsaw in the heart f Poland. Inverness, British admiralty headquarters, is 4Ml miles from the mouth of the Baltic Ssea. l hi. a short distance from Heligoland, scene of the famed llritish-German naval battle of Aug. 2. ,	.
1

They said the man wa> opérât-
till and his wife was
A Scout Group charter has been issued by Quebec Provincial Headquarters to the province’s farthest-north unit, (iOO miles from Montreal vn the eastern shore of James Bay. The new Scout Troop and Cub Pack are made up of Indian boys attending St. Phillips Anglican Mission School at Port George.
ing the steering.
The Judge scratched h < head, concluded both wire guilty. Kach was ordered to pay $50 and costs or serve 00 days.
i Li
Canadian Is Army Head
How Can I ?
o
mtÊÊÊlÊÊÊtÊÊÊÆÊtÊ
BY ANNE ASHI EY
Have You Heard
Q.—How can 1 prepare a remedy for excessive perspiration?
A.— Bathe the parts daily and then apply a lotion consisting of two teaspoonfuls of powdered alum to one pint of water. Follow by dusting with a powder made of i no ounce boric acid and ten p—tins of salicylic acid.
s.—How can 1 refreshen wilted vegetables?
A.—Add a slice of lemon to a pan of water and soak the vegetables in it for about n half hour. This is particularly effective for spinach, lettuce, and parsley.
Q.— How can I make use of a soapy dish water?
A.—It is claimed that soapy dish water thrown on the rose bushes will make them thrive.
Q.—How can I prepare a good roast meat sandwich?
A.—Use the following: Diced cold roast meat, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, cup finely ground raw carrots, salad dressing, salt, and lettuce. Whip the peanut butter with salad dressing until cream), then add to the salted carrots and meat.
Q.—How can I treat sunburn if I have no lotions or salve?
A.—Spread butter lavishly over the burned parts and it will prove at. effective first aid.
Last Respects to “Ondy King* Senator

A demonstration of bandaging for fractures, the carrying of unconscious persons and other first-aid work was given by a team of four Boy Scouts at a meeting of the Womens’ Institute of St. Mary’s, Ont.

e *

Mrs. Jonts: “We need a new
roof.
\
\
If
k
/
Jones: “What's the matter with the old one ? It doesn’t leak.”
Mrs. Jones: “No, but I don’t want to be ashamed every time an airplane (lie- < mr the house
r*"9L

I


m
€


t

l


Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE

Free—* You arc a singular •ert of girl
Mabel—“Well that’s easily fixed."
• •
9>
»
o
What is the correct way to
showed signs of restlessness while the English teacher, Frol. William I.yon Jones was lecturing on Browning. Finally, seeing the restlessness growing more acute, the quick-witted professor said:
“Only a minute one more pear
1.
A .teiatuie i
i>s
i •
Commissioner George Carpenter, territorial commander in Canada at a meeting of the high council in London, England, was named the rew leader for the world, of the Falvatioa Army, succeeding General Evangeline Booth.
give a tip?
2.—May a fork handle rest on the table, with the prongs on the edge of the plate, when not in use?
3.	— What is the correct salutation when a woman telephones another woman of her own social position?
4.	—What does it indicate when a person misspells five or six words in a letter?
I
1 have just
• •
A historian asserts that Englishmen played a sort of golf in King Harold’s days. It will be remembered that Marti im self went out in '66.
— O—
pit applied for a mar-
What Science
*
Isn't it discourteous for a
5.
m ¦
motorist to drive through a funer-cl procession ?
6.—When a woman is playing golf with a man, who should pay her caddy ?
is
1
Doing
m
*
i u

4M
t
I
Married before?’’
V
4 •
ANSWERS
1.—A tip should be given quietly and courteously, without showing the least display. One who gives a tip in a conspicuous manner invariably does so to impress those who are watching. 2. Never. The fork should rest on the plate, the prongs pointing upwards. 3. —“Mrs. Baker? This is Dorothy Moore.” 4.—It indicates both negligence and laziness. Every desk should contain a dictionary, and it takes but a minute to consult it. 5.—Yes; he should be patient and wait, even if in a hurry. 6.—The S woman should pay her own caddy.
. ix :
TO EXPLORE OCEAN FLOOR
Departing for the time being from his adventures into thf stratosphere Pro!. August Piccard, the Sw iss physicist, le devoting hie attention to the floor of the ocean, which he plans to explore from a glass gondola attached to a huge steel sphere.
Bride-to-be : 4<ves.”
Clerk: “Husband deceased or divorced?”
Bride-to-be
• \
FARM
PROBLEMS
I
toy
deceased him.”


\

—o—
Teacher:


s s.
Children, how do you think Samson felt after Delilah sheared him'.
!
.m
(Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, assisted by other members of the faculty of the O A C )
Q.—Would you please tell me if bad silage that you throw out of the silo odd times through the winter months, it bad for your ground to spread at- manure, and also if you could use it to mulch grapes or peaches when you have quit working them for the season towards the end of July without it doing any harm?
A.—There it no reason why decayed silage should not be used as manure. It will supply a good quantity of Organic Matter, and the temporary Acidity which it may have carried while in the silo will be quickly corrected when it is exposed to the air. It should be satisfactory as a mulch for Grapes and Peaches when you have censed to cultivate them. “H. H.—Lincoln Co.”
Q.—Could you please give me any information regarding sowing Salt on root-ground? I am putting Turnips on Sweet Clover pasture land. This land is high and bad for drying on it. I have it covered with manure. How much Salt should I sow per acre? Would it be alright to sow fertilizer along with the Salt? I will finish the field with Barley. How would it do to mix Salt with the fertilizer for the Barley?
A.—In answer I wish to say that there is no argument for the sowing of Salt since Salt does not supply any element of plantfood. The only thing it does is to liberate a small amount of Potash from the soil. The same amount of money invested in Potash Salt such as Muriate of Potash will give much larger returns since the Potash carried by the Salt is used directly by the crop.


'V
Billy Bright: Pretty sheepish, | guess.
4
UNKNOWINGLY HAVE T. B
Tuberculosis is much more prevalent than generally supposed. A great many have the disease and have no knowledge of the fact. This was revealed in mu extensive serlee of medical examinations made ou the students in the University of Chicago. It was found that lVs per cent, of the students unknowingly had the disease and it was advanced to the point at which a clinical determination of its presence could be made.
Thousands gathered at St. Michael’s cathedral in Toronto to pay their last respects to Senator Frank O’Connor, who passed away following a lengthy illness. Among the honorary pall-bearers were Hon. Dr. Herbert Bruce, LEFT; Capt. J. W. Flanagan, second from LEFT; Sir William Mu lock, second from RIGHT, and Premier Mitchell Hepburn.
New Upholstery
Cauda Cloth Combines SuedeLike Smoothness With the Utmost in Utility
Classified...
Advertising..
AliKXTS VV AX Ti l)
m:\v ki mmi Liu*; i on sai.k
The old adage about beauty TJe-ing only skin deep is completely disproved by the advent of canda •loth — a new. revolutionary upholstery fabric developed this year and already marked for wide adoption by car owners.
It appears that canda cloth reconciles two diverse viewpoints, namely: the strong desire for the beauty and smoothness In upholstery and the equally strong desire tor ruggedness and long life. Now these two preference* find a common ground, for the introduction of canda cloth makes available not only beauty and silken smoothness bnt enduring service as well.
Wash With Soap and Water The new canda cloth combines
SAVE 2U% un MURE UN NEW Furniture. Uur large five-floor warehouse la stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE we save nn average of 2d% and pass this big saving on to you. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid. Write us to-day. Valuable prem-lums given for sending customer! to us. McKenna Furniture . Co., Limited. 526 Bay street. Toronto.
AGENTS WANTED—IN ALL Districts In Canada for Indestructible Household Necessity. Send 25c for sample. Money refunded If not satisfied. London Vending Co 25 Wolaeley Avenue, London, Ont.
••
MEASURES BREATH OF LEAF
Au apparatus has been invented In distant East Africa for measuring under natural conditions the rate of breathing of a single leaf.
The apparatus, "an Important contribution In the investigation of plant physiology," does its work by measuring continuously and automatically the differences in water content between two different streams of air.
EDI CATION 41,
TO SELL NEW FIRE EXTJN-guisher retailing at $1.95 each complete with hanger for automobiles, motor boats, summer cottages and household use. Contents approved by Underwriters. Territory open, liberal commission. Write, Castle Supply Company, Dept. XV., 67 Venge Street, Toronto.
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses in Matriculation. Short Story, Journalism, Advertising. Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College (established 1902), 229 Yonge St.. Toronto.______________

NEW I.IFE F OH OLD II AIK
LOOK 10 Y Its. YOUNGER. NATUR-ello Hair Restorative — restores grey or faded hair to its natural color—stainless — for six weeks supply
Hair Re<orativc, P.O Box ronto.
1 HUM ENT FOR SALE
nun uuiks
send $ I 00
Naturelle To-
COMPLETE BUTCHER
EQUir-
menl for sale. Frigidaire machine, eight feet counter with coll, mincer. Block. Scale. Lights. Will ¦ell whole or in part. H. McLeod. 169 Hampton Avinue. Toronto,
SPRUCE LEIGH WHITE LEGHORN Pullets, farm-ranged. May-hatched, September delivery,
Woods Poultry. Route wood, Ontario.
I
1. each. . itock-
I'HOTO PJNIMIING
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
A new drug has banished pain from the dentist's chair.
To-day, every major dental operation can be performed, without the least pain to the patient.
The drug which makes short work of pain has this chemical name:	para-amino, mono-Bobutyl
benzoate hydrochloride.
EIGHT ENLARGED PRINTS 26c.
Free
Special offer for euinmei colortone enlargement v order of 25o oi mon oped and ti enlarged douV-* aized prints 25c Reprints 4c es *!i. Can-adu Photo Muppl)
(.’a nudn'u
BICYCLES AND MOTORCYCLE*
MEN * SHIRTS
i any Filmi dovel-
w •
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. New rebuilt Bicycles. $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Dukes. 625 Queen St. West, Toronto.
ftU the beauty and durability of the ftne mohair velvet with the best features of other types of upholstery. The result of intensive research and study of car owners' requirements, this revolutionary fabric has a smooth, suede-like surface which is as handsome in appearance as it is soft and comfortable to ride upon, Jt can be kept fresh Indefinitely, for it can actually be washed with soap and water, and its durability will provide of service equal to that of
MEN'S SHIRTS, WHITE. STRIPED patterns. English broadcloth, attached or separate collars, sizes 13 to 17%. $1.50. Ties, 3 for $1.00. Davids. 179 Craig West. Montreal.
#
Tor-
Plioto
Pox
1**1 rgeat
A#
onto. Finisher»-
CATTI.E
FREE SILKY ENLARGEMENT
I’HINTIM.
DVAL-rURPUSE SHORTHORN Bulls also Iieifer Calves, accredited, high production. Bayside Farm, Owen Sound, Ont.
A TT ENTJÜN
HOUSEX * VICK— Know your Preserve* ut.J Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c. 600 Labels 25c postpaid Lev.', Printing, Station H, Toronto, L. nada.
MOUNTED IN EASEL BACK mount with every roll received and 8 deckle edge Velox prints 25c. 10 reprints 26c. Your favourite snapshot enlarged, coloured, mounted In leatherette frame 39c. Royal Photo Service, Box 6, Station F. Toronto.
Beefsteak Can’t
Abolish Shiner
CHRISTMAS CARD*
SPECIAL WALK OF DO 4
SEND FUR THE CELEBRATED "Royal" sample book of Personal Cards. A beautiful selection of designs which Includes six handsome Catencurs. Entirely free. Personal Cards, $1.00 per dozen up. Big Commissions and Prem. lums. Increased values and extra free cards for early orders. Very attractive Boxed «'aid assortments. Experience «>i capital un necessary. Orders Uv-,xi .vm d within 24 hrs. of tei eipl i ill; Ished over 27 Year». Royal t'lild siting Company, PU. Box Uuo, Montreal.
3 BLUE TICK FEMALES, 3 OLD tymc Black and Tans, o.«» pure bred Walker female, 6 Restored
* Boston Ter: era. 1
these and 1 vliorty.
Government scientists last week aimed a knockout punch at the idea that a piece of raw beefsteak is a fine remedy for a black eye. If you're unlucky enough to acquire a "shiner” and some one provides beefsteak, the scientists said the thing to do is to eat the beefsteak—and apply a cold comte your eye.
MINK*
years
the finest velvet.
It Is probable that canda cloth has a fine future ahead of it. Car owners have long wished for such a fabric — a fabric, more-over, that to Inherently distinctive, yet rugged as any upholstery material so far available
Beagle.*».
Wire Haired Terrier. A doge are proven Motl. right every way. J. L Campbellford, Oitfniio.
FINE DARK. EASTERN QUEBEC Mink, kltta or proven breeders, prolific strain, reasonably priced. Visit or write. Ufighlvn Mink It neb,
I IKE* A NII IIIUYGLKS FOH * ALB
MONEY IN MINK. WE HAVE A SE lect herd of large dark mink. Our males guaranteed. Reasonable terms. Stan Daly, Smith Falla, Ontario.
*2 UP. GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles. HO up. Write fer bar. gain price Bat. Toronto T:re. 1*5 Dundss West, Toronto.
’39
Issue No. 36
pre

###PAGE###3###
•»

Britain. Mr. Reynolds is wearing a miniature mask protecting hi# nose these days. He is one of those distressingly affected during this season of the year by hay fever.
Shuttle Bombing” Can Be Done By These British Planes
Gas Mask Helps
Stop Hay Fever
Huge Telephone System In Russia
i

I toy S. Reynolds known to hockey fans and players throughout Western Ontario as “Smok-• y ** and manager of the Chatham Public Utilities system Is going about his duties looking like A. K R emergency worker 1n
Six Thousand Miles of Equipment Sent From Britain
“Srnokey" bought the mask last year and It helped him a lot In warding off Irritation of floating pollen and hai again donned the apparatus.

A British firm has Just shipped to Russia the last consignment of equipment for the world’s longest carrier telephone system, which will run for nearly 9,000 kilometres (about 6.000 miles) crossing Siberia and covering practically the on-lire breadth of the U H R It.
it will give direct communication between Moscow and Khabarovsk, which Is near the Manrh-ukuo border, north of Vladivostok; till» enormous distance will be covered by an open wire line, divided into five links of 2.117 kilometres, 1,443 kilometres, 1.S67 mllometres, 990 kilometres, 2,111 kilometres,
1
an
i
1----------------------
| This Curious World
¦ •--------------------
By William Ferguson
i
nr

a i.

«•vt
/ J
r
iv'y.w


^ «Si

I


V,


(k
>
?v^.,:,
¦
1>K

T




respectively


Special Apparatus
Specially designed transmission apparatus which will make it possible to operate several telephone and telegraph circuits simultaneously and, in addition, a channel for broadcasting or picture transmission. are included In the con-

4




1
!

s


V
0
z
>


€
_ »m?
pfll
mimMÈ
1
S


' ¦ £
%


<<
l
tract.
Standard Telephones and Cables Limited, of London, were given the contract for the work at a figure exceeding £300.090
O

0
i ,etured in flight here are a few of the type bombing planes which can be used in Great Britain to burnt* German military points in the event of aggression on Poland. The planes can take-off from I*tench basth haded with bombs which they can drop on Germany, fly on to Poland where they can refuel and reload and again bomb Germany on the way home. These planes have a flying radius with full bombing load < f more than 3,000 miles.


Close their shells on the feet ^ vv \
OF DIVERS, AND NOTHING LESS THAN /VLA A CROWBAR CAN REUEASE THE	^
/A
Largest Aircraft Order In History
Teach Children To Enjoy Music
there were many in the assembly that had not sanctified themselves: therefore the Levites had the charge of killing the passovers for
that was not clean, to
VICTIM
cop* 1»J7 a< nc« stevirt inc
Sunday
School
Lesson

$100,000,000 Contracts For
Army Planes


&
every one sanctify them unto Jehovah.
Let us never think that a real revival can ever he had unless it m characterized by a return to that great and final sacrifice Lamb of God, who is the eternal propritiation for our sins, and by whose precious blood atonement was forever provided for all who would confess their sins and re-the gift of eternal life.
18. For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim .and M a nasse h, Issachar and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written. For Heze-kiah had prayed for them, saying, The good Jehovah pardon every 19. that setteth his heart to
)
\
X
Children Will Respond to Stories Behind Compositions

Tho United Slates VVur Department awards contracts this month approximately worth of airplanes, the largest single aircraft order in history.
The contrasts, together with previous awards amounting to $54,000000, form a major part of a $170,000,000 air expansion program designed to bring army fighting strength to 5,500 planes by July 1, 1941. The present Air Force numbers about 2.000 craft.
Appointment of War Resources The awards followed by less than 24 hours a joint Army-Navy move to enlist the aid of leading business men and scholars in molding American industry to the rigid requirements of war. Acting Secretary of War Louis Johnson and Acting Secretary of the Navy Charles Edison announced the appointment of a War Resources Board, similar to the Great War Industries Board, to assist in mobilizing economic resources in the event that national safety is being threatened.
f
l
^ /•»

$100,000,000

for
the
IT IS EST/MATED THAT RODENTS, INSECTS, AND OTHER. WILD LIFE LEAVE ONLY
MORB
than
2 BILLION LBS.^t
OF COFFEE ARE ^
CONSUMED ANNUALLY THROUGHOUT THE WORJUD.
Ilhymi Jamieson, music critic for the Vancouver Daily Province, suggests a manner in which he believes children could he lured more read Ilf from baseball fields to piano lessons.
Most of the present-day teachers make the mistake, he believes, of treating their younger pupils as students, rather than as children. Children, he says, miss the fun and laughter of their games while they are taking their lessons and for that reason they think they hate music.
Instead, they should he taught that music itself contains fun and laughter; that there are fairy stories and other stories in music as well as in literature.
“Once we get to that point of view." he believes, “the musical childhood of Canada is safe, but if don’t, the mortality will steadily Increase.”
HEZEKIAHi A KING WHO REMEMBERED GOO —
2 Chron. 30.
Printed Text, 2 CHron. 30:13-22%
Golden Text.—Turn us again, 0 God: Mid cause thy face to shine, and wt «hall be saved. Ps. 80:3.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
—Hezekiah ascended the thront of Judah in 715 B.C., and it was not long after this when he bt;an making preparations for the gi eat passover feast of which our lesson speaks.
P act.—Jerusalem.
CCI vc
î 1
GIANT clams often attain a weight of several hundred pounds and have a diameter of several feet. Lying in the water, with shellj slightly ajar, the creature presents a most formidable trap, and more than one man has been held in the vise-like grip to drown in the returning tide.
Tint
one
seek God, Jehovah, the God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary hearkened to Hezekiah and healed
1
EUROPEAN DIVA
20. And Jehovah
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle
1 A former great opera star.
9 She is French |p
12 Spigot 16 She has reached *
The Passover Feast
The first great feast in the Hebrew calendar of sacred festivals was the passover, which combined in it the idea both of sacrifice (in reality, the sin-offering) and festival, for with it was joined the feast of unleavened bread. It was instituted in Egypt on the fourteenth of Nisan, the first month of the sacred year (Exod. 12: 2).
d it was at once the sign and seal of Israel’s protection from judgment and redemption from bo Adage. The main feature of it was the lamb slain and the sprinkling of the blood on the lintels and door-posts of the Hebrew houses. This was God’s solemn pledge of safety and immunity from the messenger of death, the angel destroyer. Jehovah's word to the people about the blood was, “When 1 see the blood, I will pass over you, and there shall no plague be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt” (Exod. 12:13, Revised Version )
the people. The king recognizing the ritualistic unfitness of many to observe the passover, brought the entire matter to God, and asked pardon for all who had approached the altar without complying with all the laws for purification. A sin of ignorance in the case of some. The king’s prayer was successful.
21.	And the children of Israel that were present at Jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness; and the I.evites and the priests praised Jehovah clay by day, singing with loud instruments unto Jehovah. For three hundred years in Israel’s history, i.e., since the days of David (1 Chron. 25:7), we do not find a single reference to singing among the people of God until the revival that occurred under Hezekiah.
The feast of unleavened bread was a continuation of the passover and followed it on the next day, and continued for a week. From the beginning of the passover all leaven was rigorously banished from the houses of the Hebrews. So strict was the law that the Jews made search for leaven with lighted lamp, that no particle of it might remain concealed.
22.	And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all the Levites that had good understanding in the service of Jehovah. So they did eat throughout the feast for the seven days, offering sacrifices of peace-offerings, and making confession to Jehovah, the God of their fathers.
IM
a
EME
age

AiDMV E
19 Doomed

s
wo
by
m ism
fliriy il
21 Anger.
23 Curved line. 25 Headland.
____26 Poems.
cjpl 27 To telegraph.
29	Molten rock
30	Single things.
31	Window part
36	Awn.
37	Lyre-shaped.
38	Time.
42	Fabric.
43	Owner of an estate.
I
i
13	Lubricant.
14	Fence bar.
15	Opera melody
16	Enormous.
17	Mental image.
13 Sloping auto drives.
V
TE
tu
NOTES
? t
fîi isniJHM 8j «asraa m
aws8p i=wi tinmwt
¦a@n wwfrMM aaise
aijiflMtia ¦ 1»™ iwiejrjwti

a»
NEWS
AND
20 Insnarcs
22 Stream demon \\ '"disposed
43 Brittle.
" 47 Alleviates.
51 Assam
silkworm.
32	Trust worth! *	53 Sour.
54 An angora
33	Genus of frogs ^ Tidy.
34	Withered. % ^ind^f nu,
glorious voice.
58 She is now
VERTICAL
2	To groan.
3	Haze.
4	Type of singing voice. 44 Night
5	Covering of a seed.
6	Boys.
7	To emulate.
8	Enthusiasm
9	To sell.
10 Babylonian
By MADGE ARCHER
24 She won as “Carmen. 28 To run away
house will begin over the Columbia network and CFKB on Sunday, September 10, at 8 p.m....
TO BE HEARD Farm Broadcasts CFRB 1.05
Farm
THEATRE ON THE RADIO
Beginning in October, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation plans to co-operate with and assist Martha Allen in the development of radio dramatizations by the Montreal Repertory Theatre over the national networks of the Dominion, it was announced in Ottawa last week.
Miss Allen, who is director of the Montreal Repertory Theatre is negotiating for the exclusive rights to dramatize all novels of Lord Tweedsmuir. “If the nego-tations are successfully concluded we will consider the dramatizing of them over our trans-Canada hook-up as soon as the productive capacity of her artists is shown,“ CBC officials said.
NOTES AND NEWS
Edward G. Robinson will resume his racket-busting role of Steve Wilson when “Big Town" series returns to the Columbia network on Tuesday, September 19 from 8 to 8:30 p.m. and over
CFRB ....... Texaco	Star Theatre
will return to the Columbia network with Kenny Baker, Ken Murray and Frances Langford from Hollywood and a half hour dramatization from New York on Wednesday, September 13 at 9 p.m..... Orson Welles drama-
tizations for the Campbell Play-
45	One who frosts cakes.
46	Row.
48	Since.
49	Anything steeped.
50	Organ of hearing.
52 Musical note
ness
p.m. Mondays to Fridays Broadcasts CBL 1.30 p.m. Mon days to Saturdays 8, 10.30 p.m. CBS, WKBW, Be lieve It or Not Ripley tember 9, 3 pin. CBL, Scar borouh Nights WKBW Your Hit Parade
35 Oat grass
37 To shrink
39	Meaner.
40	Year.
September
god
Sep
11 Brink
Redemption by the solemn lesson and the
blood
.centre) truth in the passover. The jed that the first-born of
9 p.m., CBS
I
la m b
each Hebrew family might not die.
The typical character of the passover is distinctly recognized in the New Testament: “For even our passover is sacrificed ' (I Cor. 5:7). The lamb
15
September 10, 3 p.m. CBS, CFRB Columbia Sym Can. Gren. Guards Band
8	p.m. NBC, CBI
Sanborn Hour .....
CFRB, Orson Welles CBS, WGR Ford Summer Hour .. 10.30 p.m. CBS, WKBW H. V Kaltenborn CBS, CFRB, Lux Radio Theatre ..
9	p.m. NBC, WFBR, Magic Key
...	10 p.m. CBL, Contented
Sept. 12.	x.30 p.m.,
0 p.m. CBL,
17
Chase and
8 p.m. CBS,
9 p.m.
Chris: us
slain was the first great object held up to Israel about to be redeemed. Behold the Lamb of God, is the cry that first reaches a sin-
and a sinner’s heart. Christ and him crucified is the erne object in God’s plan
e
B
A
I
Sept. 11, 9 p.m
L
a
33
ear
ner
^4

Hour
NBC, CBL, Information Please
5
cne su; of redemption.
13. And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great as-
14. And they arose and
9 p.m. CBL, Summer Concert .......
9.30 p.m. CFRB, Treasure Trail
... Sept. 13, 8 pm.. WGR, Phil
8.30 p.m., CBL, Gold... 9.30 p.m. CBL.
Sept. 14,
Only about five per cent of the population of London, England, are said to be “greatly concerned with church-g!ing.M
2
I
Baker .... man and
8
4U
sembl
took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for took them away, and cast
Just
Percy Faith’s Music 8 p.m. NBC, WHEN Rudy Vallee
... 8.30 p.m. CBL, Serenade for
9 p.m
If anyone wants to buy natural red hair in Hollywood, he must be prepared to pay up to $80 an ounce for it.
incense
them into the brook Kidron
a city in our country is
7
Strings News .
CHI
Good
as whe
preparing for a centennial célébra-for a great home-coming, . t painted, the streets are every possible arrangeai ad e to comfortably care
tion 0:
house*
cleaned
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Ma’s Telling Him
-they've
PAINTED THE
BANISTERS '
\
ment r>
for tin hundreds and thousand who will he crowding into community, so now, that the pass-might he celebrated as God
Hezekiah had the
it’s ALL RIGHT -
POP
VOU CAN GO UPSTAIRS -
ONLY
the


iMD
• !
A
)
m
ovet would have it


<T
tv of Jerusalem purged ;?e idols.
whole of its f


0
0.
TV

Z

A Real Revival i r,en they killed the puss the fourteenth day of th<

y
fc:
l
o

i

t
over on
second month : and the priests and the I.évites were ashamed sanctified themselves, and brought burnt « ffe rings into the house of
16. And they stood in

(
i
and

m
A 6
Jehovah
then ¦ . • after their order, a. cording to the law of Moses the of God: the priests sprinkled the blood which they received of the bond of the Levites
ÜjUU
im

U(

man
I
ICofHf* 1I1Î. Tt, Boll gyn,H<at4 f„r » 4 g
17 For
###PAGE###4###
approval i
C S. Douglas 4,000 report forms .................
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 14, 1939 j.'m. aSWSbingE
THE EQUITY
$ 12 00 l :?
19 50
1	50,
2	<X>,
M oo :
7 5 ; 1 50 4 00
Here They Are, Our First
Shur-Cain Feeds
Kemtnis Elliott, work .........
Kenny Morrison, “	....
Mm. Miller, "	.....
Mis. Fraser, 14	......
Harper Rennick, repairing stove Tlios Wall, work at 12 n school Harold Reckett, contract price painting High School ...
Harold Reckett, extra for trim not specified in tender ...
Harold Beckett, contract price painting School No. 7....
Motion by Vomr Walsh, that the bills be paid.—Carried,
After discussing with the Principal the equipment and the manner of conducting Household Science in the High School the meeting adjourned.
J. A I)KAN,
Warns Against Increase Price ot Sugar
The Wartime prices and trade board Wednesday night after an emergency conference with representative sugar refiners, issued a warning that any “attempts at restriction or accumulation of supplies, or at enhancement of prices will be met with prompt action.”
‘‘There is ample sugar for all usual requirements,* a statement from the board said. “Consumers are urged to buy normally, and to proceed as usual with their seasonal canning operations '.
GARAGE
210 00
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldemobile,
Sales <—> Service
i
S 00
55 t
Fattening Mash For chickens $2.10
Hog Grower
%
Pig Starter,
SC
190
}
This Year s Wheat Crop Fourth Largest on Record
The total Canadian wheat crop of 19.19 is estimated at 449,058,000 bushels which is 99,048,000 bushels larger than the total wheat production of 1938, the i Dominion Bureau of Statistics said Friday in its first estimate of the yields of that the undermentioned LANDS and principal grain crops in Canada.
The 1939 wheat crop is the fourth largest on record, exceeding slightly the total production of 1937, and representing the heaviest production since 1928. i Canada )
Spring wheat production in 1939 Province of Ouebec I	NOTICE
Amounts to 42(5,940,000 bushels and ri<*t of Pontiac!	——
w inter wheat to 22,418,000.	No. 47S7	!	Notice to Ratepayers ofExamina-
Lieut. Col Ralston, K C	I Superior Court-Pontiac tj()n of Collection Roll
Appointed Minister oî Finance Wilmkr J. La France, labourer, of the	-	Public Notice is hereby given to all É
... .	—,	...	City °f Ottawa, in I he province of n^vinee of Unehw I	proprietors of real estate and resident £
Prime Minister Mackenzie King on Ontario, plaintiff ;	Scl.'ol lunci ml U	householder, of this Municipality, that g
Wednesday, September 6th, announced	\s.	of Vkmidm, I	the collection roll of Municipal Taxes,
th t Lieut. Loi. J. L. Ralston, K.L., 88^ R. G. Fi.ktvhkr, of Maryland, in the	'	ns established by the Municipal Council
year-old Montreal lawyer, distinguished district of Pontine, defendant.	PUBLIC NOTICE Is hereby given ' <>f Clarendon has been in.ule and com
war veteran and former minister of “Lot twelve B (12 B) in the fifth (5) to all proprietors of çeal estate and pîeted, and that it now is and will re National Defence, had been named range of the Township of Bristol, in the resident householders of this School main in my possession for inspection by Minister of Finance.	district of Pontiac, together with the Municipality, that the collection roll of parties interested, during thirty days
At the same time the Prime Minister buildings and improvements thereon.*' school taxes, as established by the from this notice, during which time it accepted the resignation of Hon. Charles To be sold at the Registrars Ofti e School Commissioners of this Munich may he amended ; any ratepayer may, Dunning, Finance Minister since the for the County of Pontiac, in the village pality, Jia< been made and completed, during the said delay, complain of such present Government was formed in of Campbells Bay, on TUESDAY, the *nd that it now is and will remain roll, which will be taken into considéra-1935, who announced his retirement | THIRD day of OCTOBER, 1939, at in my possession for inspection by lion and homologated, with or without • me weeks ago because of ill health, j TEN of the clock in the forenoon Mr. Dunning said he had definitely retired from politics but his resignation was not accepted at once.
Sec.-Treas
225
For Your
Fence
Requirements
Sheriff Sales
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RECO.
TENEMENTS have been seized, and
will be sold at the res (active times and places mentioned below.
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company's Famous Tight Lock Fencing
NOTICE
Province of Quebec \ Municipality of Clarendon/
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you We have a good assortment at present.
slumber.
X
x
»
J. L. HODGINS
Phone 64 J.
parties interested, during thirty days amendment, at the meeting of the d	*	-
from this notice, during which time it Municipal Council to take place on the | may be amended ; any ratepayer may. second day of October, at the place Sheriff during the said delay, complain of such where meetings are usually held at the • roll, which will be taken into consider hour of one o’clock
ZtXtZtZIZTZ'ZlZ’Z : Z! ZlZlZIZ ;/!
CHARLES RELEC,
Sheri IPs Office,
Campbell’s Hay, Que., Aug. 28th, 1939 1 [First publication, Sept. 2nd, 1939]
the afternoon ;
at ion and homologated, with or without hut such delay expired it shall come amendment, at the meeting of Commis into force and every person interested sionera to take place on the 4th day of after having taken cognisance thereof,
^irnn	j	the	desire#,	the amount
Hon. R A. F. Greenshields, 78-year-	NOTICE *	ings are usiul'y held at the hour of of taxes to the undersigned, at hi# office,
old Chief Justice of the Superior Court,	-- eight o'clock in the evening ; but	such	within	the twenty	days	following	the
condemned Monday what he described	Province of Quebec	delay expired, it shall come into	fotce	said	delay of	thirty	days,	without
as “ill-judged sentiments" expressed by j Municipality of Clarendon	and every person interested, after hav. further notice.
certain members of the provincial bar, ‘	1	ing taken cognizance thereof, if he so Given at Shawville, this second day
who, he said, had “refused to serve their Public Notice is hereby g.ven tint desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes September, 1939.
King in an hour of dire need’’.	the lists of Parliamentary Elector® for to the undersigned, at his office, within
The Chief Justice, opening the Fall	Hie Legislative	Assembly,	fur this	the twenty days following the	said
sessions of the Sui>erior Court, did not	Municipality, is	now	made	and com-	delay of thirty days without further
pleted and has been approved by the notice.
Municipal CnWil of Clarendon, at their meeting on Sept. 5th, 1939, and that copies <if these lists are now, and will remain in my possession, for the inspection of all parties interested.
Given at Shawville, Que, this 5th
Quebec Chief Justice Assails Lawyers Refusing To Serve Their King
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
JOHN A. DEAN, * Stc.-Treas.
Municipal Council of Clarendon
BEATTY PUMPS
identify the men he criticized, but it was believed he referred to lawyers who had urged from public platform that Canada take no part in the war.
“I would recall to these gentlemen that when they were admitted as members of the profession of law they took
an oath of allegiance to His Majesty the j J*y of September, 1939 King. It is indeed a strange manner I to honor that oath by refusing to serve I their King in an hour of dire need...
“It must then have come as a shock !
that some members i-
Given at Shawville, Que, this 29th day of August, 1939.
RADIOS—PhiIco radios, electric
and buttery sets, at all prives at R A. Grant's, Biistul.
JOHN A DEAN
Secretary Treasurer. School Municipality of Clarendon
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all
NOTICE-1 uMi to j that after Sept. 15th, the pi ice of 1 atave wood will be :—75 cents per cord, or $1 25 for two cord load, cash, with order.
announce
purposes.
JOHN A. DEAN,
St creht ry-Treaaurer Municipality of Clarendon
Shawville Fair September 28, 29, 30
Let us know
your requirements and
we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
Hordk.v Corrigan
and a surprise of the bar of this province should have given expression to sentiments so ill
and displaying a complete indifference to public welfare....
judged
*
m

mm
A
f.%a
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
One Hundred Million Dollars Voted for War Purposes
The War Appropriation Act submitted by Mr. Haley, the Minister of National Revenue, on Monday, for expenditure of $ 100,000,000 went through the House of Commons, committee stages and three formal readings in three hours, and then it went to the Senate hud was, passed by the Upper H i' in 10 minutes ¦¦¦¦
The main section that, to additlmvto vided at the iBF exceeding $100,000,000 is granted for defraying expenses incurred for :
“(a) The security, defence, peace, order and welfare of Canada ;
“(b) The conduct of naval, military and air oj>erations in or beyond Canada;
“(c) Promoting the continuance of trade, industry and business communications whether by means of insurance or indemnity against war risk or in any other manner whatsoever ; and
“(d) The carrying out of any measure deemed necessary or advisable by the Governor-in-Council in consequence of the existence of a state of war.”
The budget was brought down Tues-1 day, and according to radio announce- | ments special taxes were imposed tobaccos, cigarettes, tea, coffee, soft drinks, alcholie beverages and profits. The eight per cent, sales tax was not increased but extended to electricity for domestic pur looses.
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
l


JD’-:



X
v

t f
/

sMM« m
,wvv;

ffjm
\
\
MS
¥

a
mm

mv
A,
3
JVf'
o
m

ESTABLISHED 1883
'.V
1
X\A.

of the bill proves ordinary grants ;7o-session, a sum not
INVALID
COACH




GEORGE HYNES 5s SON
*5.
Directors of Funeral Service
• •
Running the “white wafers”
oi the Fraser Rarer.
1
Shawville, Que.
Cl

Phone 80
BLAZING NEW TRAILS
SIMON FRASER'S courageous adventuring
finds its modem counterpart in the industrial laboratories of today. For modem science is blazing new industrial trails continually. Moved by the common urge to develop our Dominion, this Century-old Bank is cooperating with far-sighted business men and welcomes further opportunities to serve \ Canadian industry and enterprise.
Coast to Coast in Canada
nvrovmun, Jamaica, cuba, nnro nco, Dominican
* «PUBLIC, NSW YOU, CHICAGO, BOSTON, LONDON, ENGLAND
Beattie’s Eye Service
on
Simon Fraser
The name of Simon Fr of Glengarry, is written boldly on the pages of the early Canadian history of the Pacific Northwest He t>ecame a partner in the powerful North West Company and in 1805 was placed in charge of its fur trading operations beyond the Rocky Mountains. In 1809 he explored the roclqr, rushing Fraser River which
,a native
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientist Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
.
I
Sept 6th, 1939
Clarendon School Board met on the above date, present, Chairman Hodgins and Commissioners Hobbs and Walsh.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comr Walsh.
Commissioners Nurse and Wilson entered and took their seats at the Board.
Mr. J Bergeron again appeared re garding sanitary toilets for rural Schools and after further discussion it was moved by Comr. Nurse that the Secre ta,y Treasurer write the Department, in , regard to possible grants for that purpose and wbat amount this Board might expect for each installation.-—Carried.
The following bills were presented for l
see

A A
O
0»

mm
-n,e BANK ol
W NOVA SCOTIA
*
»
I

T.T. BEATTIE,
Profession! Optometrist
O V ER A C E N *T U R V OF BA N Kl NpIeX PE RIENCE
¦h ¦'	TÊ I -gghrI
KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS



y t
'j£ * . »
Vc


N l


















4:



.4




K


4
S

>




¦
»> S < '




###PAGE###5###
• »•' , :
: - : m
______ r :/ ,, L



:v.f222S':*,'
--v











m U*
mm

** >

.VC.

. '¦«



•: J *


k
r« -M »*».

Service Announcement I
Shaw vim.k Uwitrd Church
Bkv A F. F-.kkh h. A, H.I>. PiitOr
Sunday, September 17
11.00	u.iii. Service at Shaw ville l 3u p in.—Evening Service at Zion
3.00	|>.m.—‘Service at Stark’* Corners 7,30 i». m.—Service at Shaw ville
The Equity
Quality Shoes
BelâSllshed 1883
PtMH.IMHED «VKRt THVBSUAY AT
S1IAWVILLB. QUEBEC
House Furnishings
You’ll Admire
t
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with built iu
steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75*
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada $1 50 To United States
2.00
Bristol United Church
C. ARM4TRONi>-Saî.F>, B. 1).
Sunday, September 17
St Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m. "	** Service	11.00 a.m.
Service	2 30 p. m.
Sundiy School 10 30 a. m.
7.30 p. lb.
As the days grow shorter and the Autumn Season approaches.... not so far away — we begin to think of Home Furnishings.
Brown Calf Brogue’s—A favuite style with men Good Year Solid Leather Sole
All arrears must he paid In full before any paper I» discontinued
$3.95
Knox.
Austin,
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
It
Service
You are cordially invited to visit our Furniture Parlor at any time, when you will find on display everything in Floor Coverings, Bedroom Furniture, Bedding, Living-room Furniture, including Chesterfields, Studio Couches, etc.
with
$2.85
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather leather soles. Special...............................................a.........
Minutes of Council Onslow North
ANGLICAN St. Pavl’h
Sunday, September 17
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.-~Holy Communion 7.90 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.00	p. m —Sunday School
1.30	p. in. -Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. m.—Sunday School
3.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer
Parish ok North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence in charge
Sunday, September 17
10.30—North Onslow, Morning Prayer 2 30—Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer
i
September 5th, 1939 Regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township of Onslow, North, was held on the above date. Present :	Andrew Daley, Mayor, and
Councillors Vallillee, Armilage and Martineau.
Motion—Crs Armitage and Martin That minutes of August 7th, 1939, as read, be adopted.—Carried.
Motion—Crs Vallillee and Martineau —That Patrick Sheehan be granted an extension of ten diye on the terms of sale of lota, part of Lot 17, Range 13.— Carried.
Letter of H. I. Smith, SecTreas. of Bristol presented.
Motion by Crs. Vallille-Armitage, that Paul Philippe be authorized to purchase one half box of dynamite, caps and fuse same to be used on his division, labour to be furnished free. —Carried.
Letter of Paul Philippe presented.
Motion by Crs. Vallille-Armitage, that Jas. H. Dougherty, Rural Inspt lie authorized to examine and report the p-visibilities and probable cost t<T construct a public road to connect public road known as the Little Creek road with public road on the 12th Range at Lots 26 or 27, the Sec Tress, to accompany the Rural Inspector on said tiip, also to examine and report conditions on present road at Lots 23 and 26— ( arried. .
Motion by Crs Martineau-Vallillee, that Andrew Daley, Mayor, and Andrew Farrell, Sec Treas interview the road engineer with regard to expenditure of AO—50 and report to this Council at next session.—Carried.
Motion—Crs Martineau and Arndt-age—That this Conned adjourn until October 6th, 1939, at one o'clock in the afternoon.—Carried.
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and «work
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
Phone 43
eau
New Pall Patterns
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Cold Seal Congoleum Rugs and Congoleum Cold Seal by-the-yard

/#
Pentecostal Baptismal Service
Beautiful new patterns of Barroleum by the yard two yards wide
Rockfelt, two yds. wide 50e
A large range of patterns to
choose from
PRINTING

The Pentecostal Congregation of Stark * Corner» and district will hold an Open Air Watei Baptism a I Service at Sand Bay, on Sunday, September 17th, at 2.20 p.m. Sj>ecial singing and speaking. All welcome. Pastor A. Downing.
*7
75c
*
»
*
Rsmember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Farm for Sale '
Wei! Improved Farm, being Lot 11 on the 4th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 60 acres more or less, four miles south of Shawville. For further particulars apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
R. R. No. 2, Shawville, Que.
Simmons’ Bed Outfits and Bedding

wr
•> -
Phone 88-83
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements Posters Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
South Onslow Council


• -
in
Qtiyon, Sept. 5th, 1939 gular meeting of the Municipal il held on above date at the usual
J
A re Counci
place of meeting. Members present : Ambrose Kennedy, Mayor, and Councillors Smiley and Westbrook. There not b.dng a quorum present the Council adjourned to meet October 2nd, 1939.
Jos. A. Steele
!
W
i
gr*i «tv
El ul
Andrew Farrell,
Trees

11
1
I

l

t
Sea Piracy Attempted
In America During 1870
Freebooters were believed to have long since vanished from American waters when a short-lived attempt to bring back the days of plunder and piracy wis made on the western coast of Mexico in May. 1870.	,
Would-be buccaneers seized the merchant ship Forward, and followed this action by raiding the custom house at Guaymas, forcing the foreign merchants to pay them large sums of money and compelling the American consul to supply coal for the vessel,
When he learned of this outrage. Commander U>w of the U. S S. Mohican, then cruising in those waters, took immediate action Soon a game of hide and seek began between the Americans and the elusive craft. Eventually it was learned that the raideis were in the vicinity of Boca Tea c a pa n where they proposed to land.their plunder.
Commander Low ordered a landing force of United States marines and bluejackets to proceed up the river in six boats for the purpose of bringing the marauders to terms. Forty miles from Boca Teacupan they discovered the Forward aground and heading inshore.
Immediately the marines and sailors climbed aboard without opposition and arrested six members of her crew. At this moment o boatload of pirates attempted to leave the ship, and efforts to intercept them were met with a burst of fire from the shore which killed one man and wofinded several others.

I
S/Â

%

>x
Sec.-Treas
Bristol Council
The real kind, right from the Manufacturers ; better than any Catalogue House advertizes.
Sept. 5th, 1939
Regular session of the Municipal Council held on above date. Present, Mayor McLellan and Councillors Duff, Fitzsimmons, Henderson, McNeill and Orr.
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of Orr and Fitzsimmons were adopted.
A letter was read from »SouFh Onslow giving their expenditure on the Town-
If you are in the market this Fall for House Furnishings, it will pay to visit our Furniture Parlor ;
you
the most modern and up-to-date Show Room in the County of Pon-
Motion by Henderson-Duff, that this Council instruct their Road Foreman to pMceed with the building of the Kehoe
bridge—Carried.
Motion by Duff Henderson, that the Road Foreman of Division No. 35 be tified to proceed with the repairing of Todd's hill at an early date as the road division will be held responsible for any accidents that may occurr—Carried.
| A letter was read from Herridge, Gowliiig, Martavish and Watt. No action taken.
Motion by McNeill-Henderson, that | this Council pay H. H. Walsh #50.00 for half an acre of land and fence taken from his property last fall—Carried.
Councillor Fitzsimmons gave notice that he will at the next regular meeting of this Council introduce a By-Law imposing a tax on every dollar cf tax-““ able property in this Municipality.
222" A complaint came to the Board re. * Ireland’s hill Motion by Fitzsimmons and Orr, that the Road Foreman be notified to have this hill repaired.
A report came to the Board rz. the condition of the Black Pond hills ; it . was agreed that the Road Foreman be ^ notified to make this road passible. I Motion by Henderson-Fitzsimmons, that the following bills be approved and
paid :	j
Zagerman & Company, cable #30 00 Jas O’Malley, 70 yards of gravel 7 00
35 yard of sand 3 50 40 " " " 4 00
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
tiac.
t no
!
• •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
S I

* I
Pickling and Preserving Necessities
Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
“ pints
i
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
$1.00
i 6
**
ii
25 cts.
«
a
Zink Rings Rubber Rings ^XX Pickling Vinegar, per gal. 40 “
Picklirg Spice, 4 oz. pkg.

06 “
a
«<

Roy 6. 'Fraser
Gifu,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 888
„ Unknown to the* Americans the wily pirates had prepared a veritable ambush by landing about -170 men with artillery and rifles where they could rake the vessel from stem to stern with their fire
Unable to release the grounded vessel or to rout the raiders with their limited forces, the naval party promptly set the ship afire and blasted it with shrapnel before returning to the Mohican, thus ending an abortive attempt to revive the profession of piracy in those waters.	„
10 " 05 " 10 “ 28 “
55 “
15 «
School
Supplies
6>	44	44
44
44
Novelties
Flowers,
Mustard, pure, bulk, i lb. Keen’s Mustard,
tin
44 44
Phone 160
4 “ “
u
a
M
Inks
Parawax, per pound
Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed, Cassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
i
MMMMi >•««•(•
Om don Orr,
Henry Lucas,
Mrs. R. Kuweit 88 41 14 Ray McCaffrey, 24	“	41
Mai Drummond, 6	“
Mrs F. Kelly, 137 44 44 R J. Ireland,
E. Pirie,
T. J. Trudeau,
The* Gallagher 62 44 44 Peter Moyies 84 44 14
P W<
Tboe. Stephens 26 44 44 Stephen Bell 4 44 “earth John Armitage, 17 yards of gravel 170 Geo Hermans, hauling road oil 20 25 Harold Campbell, hauling gravel 46 00
ft 00
Pens,
Pencils,
Scribblers,
Note Books, Fountain Pens, Eversharpe Pencils
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage. On orders of #1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of #5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
ti
k
44
2 40
44
60
44
13 70
42	44 44
44
4 20

44
32	14 44
29	44 41
3 20
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
: ' i" i ' ' ^ -r VjS } '
64
2 90
44
6 20
1 00 ‘hour for a nine hour day—Carried.
Motion by Henderson-McNeill, that the wages of all single men who work on the McKee-Weirstead road be held on their Parent's taxes if their Parents owe taxes and the young men are living at home and that a copy of this resolution be sent to the foreman—Carried.
ro
44
8 40
Motion by Henderson-McNetV, that 2 èo after 1939 this Board pay 5 cents per cubic yard for gravel, *and and fill.
Motion by Orr Fitzsimmons, that the grant of #2150 for the McKee-Weirstead id be accepted and that Geo. A Finlan be appointed foreman, over this BIP 7 W) wor|^ Wftgea to be as follows : foreman adjourned r r°a ?2 38 95 cents per hour labourers 20 cents per
hour and man _ and team 25 cents per j	|
8 44 44
80
40
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through
(Fenerations
THE CORNER STORE
mad 11 p.m.
Geo. E Lucas, labour on road..
J. McCauley, Tal]»nwir|||||||||||||||||||||||||
Twolao, cedars ...
Wm. M < (juaig, lafflHHI
H. I Smith, spikes, etc ......
Sherwood Henderson, use of lan-
r<
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
SHAWVILLE.
On motion of Cr. Duff the meeting
road..
4 47

T

K)ur f
H. I. Smith,
SHAWVILLE FAIR September 28, 29, 80
QUE.

Treas.
n
SHAWVILLE - QUE
V W
\ ?

###PAGE###6###
m.

A*,
HOUSE OF SHADOWS 1 ^00.000 People
Visited Quints
onion and salt ten minutes. Pour over the well-beaten eggs, stirring constantly, cooking In double boiler until mixture coats the spoon. Then pour over Jelly powder, ‘stirring well. Let „ stand until cool. Beat with dorer beater until fluffy. Whip cream and fold Into the mixture. Pour Into a wet mould and chill When ready to serve, unmould on shredded lettuce served with boiled salad dressing. Garnish with sprigs of mint or parsley. Serves 8. The green pepper can be added just before the whipped cream. Some prefer It without BAKED EGG AND TOMATO (Luncheon Dish)
THE WORLD’S
LARGEST SELLING
T
T
* by Ida R. Gleason
© if)6 NtA $•#*<•, tec
A
A
SYNOPSIS
CLAIRE FOSOICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LY* MAN FOSOICK. Claire it trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car la wrecked by a log Scrota the road. PAT MAGAN, an $ld friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house where EB SPRATT and hit Slater, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
Claire sees a curious arrow carv-•d on the wall of an upstairs bedroom and, lamp In hand, follow# the arrow to the cupola. A noiseless bullet shatters the lamp.
The men search the house and grounds but find no owe.
Eb, who has been with Dan at the tool house, fails to appear at breakfast. Bob goes for him and return blood stains
she was young, quite a dashing figure in the mad whirl of the mining camp. That was why Eb had grown sour and snappy, holding the rein on her. Hannah had told her that much, and even Daddy had smiled when she asked htm once about the woman.
She's all right, daughter. Used to be inclined to be a little flighty, I guess, but Lyman always said that anyone who could make waffles like Susie had a right to a fling now and then. She made him very comfortable, so he winked at her little fallings."
Supposing Susie had found out more about Lyman Fosdlck’a affairs than anyone knew and was using her knowledge now to her own advantage? Claire determined to question her later.
Her thoughts turned to Eb. Was he lying, stark and bloody, somewhere this very minute? Claire shuddered, even while she reminded herself that she never had liked the man, with his sanctimonious ways and thin, ugly mouth. When she was little, she would circle all around the place where he was working, so as not to have to speak to him. His long nose and stern, piercing eyes had reminded her of the ogre In her fairytale books.
She turned the leaves of the book In her lap absently. Then her uncle's neat handwriting net her eye, and she looked at It with closer attention. She had never heard that Uncle Lyman wrote poetry himself, but here was evidently an orginal verse.
Deep In the mountain depths I
Over Period of Four Years the Dionne Five Have Proved a Great Tourist Attraction I*
L
B
TE*

K
L
» MM El lira
. I liSTIICTIIfE
' LABELS

£
S
The Dionne quintuplets, now five years and four months old, each year are proving more and more an attraction to tourists. Official estimates show that in the past four years some 1,600,000 persons have viewed their childish antics in the playground of their nursery home, Dafoe Hospital.
By the end of 1938, the number of visitors to the nursery will have risen to more than 3,000,000 according to estimates of Dr. A. R Dafoe, personal physician to the quints since their birth May, *8th, 1934. Keith Munro, business manager for Cecils, Annette, Yvonne, Emilie and Marie, said 500,000 persons each year watch them at play.
2,000,000 By End of 1939 "We only keep track of the number of visitors in the » summer months,” said Munro. "But many view the quints In the spring and fall months. We estimate 500,000 people are viewing the children annually and by the end of this year the number of people probably will run over 2,000,000."	-	%
Through Glass Screen The quinta* playground adjoins their hospital home across the road from the home of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Oliva Dionne. Visitors enter a horsehoe gallery, and watch the girls through a glass screen. The quints can hear the spectators but are unable to see them through the wire mesh Inside the glass.
I
m
By SADI- b. CHAMBERS
i
TOMATOES AND VITAMINS
Every homemaker includes on her regular list "Canned tomatoes and tomato Juice." The tomato, full of energy giving and health-building properties, offers probably the most economical source of vitamin supply we have. It has made a d» elded success In Its pioneering all through the trail of vegetables and fruits, and now holds a place of honor In almost every household. It may well look down from its pinnacle and smile on the world, for It holds an Important place on any course of a menu, wherever you choose to place It. While it is an economical substitute for the orange It should not wholly take its place, for It Is not quite as complete In the vitamin content as the Southern fruit.
For tomato juice, pick thoroughly vine-ripened fruit. If partially green, a slightly bitter taste Is the result. Stem and core the tomatoes. Place on stove In a covered kettle. Heat slowly to boiling for 40 minutes. Pass through a sieve and boll five minutes. To each pint Jar add H teaspoon salt and H teaspoon sugar. Sterilize for 10 minutes In steamer or oven.
TOMATO CONSERVE 12 tomatoes (large)
6 poaches 1 orange
1 cup seedless raisins Wash and scald tomatoes, peel, cut up. removing seeds. Bll. Peel peaches and wash orange, having also washed the raisins through the food chopper the peaches, orange, and raisins. Place the tomatoes In kettle, boll for % hour, then add the peaches and raisins. Boll for 15 minutes move from heat, measure, and for every cup of Juice, add \ cup of white sugar. Return to heat, boil for % hour, stirring frequently. Then place In jelly glasses and cover with paraffin.
TOMATO JELLY (SALAD)
2 cups tomato 4 egg yolks
1 teaspoon chopped onion 1 pkg. of strawberry jelly powder 1 cup finely chopped celery 1 chopped green pepper 1 cup whipping cream % teaspoon salt.
Cook the tomatoes, celery and
u»le"’s LScSSJS
todi» Tw pen i. LABEL	I't'rkT* fort ta»
33c % EgSC"1—*
Upton's
RED
1 cups tomatoes
4 eggs
1 teaspoon chopped onion
1 cup grated cheese
i
Salt and Pepper \	*
% cup dried bread crumbs Pour tomatoes in baking dish, break eggs on tomatoes. Cover with cheese, add seasonings. Then sprinkle breadcrumbs oa top, dot with butter. Bake yntll egge set and crumbs browned. Serves 4
ORIHGE Eii'EE
LA•**-	and flavour for
35c lb.
UptOn's Iiptoo’i Fine
HELLO III
WU». fptsus
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I it famous the world
over
• • •
Y our Household Problems
with Eb’s cap, showing
i
Dan was dispatched for firewood, and, as the door closed behind him, Pat looked steadily at the housekeeper. "What do you know about that man. Miss Spratt? Were he and Eb on good terms?"
The woman jerked around. "And whatcha mean? You ain't insinuatin’—"
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interest-menu? Do your cakes fall? ¦PU enclosing a sta ed, self-addressed envelope Mis» Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to aolve your problema.
hui •'¦kiuKMfitd TEA
Thi
“fit roe A erne-
en write,
%
Ships Sailings
Being Cancelled
"I'm not insinuating anything," Pat’s tone was suddenly grim. "But we may find your brother murdered and Dallas was the last person who saw him. If you know anything at all about this that might throw any light on this thing. I'd advise you to spill it right now|||||||||||| have ways of finding out things you	¦¦ggg^B
"The police
Hi» Majesty's Government of Great Britain have requisitioned several of the Cunard White Star vessels, requiring the cancelling of a number of ships' sailings. The following ships will not sail; “Aar-ania," westbound, Sept. 1, earl-bound, Sept 15, from Montreal; “Ascania,” westbound, Sept. S, eastbound from Montreal, Sept. 22; "Scythia," westbound, Sept. 1, eastbound from New York, Sept. 15; "Britannic," westbound, Sept. 1, eastbound from New York, Sept. 16. Passengers booked for these departures may be given the opportunity of transferring to other sailings, if space is available.
Handy Hint#
When a house is being done up, paint is often spilled on the doorstep, and is sometimes found very difficult to remove. In that case make a strer* solution of potash, and wash the step, leaving the solution to soak in. In a short time the paiat will become soft and can be washed off with soap and water. Then use cold water. Paint which has been left on for some time will yield to this treatment.
lie
The arrow broken In my breast. Wedded pines above me sigh.
To mark the end of earthly quest."
She turned several more pages, but there didn't seem to be any more^tauzas. A sudden peat of thunder crashed through the room. The girl started nervously and. running to the window, pulled back the heavy velvet curtains. The clouds that had piled up on the horizon early In the morning now threatened a deluge. She hurried out of the house to where Pat and Dan were digging near the cupola.
"Find anything?" she asked.
"A crick in our backs." Pat then
And that the roots
Silk And Wool Combine Forces
The police
Susie crumpled back Into the chair. "Oh. you ain't goin' to turn Dan over to the police are you?"
"Not if we can straighten things out ourselves."
Put
Texture Contrast That !• New an/ Attractive
Designers have done interesting things In the way of texture contrasts, that is. silky texture with woollens. Molyneux gave them this idea and It works out very well for the transitional first fall costumes. This couturier developed the texture contrast theme In separate dresses, as well as In Jacket ensembles and In dresses. Slim effects are gained by showing slender Inserts of satin on crepe dresses, extending from neckline to hem and giving the impression of gores. The combination of taffeta and lightweight woollen Is attractive, as done by Molyneux, the wool used for the jacket and skirt, «the tatter expressing width In pleated godets of taffeta, which also makes the blouse. These fabric workings, j of course. Immediately suggest i others —velvet with crepe or wool, faille and moire with wool, and satin with wool. It Is the sMff silky fabric with wool that gives the particularly new look.
Re
For a minute Susie did not answer. Then her full lips tightened into a hard line. "Dan never had nothin* to do with it. I'm tellin* you. How do you know Eb didn't just happen to remember thing he wanted down in the vll lage and go after it?
"That's right, Pat
One cup peanut butter, % cup mashed banana, lemon juice.
Cauliflower is just as taste-sat* fying raw as it is cooked. Next time you plan to have oooked cauliflower as a vegetable, but one a little larger than you need, save some of the nice flowerets to store in your hfdritor for use in a crisp salad next day.
Along about Wednesday, if the family is pretty small, the end of Sunday's roast looks monotonous indeed. Grind it up, combine with any leftover bits of vegetables waiting to be used, some breadcrumbs, minced onion and green pepper, & little water to moisten, seasonings, and stuff large ripe tomatoes, from which the centres have been scraped. Top with grated cheese and bake.
some
Girl Guides Camp At Rothesay, N.B.
straightened from the tree are all over the place. Seem to run even under the house. It's a wonder they haven't weakened that foundation.
“Maybe that's what Eb thought, and he started this hole to find out for himself." suggested Lan Dallas.
“It's possible," conceded Pat. "A1-* though why he'd take time before breakfast for such research Is not
agreed Bob. "How about my going to see if 1 can find him?"
. Some 260 Girl Guides and leaders of various ranks from all the provinces of Canada met In Rothesay, New Brunswick, last month for the national camp of Girl Guides to commemorate 30 years of guiding in Canada. The camp site, on the delegates' arrival, was boggy and muddy due to heavy rainfall for 24 hours, and the official welcome, compfire and other highlights of the opening day were transferred to the large gymnasium of the Rothesay Collegiate School.
“Okay, if yiu’re willing ed Pat
more digging in that hole by the cupola wall. I'll get Dallas- to help me and we ought to be able to find out what’s there — if anything."
Rcminisoences
Dan came in then with the wood. After the fire had been started and the men had gone. Claire sent Susie back to the kitchen. The girl wanted to be alone to think things over.
She wandered about the library, and finally sat down before the old-fashioned bookcase. The books had been willed to her by Uncle Lyman, but had never been moved from their place in the Horse of Long Shadows.
Claire took down a small red volume near her. Poems. Her uncle had been fond of poetry. There was another copy of the verses of this same obscure poet in the bookcase In Lyman Fosdick’s room upstairs. “Jewels of Verse." Idly she turned the pages, her mind going back to the happenings of the last few hours. What evil threat hung over this place, striking three times In such a short space of time? Could it be anyone connected with the household? There was friction between Eb and his sister at times, she knew, but not enough to warrant murderous attempts on the lives of people.
Did someone else know about Lyman Fosdick’s hidden jewels, and was that person trying to frighten them away from the search? Could Dan Dallas have fired those mysterious shots the night before? Why had Pat's questions about Dan aroused Susie to such fierce denial? Just what sort of a woman was Susie? Claire had always taken her for granted, just as she had reliable aid Hannah at home. Claire knew that Susie had been very gay when
answer-I 11 go out and do some
clear
Smart School Suit
Younger Crowd Favorite
“Eb always did things when he thought of them." remarked Susie, who had come out with a yellow slicker w h i c h she folded about Claire’s shoulders. She stood looking curiously down into the hole. "It would be like Eb to start a hole here and then rush off to the village to get something to cut the roots with. That’s likely Just where he's gone now." She seemed to get an immense satisfaction out of her own explanation.
" Ye all ! But that don't tell why he left his cap behind smeared all over with blood spots. Miss Spratt." answered Pat.
Susie flashed him an angry look. "Eb might a whanged bis head or soemthing when he was leanln’



Pears, more than any other fruit, are affected by temperature changes, temperature being held to be the most important single factor relating to their handling, particularly in cold storage.

A useful cabinet for the bathroom. It’s made from an old wooden box covered with checked oilcloth, and will hold odds and ends like extra tablets of soap, talcum powder and so on. Cover the sides and top with one piece of oilcloth, fastening with colored drawing-pins; tack another piece across back, and put on two front pieces curtain-fashion on a length of tape.	r
It is a good plan to put in a piping-cord when • hemming the sides of short curtains; this prevents that stretching and consequently having the untidy, sagging appearance they usually have when washed.
Many Marriages Said Fraudulent

7
Judge Says Every Marriage Is Based To A Certain Extent On Misrepresentation

Outside Closets
KEPT CLEAN
this EASY way
v
Circuit Judge Frank C. O'Malley of St. Louis, believes every marriage le based on frau 1 — more yr less, lu an annulment hearing m woman plaintiff testified that her husband had misrepresented Intentions before their marriage and that he married her for her money.
3337
sizes
6 t. 14
over
He might, Susie," agreed Dan Dallas. "And then again, maybe he didn’t."
his
"Well, anyway, I ain't stayin' here to get soaked. Claire, you better come on in. too." Susie turned on her heel. "Say. there’s Eb cornin' now. No it ain’t, It They all turned to see a woman running wildly up the steep path that led to the house.
"Why, It’s Hannah!" exclaimed Claire, hurrying forward to meet

Best Foot Forward In taking the case under advisement, Judge O’Malley commented:
"If I granted an annulment in every case in which there was misrepresentation before marriage. I’d be doing nothing else. Every marriage Is based more or less on a fraud. A person always puts his best foot forward."
TPO banish offensive outhouse X odors ... just sprinkle half a tin of Gil left’s Pure Flake Lye over contents of the closet—once a week. No need to remove the contents . . . Gillett’s does it for you.
Gillett’s Lye will save your time... sa vc your energy in heavy cleaning. It scours dirty pots and pans... clears clogged drains... cuts through grease. Keep a tin handy
When steam rises from your saucepans during cooking, cover the rack abovè the cooker with two linen tea towels. They will absorb the moisture and prevent your kitchen walls and ceiling
steaming UÊÊtÊÊÈÊÊÈBÉtÊtÈÊÊÈÈi
ing of walls that causes the distemper to flake off so quickly, and by remembering this hint you will have yourself a bill for having the kitchen redistempered.
A good way to use your perfume is to put a few drops in the water with which you damp your clothes. The hot iron brings out the scent.
her
"Claire, honey her arms about the girl and stood panting for breath right then. Down there. Just back of those aspens. I took the short cut A man
face. I—I think he's dead!”
(To Be Continued)
Hannah threw
It is this steam

You’re all
Says "Hello Girls" Make Good Wives
z /
he’s layin’ on his
e
A woman who has been in the telephone business since 1916 believes 'phone girls make good wives.
Mrs. H. McAtammey, chief of Imperial Airways switchboard room, London, England, has charge of 16 operators, 14 of them women and 12 of them married and two engaged to be married.
FREE BOOKLET —
c
i
ROYAL ASSURES AN APPETIZING LOAF
By LOUISE LENHOX
far i
Smart school girls mix and match
their two-piece costumes just like 1 You know those little two their older sisters. Your daugh- pronged wooden forks that come ter will be so happy to have this | in date and crystallised fruit box-new jacket dress or suit to wear to cs? Don’t throw them aWay, jm-school this fall. Girls who like ] stead, dry them after a good scrub variety find it such fun to change ' and keep them in the kitchen, about./ She can have two jacket 1 They are fine for cleaning tea-blouses, one with a collarless neck- . pot spouts and grand for cleaning i line made of plaid woollen, and an- between the prongs for your sil P other of plain, with a collar. She can then wear either with a plain flared skirt, or top the skirt with all her lovely sweaters for further change.
Style No. 3337 is designed for . sises 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years.
Sise 8 requires 1 % yards of 39 inch material for the skirt and % yard of 39 inch for the jacket.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) fer Pattern to Louise
to
Art.
T


«
¦j^PPI	Mrs. Mac" said,
"must be girls with soft voices, pleasant manners and the patience of the Archangel Gabriel.
! They must have an ability to combine efficiency with speed and they must never reveal their true feelings/'
Her girls

i
%

ver forks and for making patterns on the pastry of a pie and for all sorts of other things. You try them!	S	I
i
« "
i
i
*°»/e

!
“HOlCf
i
You know how annoying It is to wash your hair brushes and find that they are limp, if clean. Try shaking out the water and then dipping them into a saucer of milk. When they dry, the bristles will be beautifully stiff.
And remember, when you washing a brush with a wooden back to
before washing.
c
Good Egg
%
HP°ote
s Mm
A New York museum has the world’s largest egg. Found in Mi dagascar, it comes from an ex tioct bird—the apiornis. The egg has a circumference of over SI ia., and will hold 14 pints of water. -m	' §* *
i

Lennox. 7"

are
ard Style Number
Toron L sere to State Six#.
nly your Name
Issue No. 36— 39

Be
ear oil over the wood
B
###PAGE###7###


Acre Of Wheat Brings In $8.35
Canadian Troops Are On Guard Against Sabotage In Dominion
X	3* i
HEWS
NTARIO
UTDOORS
jm



PARADE


How the Saskatchewan Wheat
Pool Figures
By VIC BAKER
t *
¦¦F* -
I

ONTARIO SKEET TEAM WINS DOMINION TITLE

Saskatchewan Wheat Pool Elevators, Ltd., has Its own way of watching the possible outcome of the wheat crop at maturity. Reports from Regina indicate that present prospects are 93 points,
and it is explained that a full 100 points indicates an average of 16%’ bushels per seeded acre On that basis the present outlook is for an average of 15 1-3 bushels.
For that grain the fixed price of 70 cents per bushel will apply but the 70 cent figure is based on delivery at Fort William. Freight rates from Regina to Fort William are 20 cents per 100 pounds, or 12 cents pfr bushel. There are other charges for elevator storage, Insurance, Inspection and weighing, and these average 3.6 cents per bushel, making the average cost of putting a bushel of grain In Ft. William 15.5 cents.
Farmer To Get But $8.35 Per Acre
If a farmer delivers No. 1 hard he will actually have 64.5 cents of the 70-cent price. Taking 15 1-3 bushels as the average yield it means that one acre will give a return of $8.35 And if bis wheat grades lower than No. 1 his financial return will be less than that. Out of that the farmer will have to pay for his threshing no matter 11 he does it by separator or combine. A cash return of $8.35 per acre is small Indeed, and particularly so for a farmer who is depending chiefly on grain for his income.

’REPERCUSSION: One of the first things the new German Russian non-agression pact did was to git# Japan the filters, turning the Rising Sun nation against its for-triangle-partner. Germany. Immediately Japan began to look with favor again upon Britain. Within three days of the signing of the new pact, Japanese army mem left off stripping British subject# In China, began to make the German nationals suffer the various Indignities Instead.
Posting the highest individual score among the finalists in the national skeet championships, which were held simultaneously with the trap competition, Fred Lister led Toronto’s York Skeet Club to the successful defence of Its Dominion title.


m

The five-man team representing Canada’s second oldest skeet club broke 468 x 500 targets to out-shoot the four other entries in the final match by a wide margin. Second place was taken by the Montreal Skeet Club’s No. 2 Team whose score of 440 left them 28 points behind the victorious Toronto squad. The other entries and scores were: Saint John, N.B Skeet Club 432, Trail, B.C., Trap and Skeet Club 424, and the Medicine Hat, Alta., Gun Club 424.
With a brilliant display of marksmanship, Lister missed only tlfree clay-pigeon targets out of the hundred thrown as his score of 97 led the Toronto marksmen to victory in the nation-wide tournament.



m
7TT




r


rTIS AN ILL WIND:	Wars and
rumors of ware and successive crises in Europe don’t help business much. They bring trade between countries to a standstill play havoc with the stock market, chase customers away from every mercantile door, throw the youth ei the land Into a frame of mind where they think a hand-to-mouth existence is the only possible one.
But ... . it's an 111 wind that blown nobody good. Europe hanging on the brink of catastrophe has accomplished one wonder. It has succeeded In bringing Ontario’s Mr. Hepburn to Ottawa, to confer with federal officials . . .
•P
In the first round of the national shooting tournament, sponsored each year by the Dominion Marksmen organization, the crack Toronto team successively defended ita Central Zone title by outshoot-ing the six teams entered in the zone from London, Copper Cliff, Hamilton and Levack. In this semi-final shoot champion Dr. G. D. Beierl was in top form as he set the pace for Ms team-mates with a perfect score of 50.
The Dominion titlists had stiff opposition to overcome in this year’s final shoot as the other four zone championship teams fought hard to take possession of the perpetual trophy, emblematic of skeet supremacy in Canada.
In face of European events, the Dominion government has taken steps to prevent sabotage of im-p01 ta»rl	buildings, transport and communication lines. At the RIGHT, a sergeant of the Lincoln
I and Welland Regiment is shown standing guard on a bridge over the Welland canal, while a Lewis gun ; îfew 8een* LOWER LEFT, keeping a watchful eye on the canal itself. In camp at Thorold, Ont., these soldiers, UPPER LEFT, gather arodnd as one of theircomrades	¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦T
prior to taking up sentry duty.
ALL ELSE FORGOTTEN:	Have
mot heard much talk of an election this Fall, eh, since the Danzig crisis started? Ears straining to
receives a shave from the company barber,
Old Fallacy
Hockey Star Drowns
Books And You
VOICE
of the
PRESS
Is Exploded
BY

BEEHIVE
Salt Does Not Cause Hardening of the Arteries
ELIZABETH EEDY

"UNCLE LAWRENCE”
Here is proof that should disprove conclusively the popular misconception that salt Is harmful to the human system, that it causes hardening of the arteries, dilutes the natural lubricants in the body joints, and results in deposits of salt in the system, paving the way to rheumatic diseases.
Ward Off Fatigue An article In the current issue of the Oval, magazine of Canadian Industries, Limited, reports that scientific studies by physiologists In leading laboratories have proved conclusively that salt lost through perspiration must be replaced to restore the necessary balance, and the medical profession Is In agreement that the use of sodium chloride, or common salt —either in loose form or as small compressed tablets. Is a safe and successful method of counteracting or warding off the effects of excessive heat fatigue.
By Oliver Warner This small book Is the fine story of a young Englishman’s short Bummer visit to an uncle known only through letters who lived on the island of Pelee In Lake Brie, the southern-most point of Canada.
Uncle Lawrence was the only one of a large Victorian family who did not turn out to be a representative son of a Lincolnshire clergyman. Hie letters and the chance comments of the family caught the interest of a young nep-
e
•li
EXCAVATION
Ont in Alberta they dig up dinosaurs, but In Ontario, merely old estates. — Toronto Star.
ns
When Twilight Comes
When twilight comes and nature stills
The hum that haunts the dales and hills,
Dim shadows deepen and combine
And Heaven with its crystal wine
The cups of thirsty roses fills.
Blithe birds with music-burdened bills
Hush for a space their tender trills
And seek their homes in sheltering pine
When twilight comes.
Soft melody the silence thrills
Played by the nymphs along the rills;
And where the dew-kissed grasses twine,
The frogs and crickets tattoo fine
Drums to the fife of the whip-poor-wills.
—Frank Dempster Sherman.
ür.-1
#
«i
FORGOTTEN MEN Rural mall carriers are to hate special markers to put on their cars. But they have not had their pay raised. — Oshawa Times.

r^o i r> p 1*	I
LAND OF ABUNDANCE
6t : Wilton Grove, Ont., planted one bushel of Erban oats and harvested 93 bushels. There are many things wrong in the world J>ut there appears to be nothing wrong with an earth which can yield such an abundance. — Peterborough Examiner.
* hew (the author).
Lawrence Invited Oliver to come
Andrew Murray,
out to Pelee during the summer, the young man accepted with eager and affectionate curiosity. He found bis uncle living alone In a strange sort of crabbed contentment.
The charm of the book lies In the revelation of Lawrence’s character and In the young nephew’s delicate understanding of him.
It has special interest for Southern Ontario folk who know the island and Leamington and Kingsville. The names of the people in the story are ceaMife ones.
MUscU Lawrence” by Oliver -, Toronto: The MacMillan Ce., off Canada, $1.65.
Albert “Babe" Siebert, star of the Montreal Canadiens’ hockey for many years, and recently appointed coach of the Flying Frenchmen, was drowned in Lake Heien while attempting to retrieve an inflated automobile take which had got away from Me little daughter.
NOT TO BE COUNTED ON An English industrialist visiting Toronto predicted a boom for Canadian industry in the event of war, this country being looked upon as a first line reserve for the Old Land. That may be true enough, but all war booms leave a headache and a demoralised economy The truth Is, the world has not yet recovered from the Great War. — St. Catharines Standard.
Endorsement
Prompted by the general belief * that salt was harmful to the human system, Safety Engineering, an authoritative American magasins, recently conducted a survey all among the leading American medical authorities, and the following sentence sums up their combined opinions: “Inasmuch, however, as the good that Is done by salt tablets outweighs the conjectural harm that might occur to a very small number of people, the use of salt in hot industries, or hot weather should be encouraged.”
catch the dropping of a pin In the Polish Corridor, have been mis-
Meg hangs and crashes on our own
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
political floor.
W
yy/j

POLAND’S HISTORY: In HS under the reign of Mleezho, whose great-great-grandfather had wrested its beginnings — a province extending from the Carpathian mountains to the Bug River— from the tailing Moravian Empire, the history ef Poland as a kingdom began.
She gradually grew, at one time extending over part of what Is new Western Russia and the Russian Ukraine, as far south as what formerly was Csecho-Slovakla, and as far north as w hat Is now Let- * via oa the Baltic, and with a west-frontier approximately the as her present border.
has been partitioned
WILL-YUM.
/ e#L '
\ \	' .
j - •	,_
Popularity Of Wool Increases
ABOLISH ROADSIDE WEEDS
One argument used by the advocates of reforestation Is that a beautiful landscape will attract the tourists, yet we cannot recall hearing It said that sow thistle, wild carrot, oxeye daisy, orange hawk-weed. teasel and bine devil along the roadside and in the fielda will give any special delight to those who travel the King s Highway. A large percentage of the people of Ontario apparently see beauty rather than decreased production and loss in this fauna of weeds for roadsides are dirty and
New Textures and Color Range Are Partly Responsible
Pasture For The Fall
It may seem early to talk about wool, but now that wool Is so definitely a year-round fabric, *we can discuss It reasonably.
New textures and fascinating color ranges have a lot to do with wool's popularity. Also, wools are now sheer and even tweeds are lighter in weight Wonderful Imported knitted fabrics are combined with hand knI(&j|||||||||||||i||||||||||||||||| slim skirts in the better houses are not too short and the sheer wool fabrics, some of them combined with pure silk, are very thin and flattering.
New ’’old” fabrics like melton, duvetyn, broadcloth, flannel, serge, wool bengallne and ottoman,, vie with really new weaves In sheer woolens. Some of these have animal hairs woven in. and in the dyeing. the difference in color values gives added surface life.
Angoras are also very popular In sweaters and a new hand knitted angora evening wrap la not only news but good news.
4%
V
%u
Here is a suggestion from the Forage Division, Dominion Experimental Farms, about providing good pasture in the fall. Fall rye, sown at the rate of two bushels to the acre from August 10 to September 10, depending on district and season, will usually supply good feeding for cattle until well on towards winter. Early plowing helps in preparing the seed bed, and once rye has made a firm start, cattle may be turned into the fields, but not sheep because they nibble too closely. It not pastured too closely, the rye . will winter well and there will be Beard Grower I early pasture next spring lasting
till the end of June. Then it may be ploughed under and the plants make excellent green manure.


HA
£ Poland four times. She appeared as an Independent state under treaties concluded In 1796, partitioned her between Russia, Prussia and Austria. Not until 1919 did she again appear aa a nation, carved Into the world maps by the Treaty of .Versailles.
many fields are over-run.
The provincial highways should be models of cleanliness regardless of the standards of farm practice in the communities through which
— The Farmer’s Advo-
Circular or
-1

r... m
they pass, cate.


%
%
Twice Champ
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: does the new Nail-Communist pact aid China? Answer: Japan’s sum of energy Is already half-spent after two years of expensiye undeclared war In China. But Japan has all along been counting heavily #m Germany remaining an enemy #f Russia. Now Russia Is in a position to concentrate new strength #m the Siberian Manchoukuo border, focal poln* 0f Russlan-Japanese hostilities, and give aiTlier attention to defeating the Japanese.
How
The arena at Vernon, B. w vea packed to ita brim again this 'tar for tie grand finals carni-vt!, 1939. when Bert Lamarche, for the second year in » row, was awarded the palm for having the bulkiest beard.
e
*
%»

Established in 1299, Town Bowling Club, Southampton, England, has greens which are six centuries old.
now I hope you're convinced that those fingerprints on the
guest towel are met ml
! r
grown
REG’LAR FELLERS—Practical Farmer
By GENE BYRNES
4
I
Meatless Months
/>
r
THERE'» MORE IMPORTANT THUGS
PROGRAM
CCTAWWf
95dm that
"W

The Snake Park at Port Elisabeth, Natal, has a python 21 ft long, which did not touch food far 19 months. It remainedjLperfectly healthy. '	" _*	|
RADIO #
\
9
#

i
«
amt
¦JL
i
m, ;
&
\
; #


Niagara Moving
During the last 100 years Niagara Falls have moved back nearly 400 ft, and are still moving.
c

O
' /
>V Vi


%
The

the rock—about 3 ft

V*
each year.
###PAGE###8###
1
pr*
ru






»
¦

Look Here
MARRIED
!
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
VVai.m81.ky—Stanley
Quietly solemnized Ht Mm to
United Church, Tuesday,'- August 22nd, at five o’clock, was the ceremony which united in marriage, Hazel, youngest daughter ot' Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Stanley, of Chamberlain, Sa>k., to William, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. XValmsIey, of Moose law, ^a<k. iitv. A Ù. McCook in officiated.
The bride, who entered the elvtrch on the arm of her father, was becomingly attired in navy bine maVqnisettè over tafletta redingote style, and wore a hallo of orange blossoms. Her arm bouquet was of pule yellow gladioli and sweet peas. Miss Lillian Thompson attended as bridesmaid. Slje choose a navy blue luaiqui*-otto over taffeta redingote style, with a white doll hat. Her arm bouquet was of salmon pink glad ioli. Mr. Jim Walmsley, brother of the groom, acted as groomsman. The udiers were Mr. Gordon Walmsley, brother of the groom, and Mr. Jim Thornpsoft. The grooms gift to the bridesmaid was a gold bracelet, to the best mam an engraved pen and penctl set, and the ushers, personel gifts.
Immediately after the ceremony a reception for sixty guests was I held at the home of the brides parents. The table was centered by the bride's cake, which was | beautifully decorated by Mr. and Mrs. M. Lawrence Mrs, J NValm-sley and Mrs. L. M. Stanley presided at the tea table Whitehead and Mis. H. Stanley cut the ices, while Mrs. A. A 8tatham and Mrs. A. H. Thompson saw to the pleasure of the guests, assisted by Mrs. W. Connelly and Mias McRae.
The toast to the bride and groom was proposed by Mr. W. Whitehead and suitably responded to by the grootu and the bride's father. The evening was pleasantly spent in singing and dancing.
Mr. and Mis. Walmsley will re siu at 330 Lillooet Street*, Moose Jaw, Sask.

o

FOR SALE—IS lined Poultry Feeders, galvanized, half price. Call Monday ulght, IL W. Hopoiks.
FOR SALE—One 4 tube Bern croon Electric Radio, aim out new. must be sold by Saturday, Sept. Kith. Will take $18.00 oaah. Apply to Rev. W. G. Bu«r< a. Standard . asnp Ground, Shaw ville. Phone 10
r
{
FOR SALE—Fire Reg. Ayshirt Heifer Calves, born in March. Fully accredited and blood tested. Apply to Jamur II. Pkkveh. Campbell's Hay, Que. Phono •II- I.
FOR SALE—Six tube Williams Elec trie Radio, In good condition, for $12 00. Apply to Borukn CoitmuAN, Shaw ville.


FOR SALE—A number New llamshlre Red Laying Pullets wine year-old While Leghorn hens ; pair of Clyde colts well matched aud broken. Apply
Tracy, Yarin, Que. Phone 25


to Rout.
1
-21
Quebec’s Best County
Exhibition
Are You The Man ?
Watkins dealer (between 25 to 50 years); with car needed immediately to hand out Fuse Extracts. In nearby rural route and snpplv established demand for Everyday Necessities, including Spices, Haklng Powder, Cleansers, Soaps; Medicines. Fly Spray. Mineralised Stock and Poultry Tonics. 70 year reputation. 10000 dealers. Must be satisfied with $80.00 weekly at start. Selling experience unnecessary. Farm experience helpful. Credit furnished right parties. Write Immediately The J. R. Watkinn Company, Montreal. Que. I)ept. Q S IP.
»
9
w.
Mrs
1=
i Cemetery
Donations
High-class Horse, Cattle, Poultry and
Dairy Shows
Large Exhibit In All Departments
Previously acknowledged $167 60
Alex. H. Kilgmir.....	¦¦
Mr», Andrew Hedging Mrs. A. E. Ptwseiwhite M rs. George T. Horner....
Charlotte Connelly.
Df. Ed. Taggart
2 00
2 00
8 00
1 00
Mrs
1 00
a 00
• #
Shawville Women s Institute
The September meeting of Shawville Women s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Alt' Draper, on Monday evening. Mrs. W. V. L. Corrigan, the president, was in the chair.
It was decided to donate $50. to the cemetery fund was given by Mr. C. S. Douglaft, pal of the High Edith Curiie Mills gave a very interesting talk on her visit to the New York World’s Fair.
During the evening, Miss Helen Everett, the new domestic science teacher at the High School, was introduced by Mr. Douglas.
Roll call was answered by ira pressions of the Royal visit. The assisting hostesses were, Mrs. A
U. Proud foot and Mrs S. Langford.

«
;
A

All

t


r

<

t
>1«
ma
b yl?r
J
ffiti

w
A
O
' 1
• »
;cX2^:
&
*
Au address


%
.1
School, and
priuci
Miss
üSrs

f
ST
— %
<
Z

fivjvk

y
^4
-/CK

*


\ y/
<1
y
Large Midway With New Rides and Cames
Special Grandstand Attractions Ball Games, and Other Special Features
Explain Rise in Price of Wheat
A partial explanation of the sudden rise in meat prices lie* in the sharp advance in the prices of various millfeetls which many farmers must buy to feed their cattle and stock. Between Sept. 1 and 8 prices asked for bran, shorts, dried grains and middlings advanced on an average of $10 a tun. Feed prices have considerable hearing on what farmers must a>k for their products and milk, butter, poultry and other farm products will be affected as well as meats. Bran, which sold at $19 25 a ton in Montreal on Sept. 1, was quoted rtt $29,25 on Sept 8. This increase was typical of other millfeeds.
To Enlarge Petawawa Military Camp \
/
Trials of Speed Friday and Saturday
Mrs. R. G. HoDOiNd, Pres. Rev. A. F. Pokes, Sec' ty
Used Cars
The Shawville Boys’ Band in attendance
throughout the Fair
1935—Chevrolet Sedan 1931—Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Pontiac Coach 1988—Wtllys Pick-up
1938—	Fol d Tudor Deluxe
1929—	Plymouth Coupe 1937-Dodge Coach 1981-tin iek
1931—Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan |-
1930-	Ford Sedan
All ready to go at reasonable prices.
Evening Horse Show and Other Features
It is expected that enlargement of Petawawa Military Camp accommodate around 15,000 when completed. A large number of men are working there and large quantities of lumber will go into the construction of buildings. The plans include warm Quarters for winter use, pipe lines beneath the frost line, Hydro service and everything made fitting for year round occupation. As one of the important military training camps of the Dominion it was to be expected that this enlargement would take place in the present situation.—Renfrew Mercury.
R. J. Smith and W Fiche Sentenced to Three Years in Penitentiary by Judge Millar
will
men
LORNE ARMSTRONG,
President
R. W. HODGINS,
Secretary.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service »
Ford Service
FOR SALE—Twenty cords of mixed soft wood ; also dry stave wood. Apply to Borden Corrigan, at Stave Factory, Shawville. Phone 53.
the following bills be paid : Provincial Blank Forms, Electoral Lists...................
Clarence Carson, fixing grader
examined, eight names were added. Motion by Cre Smart- Whelen, that $3 93 the voters lists be accepted with these 2 00 corrections—
The following road lists were present- On motion of Cr Macfarlane the
meeting
FOR SALE
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
10,000 Sheets "TITB -LAP" Gslvsnlsed Steele Roofing, Superior and Council Standard brands. Write for list.
EASTERN STEELE PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
J. P. Wilson
ed for approval : Garfield Hudgins. M. R. McGuire. . Robt. Nicholas.. Clifford Fulford . John Cunningham Win Tubman ...
Clarendon Council
. $115 00 .	146 80
.	217 80
.	436 45
.	245	00
. 162 20 .	54	60
.	156	25
.	140	35
.	244	70
88 40 .	136	20
357 50 137 18 116 30 190 70 .	454	80
202 05 . f 170 00 170 35 307 10 ,	236	26
193 00j 173 60 816
Motion by Cra Judd-Hanna, that
HHHtfHHlEHHÉNÉBüAMi
John A. Dean, Sec.-Tress
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40	I FI
In magistrate's court at Camp bell’s Bay, on Tuesday, Sent. 5tn, Robert J. Smith, of Saskatchewan, who pleaded guilty at the last session to a charge of breaking and stealing goods at Waltham, was sentenced to two years at St. Vincent de Paul penitentiary. Walter, alias Pet Picbe, of Rryson, and Smith who pleaded guilty to a charge of escaping from custody by using violence on the governor of the jail, were sentenced to three years in St. Vincent de Paul peni tentiary.
Cyril J. Carrol.1, of Ottawa, ap pearing on a charge of assoit on El wood MacKay, of Phillips Lake, was remanded till Sept. 29th for
trial
Sept. 5tb, 1939
Clarendon Council met on the above date. Present, Mayor Barr and Councillors Smart, Hanna, Whelen and Macfarlane, forming a quorum under the " presidency of the mayor.	Everett Armstrong
Minutes of last meeting read and ' Everett Lnugbren approved on motion of Crs Smart and ! Lyal Hodgins . Hanna.	Ernest Sparling
Harry Corrigan . Victor Findlay... Harry Wallace .. W. H. Howard .. Wm Olmstead ..
J. R. McDowell . El wood Brownlee Hollis Bober ... Garrett Walsh .
Il
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
second list
14
Farm Buildings For Sale
Farm buildings, consisting of a Frame Barn, Stables and Small Sheds. Attractive price for quick cash sale.
Apply to
MRS. JOHN BRADLEY,
Beecbgrove, Que.
As
per notice given at a previous sit f this council by Cr Smart, By
Law No 95 was introduced as follows :
Whereas it is expedient and necessary to levy a tax rate for Municipal purposes in this Municipality of Clarendon, it was moved by Cr Smart and seconded by Cr Whelen, resolved and ordained by ^	By Law«0. 9!) of this Council that a
- sHSffSS	ErBi
house and stealing 150 gallons of fray the expense of this Council frr the Who -.Jirtfiu* % gasoline, property of the Upper fear 2939—Carried.	.
Ottawa Improvement Company, I Councillor Judd entered and took | t was remanded till Sept. 20th for I his seat at the Board.
* sentence. by Judge Roland Millar. I Motion by Crs Hanna-Whelen, that
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information. on special
designs and prices.
• ê
Farm for Sale
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or less, on the seventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. One hundred acres in bush. For farmer psrticnlsrs spply to
| EDWARD H. MBS,
Shawville, Que.
Phone. 278

GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
11
\
P*



Th
fscnttd and
l
w
mtA

