###PAGE###1###
••



#
No 16, ô7tii Ybab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER f», 19.19
fl.50 par annum n Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
Partie* having nccounts-againstI The Semi annual Meeting of the the U. l\A 8. No. 1, are requested Women's Institutes, of Pontiac to present Fame at once to li. W. County will he held at Pine Lodge,
HodginF, Secretary	Hi istol, on Thursday, October 12.
sSBuSa» I snsssasB
on Friday	thi« week.
Phone 23 for appointments.	I Shawvill* Women* Institute
emifr Superior Cour,
Municipal Law. Roil rail— Names CHICK KN SuPi’Bli The Ladies of Premiers of Canada since Court f Holy Trinty Church Guild, I federation. Assisting hostesses,
will hold a Chicken Sup-1 Mrs. J. Gordon and Mi»ss L. Dab ms. lier in the parish hall on Friday,
Oct. 20th.	t\
GEORGES CARON IGOWLING
BUSINESS
B. A., B.C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell'* Bey Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable 1M100I ha« removed to larger and liner premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario.
school ^ with
reputation. Open all year
for.
Aladdin Lamps
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
Attend a an established
Slatriet of Fsntlae
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Kndfotd,
W. I. COWUIIC President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.D.C.M.
Clarendon Women's Institute will hold their October meeting in
CHIVKRN SUPPBR — The Girl#' I form of a soc ial evening at the | Teacher ef Piano, Theory ef Music and Harmony Guild of St. Paul’s Anglican home of Mis Wilbur Horner, at church, Sbawvillr, will hold » McKee, on Wednesday evening,
, Friday evening, 11th instant. Tickets will be
drawn for the Institute quilt Program—Payer on Winter storing Thanksgiving I of vegetables. Roll vail — Your Monday, Oct. favourite vegetable and how to
Protect your eyes and use
JAMES A. MILLAR
L L .L,
ADVOCATE, ARRJSIE R . etc.
128 MainSt.,
A tPontiac House, Shewville, every Wednesday after neon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’eBay, every Wednesday morning.
I wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong’s residence, Main Street, Sbawville, on Tuesday of each week.
Chicken Supper October 27th.
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.60 and up
B A
+ #
Shawvllle United Supper is being held
9th— Thanksgiving night—in the | serve It. Sunday School room. Prices .‘35 HIS® cents.
Hull,Que*
Phone 22—14.
Hospital Report for
A Chicken Supper will be held (September at Mm reli s Community bail.
under the auspices of the. United Shawville Community Hospital Bristol’s Ladies' Aid, on Friday evening, reports 29 admissions for the 17th, 18th an
Oct. ;6th. Supper served from month of September, totalling _______________
6.30 to 8 30. Admission, 35 and 15 223J hospital days. There were----------
cents.	nine births and no deaths.
Eloquent speeches will be delivered by able Statesmen at
Biggest Bazaar, October no 19th.
Full line of supplies always on hand
! HARLAND C. ROWAT
BORN
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of XfcGlll University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Lan**— At* Athabasca Hospital,
Athabasca, Alta., on «Monday.
Sept. 25th, 1939, to Rev. and Mrs.
Cyrus • Lang, a daughter—Iris |OerifK — In iheG. F.Hodgins Building
Shawville Fair Again Successful
Record Entry Horses and Cattle Outstanding
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Main Street, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
DIED

» •
building was occupied with sup HodginS—At him late residence, erior stock in the popular breeds. Yarn), Que., on Monday evening.
Hoi ticultural and dairy products Oct. 2nd, 1989, William Edward occupied most of the space on the Hodgius, in his 67th vear. The ground floor of the main building. funeral was held on Wednesday The	space, usually
by a local merchant, was suitably rearranged for the showings of canning, fruit and vegetables and the exhibit was ranch better and huger than at any previous Fair. With the additional space for canning, etc , the display of
baking, in the closed corapirt- i , Mapitat-Watrov .ueDt, appeal much bette, than At Ive“nard. Oot., on Saturday.
DpNAT Le GUERRIER
0tl£*pitl' disagreeable weather, by** Mr°T tyMh'vftf	8!^™h Shoulder * Melters deelt wlth b, eorre.pondei.ee
¦EïBIÉBips,
Bristol Intermediate girls in front Shawville High School displayed	rr.veiled in a dark Al Pontiac House. Shawville,
m I	-j	i	",m
An exciting horse race lu the included drawings and paintings, °iîJ?fjt,_wbeL'nf lîï«mi	-
¦«a&rsAî-ia-
ÎË "L'Siï	«Lyss K
of a large portion of the crowd. | the display was a source ot valu- P' aoe "L110p1<mu °* Î, ^ de
BSSSS1j	»
SsitSa I SSfflS «%	br“::
püMil
MsdsEgss? test!
was far in excess of other years. Substantial meals were served I they ****** m All barns were crowded to caps- in the dining hall at a reasonable city and some of the animals had charge by the ladies of the caraïbe housed outside the grounds, raunity who contributed most of The district Calf Club had a re the food.
markably fine showing of young The C K CO. public address	¦ ¦	1
animals, while most of the noted system was stationed on the Announcement was made this cattle herds m -the district were grounds and through this medium week by Alexandre Tache, K. C.,
represented. In both agricultural it was announced that messages M.L A., that Air. Gold win Me Do-	¦¦ ¦ I ¦
and light horses competition was from Ministers and other officials well, Mayor of Shawville, had ac-| Eye, Ear, Nee# mad Throat Specialist was keen, almost every class be- of the Provincial and Federal cepted the post of returning officer ing well tilled with tine types of Departments of Agriculture had for Pontiac County iu jm forth-
been received. These expieased coming elections. Sheriff Charles regret at being unable to attend Belec was tillable to act as return-and their best wishes for the sue ing officer for the county on *q
Shawville Fair, HeM on Friday and Saturday ot last week, letain-ed its reputation as “Quebec's Best County Exhibition" and surpassed all previous records in the number of entries. Livestock and jtiven lie exhibits were greatly increased and the only factor which in way marred the success the year-old show was the very dis agreeable weather which prevailed for Doth days. Under these condition#, however, only a slight decrease was noted in the attendance, and it is safb to say had the weather been tine, that this year's show would have drawn a record
Good Feeding*
afternoon, 4th inst late residence of the deceased to Yarra United Church, and Maple Grove Cemetery. Shawville.
from the
• t
CLINTON H. DOWD
B.A. LL B , C L.
Advocate, Barrister etc.
Main Street - -* Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontii. House, Shawville, Que
e *ery Friday evening.
an
£
Britain Plans Food Purchases
Hull, Que.
MARRIED
Therefore it is important that “Good Feeding” be the watch word of every farmer in order to produce highest quality foodstuffs.
\
¦ .A
LL.
e
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Britain will look to Canada for Bacon, Hams, Lard, Butter, Eggs, Wheat, Cheese, etc
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
etc.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE,
We Stock Royal Purple Products
Oyster Shell Iodized Salt Lice Powder Sulpher Saltpetre Cough Powder
Calf Meal,
Protein Concentrate, Stock Specific, Poultry Specific,
Hog Tonic,
Laying Mash,
every
• Dr. Rv E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIS9
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
of
MONTREAL, [QUE.
PLATEAU 6318
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
Dr. Bell’s Remedies
Dr. Bells Distemper and Cough Powder
“ Worm and Indigestion Remedy “ ' “ Extract Lotion
•« Kidney and Blood Powder
it
BILAIR 3117
D. J. CAMPBELL
ii
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone#:.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Linseed Meal, Oil of Tar, Epsom Salts,
Bitter Aloes
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
PHONE 19

At Campbell's Bay from Friday night Monday nigh of each week.
Gold will BloDowell Appointed Returning Officer
to
to
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Shawville
Quebec
MCOICâL ARTS aUlLDIMU
c
poultry hoime gave evidence ,jf an increased interest in poultry in this district ae all space in the
The
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, t--7M1
###PAGE###2###
There were 33 aircraft Industry factories compared with eight In 1937, and their production of aircraft was 262 compared with 110 In the previous year. Value of air* craft produced was $4,001.412. ootm pared with $1,461,626.
The Industry employed 1,417 pen sons compared with 608 In the pr# vlous year, and the payroll waa $2/ 093,717 compared with $691,934.
Canada’s Plane
Output Soars
British Aircraft Carrier “Courageous” Falls Victim of Nazi Sub
Medical Science Slowly Mastering Many Diseases



?
«

Production of the aircraft industry in Canada In 1938 amounted in value to $6,927,105. a sharp Increase compared with $1,780,724 the previous year, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports.

1

ft
iBoi
Death Rate Has Been Lowered Considerably in the Past Half Century
jt

e

'4
i
y», w * > v
j This Curious World
L That the prog re ee of science during the last fifty years has been I of real benefit to mankind is now shown by a review recently given by Sir Edward Mellanby, Secretary of the Medical Research Council, England. Even in the year 1900 typhoid fever killed over 6,000 people in Great Britain. Nowadays even a mild epidemic causée a public scandal. The last fifty years has, in fact, witnessed a series of triumphs in the medical field about whose value to society as a whole there can be no doubt whatever.
Not so very long.ago pulmonary tuberculosis was responsible for nearly 3.000 deaths annually in every 100,000 of the population. Ii> 1937 there were only 690 deaths per 100,000. Diphtheria Is being rapidly overcome by suitable preventive inoculation.
The death rate In many large . American and Canadian towns has been reduced to minimal proportions; and in Hamilton, Ontario, a town of 175,000 Inhabitants, not a single case has been diagnosed In the last five years.
Discovery of Insulin In the field of bio chemistry also there have been equally beneficent advances, says Sir Edward Mellanby. The discovery of Insulin has saved thousands of lives in the case of diabetes and enabled many more thousands of suffers to lead comfortable and active lives. The same Is true in respect of pernicious anaemia, thanks to the discovery and application of liver and certain stomach extracts.
More recently still the discovery of the sulphanilamide group of the compounds has brought a new and already proven' weapon into the field against a large group of bac-teria-produced diseases.
Surgery
Again, in the field of surgery, particularly of the brain, chest and thyroid, there have been similar triumphs. Tumours in portions of the brain which, fifty years ago, would have been considered as wholly Inaccessible, are today being successfully removed with restoration to health and normal life on the part of the patients concerned.
By William
Ferguson
%
t
t

w

IJL
l;
!

£*r

a

t

TREE
STUMPS,
40,000
YEARS
I
* n

I

Ml
\ kâJ
\

V.V%
n <11
TV
*

OLD,
WERETAKEN FROM THE WATER OFF

*ÿs.. • .
%
w
a :
ïtj
V
I ?


7 -

I
I
/

OF

\
*
#»* »
NEW JERSEY ALMOST i
t


m
*

?< •*


. <
*

%. »

» *s*f
? •w-
o
PRESERVED

a %

'3Z§»(i»iu£n5è> are so named
BECAUSE OF THEIR. HABIT OF 1 BURYING BIRDS AND SMALL MAMMALS/ THEY UNDERMINE THE BODY UNTIL IT SINKS INTO
THE EXCAVAT I ON BV ITS OWN
WEIGHT.
"S



'-~*r
%
<

#0%
>
H.M. Aircraft Carrier, Courageous, was torpmloed and sunk by a German V-l>oat according to a statement 1s-
More than 500 lives were lost in the sinking of the Ootir-Other naval crafts in the vicinity rushed to the scene and it
bottom. The Courageous is
the fore-
sued by the British Department of Information.
Bgeous* which usually carried about 1,200 men.
I# thought that the submarine responsible for the sinking was also sent to the shown here in a picture made from the deck of H M S. Rodney, one of *%ose 16-inch guns is in ground.
w
ê

GOCFCie.
PLAYING FOR. ONLY

and go into the land of Israel, for they are dead Mat sought the child’s life. 21. And he rose and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel. 22. But when he heard that Archelaus was reigning over Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither; and being warned of God in a dream, he withdrew into the parta of Galilee. 23. And came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet, that he should be called a Nazarene.
In these two chapters of Matthew we have the miracle of the virgin birth of Christ, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost; we have the miracle of messages from heaven, there being four, all of them coming by way of dreams in two of which appeared the angel of the Lord himself; there is the miracle in nature of the star that guided the wise men to Bethlehem; and there is, finally, the great miracle of fulfilled prophecy, five prophecies being referred to in these two chapters, one from Isaiah, one from Micah, one from Hosea, one from Jeremiah, and one a summary of the tecahings of all the prophets concerning the humiliation attending the birth and residence of the Savior. Heaven sends for the accomplishment of God’s purpose in this event the Holy Spirit, the holy prophetic writings, the angels, the star.
Tourists Keep Hotels Crowded
ON THE FIRST HOLE* AND LOSING... THEM DOUBLING THE BET
\>

Sunday
School
Lesson

\
Thousands From U. S. Make Trips To Canada And Not To Europe
HOLE, AND LOSING,
WOULD BE OUT
*2S,ZLM».30
v

IN AN IB-HOL.E MATCH.
com it>7 sv *** mhwcc. me.	_
SEXTON beetles have an acute sense of smell, and quickly locate any dead creature lying about After burying the body, the female beetles lay their eggs in the decaying flesh, so that the emerging , young may be boro amidst an ample food supply.
Hotels and tourist homes in Canada are benefiting as a result of the war In Europe. Thousands of American tourists, who t visti either Britain or Continental Europe in the summer have now decided to confine their holidays 'i the American side of the Atlantic.
In consequence, hotel registrations, which ordinarily show a great drop immediately after Labor Day and the commencement of school In the United States, are still very numerous. Staffs of city hotels are being kept on at full summer strength.
Jtà
•'arlly
LESSON I
THE INFANCY OF JESUS
Matthew 1 and 2 Printed Text, Matt. 2:13-23
Golden Text.—And they shall call his name Immanuel; which is, being interpreted, God with us.
AIRPLANE BUILDER
Matt. 1:23.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The time of our Lord’s birth is still a matter of dispute, but by many it is placed in December, 5 B.C. The visit of the wise men probably took place in February, 4 B.C.
The Flight Into Egypt
Matt. 2:13. Now when they were departed, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there it il I tell thee; for Herod will eeek the young child to destroy him. 14. And he arose and took Ike young child and his mother by might, and departed into Egypt; 16. and was there until the death §i Herod; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying. Out ef Egypt did I call my son. The prophecy here quoted is found in Hoe. 11:1. When God la telling the story of his love to Israel, he ye to them: “I loved you and brought you out of Egypt. Egypt be you was a place of oppression, the place of slavery.” There was a great exodus, and he led the azodus out of Egypt. Now, four hundred years after the voice of prophecy, a child is bain, the child upon whom all the hopes of God should rest, and therefore the hopes of men. The child es the result of the sin of his own people, and is driven by the corruption of Israel (which re-eeked in the Edomite Herod being on the throne) into Egypt. Aa of old, God loved Israel when a child, and brought it out of Egypt, so his love centers still up-the king who is yet to build a city and establish a nation, and ho also shall come out of Egypt, and coming out shall lead the exodus with others following.
32 Planes of today are built on the same as his £
HORIZONTAL
1 Pioneer flyer and airplane builder
12	Swift canoe
13	Weird.
14	Corvine bird.
16	Branches.
17	Concerning.
18	Person opposed.
1$ Titanic iron-ore.
21 Most obscure.
23	Lava.
24	Schoolmasters. 26 Shed:
32	Apathetic.
33	To lixiviate.
34	Thick soup.
35	Midday sleep.
36	Type measure.
37	Electrical unit 39 Land right 42 Units of
energy 44 All right.
[¦IIS

y


plane.
15 His first flight was at
Washing eggs is not advised; water removes the **bloom” protecting the shell.
M
18


IBBjAl	20 In Ueu.
UUK3 t, m-r, r 22 Posting.
TO ] P [	« God of sky
Hygl Iv 26Jolt.
knot	27 Rage.
¦BDlilBm 28Bora.
DIhIeIsITIüiNI 30 Yarn spindle.
31 To perform.
VERTICAL 35 Boatswain.
1 English coins. 38 Heavenly
3	Squirrel skin. ^ %£££?
4	Thin.	42 To do wrong-
43 Half
!


NOTES
RADIO

y
H

NEWS
AND
45 Greek letter. 47 Balance (zodiac sign).
49 Sea eagle.
51	Loiters.
52	Child.
53	Isinglass.
55 He and his

I

By MADGE ARCHER
Caplan, on Sunday, October 1st at 1:30 p.m. over CBL.
COMING PROGRAMS
The following is a line-up of new programs beginning the week of October 1st . . .
Sunday, October 1st, 12 noon, Radio City Music Hall with Erno Rapee, NBC-CBC; 5:30 p.m. Metropolitan Auditions of the Air, NBC-CBL; 8:00 p.m. Chase and Sanborn Hour, NBC-CBL; 9:00 p.m. Ford Symphony Hour, CBS -OFRB; 9:00 p.m. iBand of the Canadian Grenadier Guards, CBL. •
Monday, 4Dctober 2nd, 8:00 p.m. Edward G. Robinson "Big Town" CBS-CFRB; 8:30 p.m. Tuesday Night Party, CBS-CFRB; 8:30 p.m. On the Boulevards, CBL.
Tuesday, October 3rd, 11:45 a.m. Dr. W. L. Stidger’s "Getting the Most Out of Life", NBC-CBL; 12 noon Sweet Hour of Prayer, CBL; 9:00 p.m. Appointment with Agostini, CBL.
Wednesday, October 4th, 1:30 p.m. World Serieé Games, MBS CBL-CBY; 7:30 p.m. Burns and Allen. CBS; 9:00 p.m. Texaco Star Theatre, CBS; 9:00 p.m. Fred Allen, CBS. "
Thursday, October 6, 8:00 p.m. Tender Leaf Tea serial "One Man's Family", NBC-CBL; 8:30 p.m. Joe Penner, NBC.
Friday, October 6th, 8:00 p.m. Kate Smith Hour, CBS.
AROUND THE DIAL
. . . The first week in October forecasts a very busy season for the airwaves of all networks. Of importance is the return on the coast to coast Canadian network of three well known programs; the Tender Leaf Tea serial "One Man’s Family," which still tops the popularity polls, now will be heard at a new time — Thursdays at 8:00 p.m. — beginning October 5th, Charlie McCarthy and his Chase and Sanborn Hour on Sundays at 8:00 p.m. on October 1st, and, Dr. William L. Stidger’s Inspirational pro^am "Getting the Most Out of Life," every day Monday through to Friday at 11:45 a.m. as from October 2nd.
. . . Toscanini arrives in America to conduct the NBC Symphony through its third season and, as in previous years, the broadcasts will be heard on Saturdays over the NBC-blue network and CBL from 10 to 11:30 p.m. starting October 14th.
. . . In the sports world Red Barber and Bob Elson are preparing for the first game of the World Series which will be played on the afternoon of Wednesday, October 4th. These two are radio’s best known sportscasters.
. . . CBC network changes list the return of "And it' Came to Pass popular Biblical dramatizations produced from Montreal by Rupert
Pears, more than any other fruit, are affected by temperature changes, temperature being held bo be the most important single factor relating to their handling, particularly in cold storage.
5	Smooth
6	Sooner than. 44 One time
46 Since.
8	Pertaining to 48 Twice.
50 To free.
9	Metric weight. 51 Pound.
10	Johnny cake	54 Measure of
11	Children.
were co-inventors of the airplane (pi.)
56 He first experimented
7 Gale.
a rete.
with
area.
Canadian Military Leader



-

\
%
B

Slaughter of the Babes
16. Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the Wise-men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the male children that were in Bethlehem, ami in all the borders thereof, a two years old and under, according to the time which he had exactly learned of the Wise-men. 17. Then was fulfilled that which spoken through Jeremiah the prophet, saying, 18.* A voice was heard in Ramah, weeping and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children; and she would be comforted, because they are not. Herod’s massacre of the babes of Bethlehem of course did mot achieve its object. The prophecy referred to here is bo be found in Jer. 31:15. Rachel is introduced here to represent the common grief of Israel, at the cruelty of Nebuchadnezzar several centuries before.
Return to Nasaroth
19. But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord ap-peereth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt, saying, 20. Arise and take the young child end his mother,
Major-General T. V. Anderson,
Chief of Militia Staff of Canada
fcuü
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Impractical
W&LL,lV9 ONLY GOT" WORM FOR THREE MEN
THIS WILL DO THE WORM OF POUR MEN, SIR]
-SO THE THING WOULD BE
WASTING ONE MANS .
TIME- ?
«
4

à
P
t

\


#

/*
I

O
«S-

)
-• e

/ /
?
o
u
a-w
(RrlwM ay TM BêH Syadksi# 1er I
à ^
###PAGE###3###
w
Avoid Barn Fires At Theshing Time
Lord Tweedsmuir Launches Canadian Red Cross Drive
I"
41 It DOES Uste good in a pipe
HAND/ KAL-TIOHT POUCH • iU
%rlB. "LOK-TOP" TIN • 60# «ko packed In Pocket Tint


Criminal Negligence Is Still Prevalent on Ontario Farms —Precautions Must Be Taken By All
f
%

t



D

Speaking on the subject of barn fires during threshing operations, the Department of Agricultural Engineering at file O. A. C., Guelph, asks Ontario farmers to help to teach the following simple rules to those who still do not believe them to be of any value, or believing. neglect to live up to them which is perhaps worse.
1.	Improperly cured hay if placed In the mow In large quantities spoils, overheats and is turned Into a charred brown useless product, tens of thousands of tons each year in Ontario. This Is not always burned, Just charred and useless as fodder.
2.	Spread uncured hay (if the mistake has been made of bringing It into the barn) either on the threshing floor before mowing It away, or in the mow for 24 hours at least. Salt It in the mow and tramp It before placing other hay on top. Be sure to spread it.
3.	A cotton mop (cotton) dipped In linseed oil (just flaxseed oil) and left hanging up or lying on the floor will burst into flame In a few hours. This is a fact not » theory
and then listen to scientific advice to the effect that the same materials (chemically) exist in the mow. Conditions being just right — admission of air at the right moment and a fire Is as sure to occur as if It were deliberately set.
4.	oil a binder canvas with a vegetable oil, roll It up before the oil is quite dry, and place It in a warm
times a fire is the result times in ten the canvas Is scorched and ruined if not burned. Confessions of burning of barns this way have often been made to the writer of this article. The barn 's no place for matches in particularly torn pockets or any other pockets. One of these matches In a threshing
f
t
t
rill
#
e
I#
machine or stepped on may coat from two to ten thousand dollars.
Farmer Always Loses The farmer always loses. The insurance companies still survive,
the lumber men imHHHH machine manufacturers and the hardware merchants make an honest dollar out of the new barn, etc., but th- FARMER loses EVBRY TIME. Remember this! These things should be taught twice a year In our public schools they taught in yours? Insist on this being done with demonstration If necessary, but not the 45,000 variety. Much threshing Is still to be done in 1939. and we need farmers threehermen w and an unselfish interest in Ontar lo agriculture, greatly with the wisdom to ease us out of the muddle in which we find ourselves relative to these things. We earnestly solicit their help, their Interest and their willing intelligent services in the patient persistent getting across of these ideas to those who do not recognize the criminal negligence still
prevalent on we count on you to help?
Modern E tiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
the threshing
f
la “How do you do” all no-cessary to acknowledge an introduction?
2.	—Should a guest ever join le a family argument?
3.	—When should the bridegroom give his gifts to the ushers?
4.	—When should a servant does the door after a visitor has turned
1
Are


->r*
MB
away.
5.	—Where should a man give i
stag dinner?
6.	—Is it permissible for a gW to ask a young man to call, whee she has known him for quite * while?
saving that the latter will certainly need a great deal of help.
foresight

dowed
Please believe this fact
Answers
1.—Yes, provided it is acco panied with a smile, or an expr sion of sincerity. Merely to say, “How do you do” with a stong stare makes the other person worn der if there is any displeasure at tending the introduction. 2.—
uest mu.* not
Honey Excellent
For Preserving
How Can I ?
What Science
tarlo farms. Can
BY ANNE ASHLEY
As a sugar substitute honey may be used very satisfactorily in pre-'-j and in certain fruits (peaches and plums especially) the flavor is decidedly improved. This is also the case in conserves consisting of a combination of two or more fruits and where spices are included as in pickles and relishes.
IS
a
M l
Never, sides, an
and without notice he should leave the room or walk away. 3 gifts are always put at the ttsheerf places at the bachelor dinner. 4.— The servant should stand with the door open until the visitor enters his car, or, if he is walking, until he reaches the sidewalk.	5.—À
stag dinner should be given in • man’s bachelor quarters or in • private room in a hotel chooses to give the dinner in his own home, his women folk should not appear. 6.—Yes.
e can do so qui
serving
Over-eating Once Considered Crime
England Had Laws Against It Not Many Years Ago
Doing
barn, and once out of ten
five
Q.—How can I render the taste of disagreeable medicine more palatable?
*
*
The*
If one will chew a piece of orange peel, or take a tiny bit of cayenne pepper before taking any disagreeable medicine, it will render the medicine tastelss or palat-
WAR CHECKS SCIENCE
Tht war has commenced to have its effects on ’conferences of an international character, one of the first to suffer being the third International Congress for Microbiology, which opened at New York on September 4. Leading biologists and bacteriologists from various countries were unable to attend, fmong them scientists from England, France and Germany.
A
Either cold pack or open kettle method may be used when canning with honey but care must be taken to avoid boiling over as honey has a tendency to foam when heat-Also the honey should be cooked no longer than necessary since its delicate flavor is readily destroyed.
General Proportions for Canning
Heavy syrup, 1% c. honey, 1 c. water. Medium syrup, l%c. honey, 1 c. water. Light syrup, % to 1 c. honey, 1 c. water.
The recent Nazi view that overeating is a form of high treason recalls the fact that In England not so many years ago overeating, If not high treason, was legally a crime. Until July, 1856, It was technically unlawful for a man to have than two courses at dinner
able
Q.—How can l remove the brown stain which so often appears at the hases of crystal vases or flower holders?
A.—Moisten some tea leaves with vinegar, placing them in the vase and scrub the inside by means of a bottle brush.
P.	—How can I add a different flavor to apple sauce?
A.—Fold stiffly-beaten egg whites into the sauce before serving, garnish with chopped crystallized fruit.
Q.	__How can I shrink dress
goods?
A.—Place the goods folded in a tub of cold water, to which a few handfuls of salt have been added. After a few hours, hang the line without unfolding. The weight of the salt prevents wrinkles from diying in, and the salt sets the color.
Q.—How can I remove the old varnish when refinishing furniture?
A.—Put three tablespoonsful of cooking soda into one quart of water and apply with a rough cloth. Then use sandpaper and the varnish will come off easily.
If ha
Pharmacy President
ed
more
and supper, although npon specially festive accusions he might be permitted three Edward Ill's sumptuary laws was not repealed until 1856.
In England severe sumptuary laws were enacted in the relgna of Edward Hi, Edward IV and Henry VIII. For long a man dared not eat what he fancied. The poorer classes, for instance, were forbidden to eat certain foods and wheateo bread. That was reserved for "their betters" — the poor being permitted to eat only coarse bread made from pease-meal and other unattractive substar.'os.
Italian experimenters find i when bobacco leaves are graf__ on tomato plants, the tobacco's nicotine disappears continues to grow.

This statute of
SNUFF CURES FLU
One war spectre, another worldwide flu epidemic can apparently be prevented by a new kind of Russian snuff.
Immune horse serum, a weil known flu material, makes the Russian snuff. This serum is the water-clear part of the blood of horses which have been artificially infected with flu. It is dried
inhaled ¦¦¦¦MflplM
Russia have shown the snuff not only prevented flu, but helped to curt it.

the plan*

Chill, and

n
I
Have You Heard
4 CUpS OI
GARFIELD TBA^
U	you (U au* woy U
KEEP CLEAN INSIDEI
Extensive tests in
on
I
&
You’ll like the way it snap* y< back, overnight, to the feeling i "rarln" to go" fitness and lnsl< cleanliness ! Helps eliminate tl left-over wastes that hold yi back, cause headaches, tndigestioi etc. Garfield Tea is not a mlrac worker, but If CONSTIPATION bj there you. It will certainly "t wonders!*' 10c and 25c of drugstor WRITE FOR FREE SAM PL of Garfield Tea and Garfield He ache Powders to: GARFIELD Tl CO., Dept. 60. 1 Close Avenue, T« onto 1, Canada.
O
Criminal Pork
An ostrich went out for a stroll in the desert and thought he'd call at his favorite oasis, in the hope of running across a few of his pals.
When he got there he found six other ostriches standing with their heads buried in the sand.
“Just my luck!” he said a soul about.”
EARTH LOSES SHARE
The earth gets out of shape like a toy rubber balloon which is kicked by a small boy.
Instead of being a hard, tough mass of unyielding rock, the earth actually is elastic, the geophysicists said last week.
In 1547 a sow and her 6 pigkU were arraigned before the court at Sevigny, France, accused of having killed and eaten an Infant. The sow was condemned to death, but the piglets were pardoned en account of their youth.
W. J. Abell, Brampton, Ontario, who was elected President of the Ontario College of Pharmacy at the fall stssion of the Council held, in Toronto last week.

5
Not

O
{
Luxury Trains Very Expensive
Between A Million and A Half and Two Million Dollars Required to Pay for Crack Streamliner
ICEBOX TREATMENT POSTPONES DEATH
Postponement of death in living human cells by means of an “iceless icebox’ is described as result of science's newest ad-into the world of ultimate
o
Classified...
Advertising..

Judge: “What made you •teal these socks?"
Accused: “I don’t know, sir —I must have been woolgathering.''
XLHSl lK V STOC K FOR SAL»
AUKVrS W A XT KO
HARDY APPLE TREES—56 CENlS each. Canada's Loweet Priced Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees, Ornamental*.
requesting TobeS
Jlnirnrn-on-the-Ivikp. OnL
AGENTS XV ANTED—IN ALL Districts In Canada for Indestruct-
Necessity. Send 26c for sample. Money refunded If not satisfied. London Vending Co., 25 XVolseley Avenue. London. OnL
MEN WANTED IN EVERY CITY. Sell Dexter Weatherproof service shoes, greatest shoe value In Canada. Complete line of boots and shoes for men and women. Also raincoats and wlndbreokers. Free selling outfit Dexter Shoe Company. Limited. Montreal.

one
Ibis Household 26c for sample. Money re not

Write Immediately sensation el offerings Treer
vances
cold—459.69 degrees below zero Fahrenheit.
It has been discovered that the death ol human blood corpuscles be “almost indefinitely postponed” by extremely low temperatures beause of retarded reaction rates of matter in the region of “absolute zero.”
The tenderfoot, new on the ranch, thought he would show the boys that he was tougher than they imagined.
“Fetch me a broncho,” he cried, “I'll show you how to ride 'em, cowboys.”
They produced one of their best and the newcomer mounted it. In twelve seconds, after some remarkable gyrations, he wae hurled to the ground.
“What happened?” asked one of the boys, as he picked up the tenderfoot.
FILMS DEVELOPED
PERSONAL
Apart from the horror of the killed and injured in the wreck of the Southern Pacific’s ack streamliner in Nevada, there is brought home the fact that a luxury train costs from $1,500,000 to $2,000,000.
That huge amount, says W. L. Clark in the Windsor Star, is tor one single train not for a fleet of trains. It means that a huge chunk of capital is required before such a train can be placed in se* /ice. It also reveals some of the problems the railways have to face in meeting the demands of traffic and service.
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Xd vice free. Bartlett’s. Box 1. Win-
20c FILM DEVELOPED. PRINTED and one Enlargement Speedy and Model Photos, Box 50. Mount Dennis. Toronto. Ontario.
can
mpeg
EDUCATIONAL
PHOTOGRAPHY

AGENT TO SELL MEN S NEC K-tles for 25 rente each. 100 cent profit. Murgatroyd Agencies. Yonge Street Arcade. Toronto.
NOW IS THE TIME TO LET US make reprints from your Summer Simps, and order your Christina* curds. Prints 3 cents each. It cants each. 75 cents per dose*.
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses in Matriculation. Short Story. Journalism. Advertising. Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time, oday. Canadian Correspon-îollege (established 1902), Toronto.
iPee.:
X-RAYS BY THE MOUTHFUL
X-rays can be taken literally by the mouthful by means of a tube ¦ewly-dev doped.
The tube is long and slender, about the size and proportions of a child's toy horn. The rays are produced at the tip, in the area that would be the mouthpiece of the horn.
The tube is made to be inserted the mouth or #ny other body
Special prices for postal card orders for Summer Resorts. Fra* post card enlargement if your order Is over 20 cents. W. A. Star*, aman Comoany. Weber Street. Kitchener. Ontario. ___________

ROUTE MAN FOR 300 COMPETIT-lvaly priced teas, coffees, spices, medicines and other household necessities, all backed by money refunded guarantee. Paula Comp-68 Lombard Street, Toronto.
Write t dence C 229 Yonge St
SECRETARIAL STENOGRAPHIC accountancy courses, day and night school: home study or private tuition. United Business School, 2 Atlas Avenue, Toronto.
any
“What happened? Why, she’s a demon bucker. Didn’t you her?”	f .
PHOTO FINISHING
ARTICLES FOR SALE
see
EIGHT ENLARGED PRINTS 21c. Special offer for summer. Fra* colortone enlargement with anv order of 25c or more. Films developed and 8 enlarged double a sa# prints 26c. Reprints 4c each. Canada Photo Supply. Box HI..Toronto
Finishers
RADIOS:	BARGAINS. $4.95 UP
Stoves $5.95 up; Bicycles $10. up Automobile Tires, guaranteed
Illustrated _cata-Toronto
Before Placed in America It has often been suggested that the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National Railways should put fast luxury trains In service between Toronto and Montreal.
No doubt the Canadian railway men would like to put luxury streamliners on more than one run In Canada. But, at $2,000.00 per trail/, the thought is hard to try and change from a wish ?o a fact
“Buck!” said the other. “Why she just coughed!”
HAIR GOODS
1.76 up. Free ogue mailed Radio. 191 Dundaa West. Toronto
I
WIGS. TOUPES. TRANSFORMA-
i, and all quality Hair
into ¦
ravity. In this way it puts the rays in almost direct contact, within a fraction of an inch, of cancerous growth*.
The purpose is to avoiiL burning of healthy tissue wh eecurs when X-rays have to pass through such tissues to reach cancerous growths deeper in the body.
GERM-ARRESTING GUM
Germ arresting chewing gum which would prevent and control teeth decay is seen on the horizon ml science by two New York chemists who report the belief they Really have Identified the immunity principle which prevent* decay.
Declaring science long has known that teeth of certain individuals are decay-free because of something in their saliva which inhibits the growth of “acid” bacte-V. R. KokaAnur and Murray Jelling said their research strongly indicated that “something” is organic peroxide.
lions. Switches, Curls types of finest Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co.. 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
o
Phot#
Canada's largest
IIOOKS
“Don’t put off until tomorrow what you can do today” —for by then there will be a law against it or a higher lax
CANCER AND FOODS WITH A
Soil Fertilization and of the latest , price 50 eta* feather,
PUPPIES
note on Milk. A Resume Scientific Findings
up
Edmonton, Alberta
the
BIG. particular*, R R 1
GREAT DANE PUPPIES healthy stock. For write Jesse Sheardown Embro. Ontario.
ich
HEREFORD CATTLE ROTH SKI
C. G. 3. Barons
LLB., 11023—31 Avenue
on it
SOUTHDOWN AND SUFFOLK Sheep, both aex. 1 mile east of No. 4 Highway, Lot 14. Cone
alon don
SWAP
1
A lecturer, suspecting that publicity would lessen attendance at repeat performances, asked the reporter of a local paper not to publish his address.
The reporter’s version was this: “Mr. Smith delivered an excellent lecture in the church hall. He told some very good stories, but, unfortunately, they cannot be published.”
CASH HUVERS
Oor
$90.00 WATCHMAKER’S COURS» for motorcycle, piano accordion, or best cash offer. N. Willis. Sap-ton. Manitoba.___________
15, London Township O'Neil. Denfield. RR
No. 1
WOOL BAGS. COPPER. BR A Ad Lead. Tailor's Clippings. Highest prices. 100 lbs. minimum ah Ip-Prompt remittance by Laxerfibre, 46 St. Jamee
TIRED FEET
MACHINERY AND SUPPLIES FOR
SALE
ent
£
USED TIRES
GOOD USED TIRES, ALL 8IZ Lowest prices Inquiries fnvlt Brqckton Tire. 1611 Dundee Toronto

i*que est, Montreal.
V0
NEW AND REBUILT MACHIN H:ftî of every description. Shop puss and toots. Enquiries horned The
Inery Co.,
West. Toronto
3

»
DOJPT MISS • WHITE OINTMENT
V
R Williams Mach-
Ltd
QUICK RBIJEF FROM IRRITA-
&
ecoumended Money back If not entirely satisfied. Price 75c a jar Whits Mfg. Co.. Box 164. Toronto.
64 Front Street,
10-WHEELER
INTERNATIONA!
ni
MEDICAI
i
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full partie*
our amasingly treatment Saskatoon.
Ontario
Why haven’t you pressed
the
1 bad them under the mattress all night, hut I’m such n light sleeper,” replied the recruit, meekly.
C. - 40 - F
lare regarding successful hyolood Pedigreed Products Saak.
r»tfAL AXLE drive, unit entirely record from cab To end of frame
ten good ttrea itioned: 16 feel
your trousers?" r
FARM EQUIPMENT
I
!<*¦
FANNING MILL (KLINE) FARM ¦ say beet seed grader; wild oat separator testimonials. Kilns Manufacturing, Islington. Ont.

25$ DUFFERIX—KENWOOD Tftl
TORONTO
LinimlnT
Issue No. 39 — ’39

###PAGE###4###



K
Murdock, 3rd Harry Hodgios, 4th Duncan Murdock.
Class It —Double Roadsters — l>t Harold Haye», 2nd A. R. Smiley, 3rd Erwin Smart, 4th Allen Horner.
Class 12—Saddle Horse—1st William Smith, 2nd Thomas Stevens, 3rd Allan Watchorne.
THE EQUITY
can
HODGTNS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 5, 1939
$3.25
Maple Leaf, 98 pound Bag Purity V Robin Hood Castle
Ivory Keynote-Harvest Queen “
Three Stars Nelson Golden West Winnipeg I X L Big Ben Sterling
We strongly advise you to buy at these prices.
Flour will prove to be valuable property
3.25
«(
44
44
For Registration ot Enemy Aliens
3.25
44
44
44
8ati nuAY Evening, Sept. 30th
3.00
44
44
Class 1—Single Carriage— 1st W. J. Smith, 2nd W. J. Smith, 3rd N Lewis, Class 2—Lady Driving—1st C. Rich- I ardson driven by Mrs. H. Rennick, 2nd \\\ J. Smith driven by Mrs. M. Jessup, 3rd Clive Smart driven by Mrs. Smart.
44
Five hundred and sixty cities and Canada have been designated
3.00
towns m
m points for registration of enemy aliens, it was disclosed Friday in the Canada Gazette.
All aliens of enemy nationality aie required by law to report for registration j Class 3—Double Roadster—1st Cine to the nearest registrar of enemy aliens, i Smart, 2nd 0 Richardson, 3rd Harold
CmunissimierS t Wood of the Royal Hayes, 4th A R Smiley.
Class 3—Saddle Class
Smith, 2nd D. Stephens.
Class 5—Gentlemen Driving—1st L
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
4 4
44
44
Chevrolet
Sales
3.00
i
44
44
44
3.00
44
44
3.00
44
44
44
2.90
44
44
44
1 »t W J
Canadian Mounted Police is registrar general of enemy aliens.
Members of the RC.M.P. located at	. _ n .
the designated points will act as régis Homer, 2nd \\ J Smith, 3rd L Barber, trars while members of the British and 4th C Richaadson driven by Reuben Ontario provincial police forces will act Harris.
at points in those provinces where no Class ti—Light Stallion— 1st Harold RC.M P. representatives are stationed. Hayes.
Class 7—Single Roadsters—1st À R Smiley, 2nd Lloyd Horner, 3rd L Barber, 4th Haro'd Hayes.
Social Class — 1st Lloyd Horner, 2nd A R Smiley, 3rd W J Smith, 4th L Richardson.
2.75
44
44
44
2.60
44
4»
44
2.25
44
44
44
2.25
For Your Fence
44
44
44
2.25
44
44
44

Warning to Hunters
“Now that the hunting season is op?n, it is my duty to warn the public of the dangers of various types of firearms” declared president Alfred Leduc of the Province of Quebec Safety League, at a meeting of this organization held recently.
“It is most important to know howto use firearms safely. Each year, t hrough carelessness, many jieople are killed. Hundreds of children also die from wounds caused by firearms which they took as being unloaded.
“Before using a firearm" Mr. Leduc stated, “you should break the gun, remove the holt or put the safety catch on, or if it is an automatic one, remove the magazine and the cartridges. After a misfire, one should wait at least a minute before clearing gun the gun is unloaded before cleaning it. Keep them thoroughly clean at all times and use only good ammunition.”
Mr. Leduc finally recommend that all firearms should be kept under lock and key, away from young children.
Requirements
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O.

Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
Pisa Tower Was Meant
To Lean, Historians Say
Whatever opinions may exist concerning the leaning of the famous Tower of Pisa, the tower was built leaning and has not wavered a fraction of an inch in the 600 years since it was finished, according to historians at the University of Pisa
Although popularly believed to have leaned some time after the Fourteenth century due to the sinking of the earth under the monument, records show, the scholars assert, that when construction reached a height of about 33 feet the foundation had ceded to one side by seven inches
Then, under the supervision of Bo-nanno da Pisa, the famous architect and sculptor who had carved in bronze the great door for the Duo-mo in Pisa, it is believed that Bo-nanno decided to preserve this lean, both from a desire to attempt a new application of statics and because of the fame that woG’d come to him if he succeeded.
Lewie, 2nd Im Hanna.
Jersey Bull, any age—1st Leonard Horner, 2nd Leonard Horner.
Exhibit Cattle—G T IMgg & Son.
- — HOGS —
Select Bacon Hog—1st Llewelyn Hodgins, 2nd Claude Elliott.
Best Exhibit of Hogs—1st Claude Elliott.
Special Prize Winners at Day Shows at Shawville Fair
It cost very little more per acre for c good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
- HORSES —
Foal of Season—let R C Horner, 2nd Arthur Kilgour.
Single Agricultural Mare or Gelding—
Ut L A Smart, 2nd Harry Hodgins.
Clyde Stallion—1st Foster Dowe, 2nd Fred Horner.
Single General Purpose Mare or Gelding—1st Geo Sparling.
Percheron Hulling—1st Gordon Rich ardson, 2nd E'lard Johnston.
One-year-old Colt or Filly—1st Irvine Brownlee, 2nd Geo Knox.
One-year-old Colt or Filly, heavy— Province of Quebec \
1st Harry Coriigan, 2nd George L Municipality of Shawville I
Rtlgilm Stallion—1st 0 \ Howard. , blh We i« hereby given that
Single Draft Mare or Gelding 1,11 'be li;t of Parliamentary Electors for Jaa CutbDertson, 2nd W 0 Corrigan hhe Legialativo Assembly for thi*
Agricultural Team in Harness-Ut Municipality, is now made and com L A Smart. 2nd Duncan Murdock. |. eted and has been approved by the
Hackney Stallion-1st Harold Hayes Municipal Council of Mmwv.lle, at their
Draft Team in harness- 1st W 0 meeting on September .1 Si h, 1B36, and
Corrigan. 2nd Edwin Pirie.	that copies of these lists are now, and
Iwo-year-old Colt or Filly—1st Harry will remain in my possession, for the ¦ J	|	inaction of all partie» interested.
Given at Shawville, Que, this 19th
day of September, 1939.
-SHEEP —
Purebred Rim—1st Newton Lewis, 2nd David McDowell.
Purebred Ewe—1st Alf. Elliott, 2nd David McDowell, 3rd Roland Graham.
,
He sure
/
J. L. HOIJGINS
NOTICE
Phone 64 J.
5555 v % % 5 5555 •’ v • 1- 5 2 5555 5 5 5
/Vizizfziz'z viz v iazIziziziziziz izviy’yvziyt/
Great Britain to Fight Until Decisive Victory Is Gained
London, Oct. 1 .—(CP) — Winston Churchill, First Lord of the Admiralty, tonight told the Empire that “it was for Hitlei to say when the war would begin, but it is not for him or his successor to say when it will end."
DALE’S TINSHOP
In defense of this explanation, it is pointed out that towers similar in design to the one in Pisa were H	.	throughout northern Italy
Mr. Churchill, in a broadcast, said during the Tenth. Eleventh and that Great Britain was determined Twelfth centuries, and that Bor.anr.o to press the war against Germany “until might well have wished to be dis
tinguished for something more than a bell tower to supplement Pisa's new cathedral and chapel. Thus, although Bunar.ro did not live to see the tower completed, he had so far advanced its construction when he died that his successors, Gugl elmo d Innsbruck and Tom maso Pisano,
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
Hodgin», 2nd Duncan Murdock.
General Purpose Team in harness—1st
Llewelyn Horigins, 2nd Geo Sparling.
Two-year-old Colt or Filly, light—1st Tims E Bean, 2nd Gordon Gibbons. % lload Teajn —1st Mrs A Horner, 2nd Harold Hayes.
Driving by Roy or Girl under 17—1st Bud Findlay, 2nd Giant Eudes.
Single Carriage Mare or Gelding W J Smith, 2nd Newton Lewis..	Canada
Hitch and Unhitch by («enCetuen Province of Quebec had no choice but to continue in Single Outfit—1st Lindsay Richardson, District of Pontiac his footsteps	¦	‘
HARLAND C. ROW AT
Secretary Treasurer % Municipality of Shawville
decisive victory is gained. ’
How soon the war will end, depends upon “how long Herr Hitler and his group of wicked men whose hands are stained with blood and soiled with corruption can keep their grip upon the docile, unhappy German people.*'.
His voice ringing with confidence, the First Lord of the Admiralty said no British ship had been attacked by U-boats during the past week because of
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
11 We have tfie oceans

NOTICE

i
??

¦ Findlay Furnaces
BS Insures Your Heating QB Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
2nd Harold Elliott.
Road Mare or Griding—1st Lloyd ! Horner, 2nd Clive Smart.
We have the Charleston Market Kept	Pair of Heavy Horses in harness—
frt-ely given ardent support of the 20,-	,.	c- „ a,	, 7qa 1st Thoa Bean. „
000,000 of British citizens in the self-	^lte ^‘ncc About I /9U	Lady Driver-1st W J Smith, 2nd
governing Dominions of Canada, Aus- The old Charleston market in New Clive Smart, 3rd Harold Hayes India, New Zealand and South Afriea York has undergone extensive re- Saddle Horse—1st W J Smith, 2nd We have the heart nf moral convictions pairs more than once since it was B C Horner.
of India on our side.	first erected on its present site some pair Matched Roadsters—1st Mrs A
“We believe we are entitled to the time between 1790 and 1803. Though	Horner. 2nd A Smiley,
respect and good will nf the world and j antedated by a beef market, which Pair Horses in Harness—1st	Edwin
particularly of the United States.” I stood from early days almost where pjKe, 2nd Harry Corrigan, 3rd Thomas He warned his listeners that “we have the city hall is now, and by a fish	Bran,
not yet come at all to the severity of the I mart established in 1770 on an East Gentleman Driver—1st	W	J	Smith,
fighting which is to be expected”, but j bay water lot opposite the end of	2nd IJoyd Horner,
listed “three important things” that have : Queen street, the present institution Single Road Mare r r Gelding—1st happened during the short course of j seems to have been the first general Lloyd Horner, 2nd Lindsay Richardson, hostilities :	market in Charleston.	Foal of Season, Reveur de Dintnt,
1—Poland has been over-run by Gtr	It stands on made ground where (Q A Howard & Sons) 1st Xorval Wil-
many and Soviet Russia but “the soul formerly a creek ran, says the	2nd Xorval Wilson.
™ STrS. j'üZSnszï?"’(1*'a'"”' Æyjyg»
<¦«1 an eastern front “which Nazi Ger- row canal, which stretched through Foa| Season. Dainty Prince George COmT office stvi™sdous savs A
SS;
*P|1S1 inaiü
Mr. Churchill referred to the tre- buildings were not to be put	__ CATTLE -
mendous resources of Canada" in de-	remain” A pUt annexé to Herd HoDteins-Dt Walter Kilgour. j ward simplicity, beauty and com-
the deed shows the canal, crossed at tnd Arthur Kilgour, 3rd Leonard tfor ,ort Windows are as much as 50
“We must always remember that the %wnor s'bridge/' Md"the^thlee Herd Ayrshire,-1„ Geo T Dagg and ^as and greater use of full-length
Son, 2nd S W MacKechnie, 3rd Fred glass partitions and mirrored walls Horner.	give modern offices abundant nat-
Herd Shorthorns—1st Dalton Russell, ural light and spaciousness/’
2nd Percy Ih&bms, 3rd H T Argue Holstein Hull Calf—1st Iverson Harris, 2nd Leonard Horner.
Ayrshire Bull Calf—1st Geo T Dagg	........	.
and Son, 2nd S W MacKechnie, 3rd States are divided into four classes, Fred Horner "	*	\	according to their annual receipts.
Jersey Bull Calf-let Leonard Horner, ^ the first class are those with re-2nd H T Argue	ceipts of $40,000 or more a year;
Shorthorn Bull Calf - 1st Newton the second class includes post of-
Lewis. 2nd Ira Hanna.	I whose annual business amounts
Holstein Heifer Calf- 1st Iverson to from $8,000 to $40,000; third-clasa
Harris, 2nd Walter Kilgour, 3rd Arthur	have receipts from $1.500 to
Kil ’r	$8,000 Postmasters of these three
Ayrshire Heifer CJf-l.t Geo T classes appointed by the President Dagg A Son, 2nd S W MacKechnie 3rd e*cePl d“f‘n8 ‘he W,llon admmts-8 W MacKechnie,	; lrati.°n- ^#n lhe> we«	the
Jersey Heifer Calf-let Leonard Hor «•£» 'X^em were placed in the
Ini Vim Luc. W Uocrd Mo, JJ»,,
Shorthorn Huile CM-,., L,..*. \	«“i'SS
No. 4740
m
Superior Court -*Pontiac
JOSEPH ALPH. MIGNEAULT,
merchant, of the Village of Bryson, district of Pontiac,"Plaintif ;

vs
HILDAGE PAQUIN, formerly of the Township of Ôran-> Calumet Island, district of Pontiac, and actually of the place called Ramore, in the Province of Ontario, Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Campbell’s Bay, Sept. 13th, 1939.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU
P. S. 0.
pistrict of Pontiac
DALE’S TINSHOP,
Shawville Quebec

ESTABLISHED 1883
^INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Direslirs cf Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
style over 20 or 30 years ago/’ Mr. Alexander says. “The trend is to-
Phone 80
scribing Britain's strength in facing a long war.
command of the seas will enable us to , bring the immence resources of Canada | projecting juilding*.
Wi the new world into play as a decisive ultimate air factor, beyond the reach of what we have to give andl take over here.”
*
Beattie’s Eye Service
Tar Heels Proud of Tarnish
North Carolinians are proud of the ireen-tarnished dome of the state :apital in Raleigh. Built 100 years igo, the capital was given a bright opper-coated dome; time and veather has turned the copper to a >right blue-green. When a bill came HHH H HH H ip before the legislature, a few Class 3—Heavy Stallion—1st G. A I /ears ago, to re-copper the dome, Howard. 2nd Foster Dowe, 3rd Ellard | r at least shine it, the motion was Johnston, 4th Gordon Richardson
Four Post Office Classes
The post offices of the United
Special Prize Winners at Night Shows
Thirty-live years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientist' Eye Examination»
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
Friday, Sipt. 29th
as lobbyists" claimed that Class 4—Single Carriage—1st Win. vould take away much of the at-Smith, 2nd Newton Lewis, 3rd Wm. nosphere and antiquity of the build-Smith, 4th James Richardson.	ng
Class 6—General Purpose Team —1st _WÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊEÊKKÊKÊÊ Gerald Sparling, 2nd Herbie Horigins,
-3rd Thomas Beau.	Europe Uses Moat Fertilizer
Class G—Single Roadster—1st Lloyd Consumption of fertilizer in the Horner, 2nd Clive Smart, 3rd Lindsay nited States is at the rate of five Richardson, 4th À. H. Smiley.	ounds per acre per farm. • Na-
Class 7—Best Draft or Agricultural ons of Europe rank fah ahead of Team for Silver Cup—W. G. Corrigan. us country in fertilizer use. Hol-Class 8—Most Ridiculous Outfit—1st ind uses 99 pounds of chemical 0L K. Rennick, 2nd M. H McDowell. lant food per acre annually, Bel-Class 9—Lndy Driving—1st Mis* L. | ium 80 and Germany 67. Then Barber, 2nd Miss L Hynes, 3rd Mis» ime Denmark with 40, Norway A Carey, 4th Miss L. Wilsonx	itb 29 and Sweden with 22 pounds
Class 10—8w**le Agricultural Mare | 'rar.ee uses 21 pounds per acre, or Gelding—1st L A. Smart, 2nd Dun- 'taly 17 and Great Britain 12.
ner
Horigins, 2nd Wm Lucas, 3rd Percy Dab ms.
Milch Cow, any breed-US W Mac Kechnie. 2nd Geo T Dagg & Son, 3rd Arthur Kilgour.
Holstein Bull, any age—1st Walter Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog Kilgour.	from prize-winning stock. Service fee
Ayrshire Bull—1st Oeo T Dagg à 1100. Apply to Son, 2nd 8 W MacKechnie	Wilmer H. Hononca,
Shorthorn Bull, any age—1st Newton wS-' &:r R. K. No. I, Shawville.
i year
Hog Fop Service
T.T. BEATTIE.
Professional OptomoUiat
KATHLEENS. ROLUNS
Prof e salon* I Opto mot fiat.
###PAGE###5###

- >»**¦ •*
mr
ür #
2X201; Service Announcement
e	"	" "r“
SlIAWVIM-K UNITED CHVRCH
i F. tot» 6. A , B.D PasU
Sunday, October 8
1 b»nk*«iving Service a Mi iw ville.
I 1.3 » p ni S' » v ce nt Ziun 3 00 p m.—Service at Shirk a Corners
Sermon by the Pastor : “Being thankful r t-ven in these days",
7 30 n.ni.~ Missionary Picture Service wB	“War, Flood
I and Famine in Chi ni, and how the Church is helping".
4 00
*	• M r a » ,
The Equity
I
Quality Shoes
Sleep For Health The Simmons Way
1
labll
You’l Admire
)
H7HMMIIKD RVKKY TIIVRUVAT AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
11.00 a m
#
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with built m
steel arch, a ml solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75
annual subscription
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦il r>0
Anywhere in Canada To United States.../.
• #
2.00
Brown Calf Brogue’s—A famite style with men Good Year Solid Leather Sole .
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
Grace” Bed Outfit

at Shaw ville. Subject
All arrears mint be paid In full before any paper la discontinued
$3.95
IMf
W. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Bristol V ku*ki> Church C. AiiM^TUoxu-SAî.Ky, B. D.
Sunday, October 8
St. Andre vs Sunday School 10 00 a. rr.
Service
Sunday School 2 00 p. m
3.00 p. ro
Sunday School 10.30 a. m
§0 p. m
Serinen Subject ‘—“Being Thankful”
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, October 8
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Morning Prayer.
7.30	p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Lukk/s
l .00 p. m—Sunday School i 30 p. in.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. m.—Sunday School 3.00 p m.—Evening Prayer
Pariah of North Clarkndon
iter. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, October 0
10.30—Charter in, Holy Communion 2 30—Thorne Centre, Harvest Thanksgiving Service.
7.30-r-Oreermount, H invest Thanksgiving Service.



Auto Was Foreshadowed In Early 15th Century
The idea of ti. :t mobile dates back to the Fifteenth century, according to Amer tear Petro’cum institute The scientists in Leonardo da Vinci's time did not visualize the streamlined vehicle of today, but they toyed with the idea Ofemi* ing air and fuel, igniting the mixture in an engine and using the power for driving machinery.
There were all kinds of ancient ideas about the internal combustion engine. In the Seventeenth century a Dutch scientist, Christian Huyg-hens, proposed to manufacture a • gunpowder engine." It was not so good, but it renewed interest in the possibilities of the internal combustion engine.
In the Eighteenth century people were agog over an engine which would run on coal gas It was built by John Barber, an Englishman Designs were improved, development was expedited, and the internal combustion engine manufacturing industry really was born. There were “double-acting" engines which used the crankshaft, connecting rods and piston assembly about the same as they arc used in the modern internal combustion engine.
The German engine designer, Otto, adapted the principles of the first four-stroke-cycle theory advanced by the French scientist, Beau de Rochas It became the forerunner of today's four-cycle automotive gasoline engine.
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather with leather soles. Special
$2.95
1 1.C0 a. m
wm

# #
Knfi*


Service
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work
Auiitin,

Service
v

MÊ
ft
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
A*

Phone 43




Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher



mm
Attractively priced and pleasing in design, the bed is made with shaped Graceline tubing decorated ten inch panel.
The cable spring is the high riser type, the mattress, cotton filled.
This bed outfit is recommended where quality
and economy must prevail.
Special
PRINTING
$19.95
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
# #
• • • •
Steel Used fer Sports
' Today and Years Ago
Steel or iron have been favored for sports equipment since ancient times when Greek athletes hurled the javelin in their games, and then down through the Middle ages when armored knights tested their skill in tournaments.
Today steel is more prominent than ever in sports and games, and every year millions of pounds of steel are bought in the form of sport > and recreation equipment. , When many modern sports were developed, wood and leather were used widely, but the trend is now toward steel where speed, strength and safety are important.
Golf, a game in which little steel was once used, in 1938 absorbed about 1,069,000 pounds in the manufacture of new golf clubs, exclusive of other uses on the golf courses.
Of the total for golf clubs, 175,000 pounds of steel were used for the shafts of wood-headed clubs, while 894,000 pounds were used for the shafts and heads of irons. On the golf courses, indeterminate amounts of steel were used for pins to mark the steel cups, and for watering equipment, pails, mowers and \oth-er machinery for upkeep.	.
The Commodore Studio
I
Tower of Pisa Has U. S. RiviK
The Leaning Tower of P sa in Italy, long considered a world wonder, has its living counterpart in the famed Grizzly Giant, a towering Sequoia tree in Yosemite National park, comparative figures reported to the national park service regional office of the interior department disclosed.
Figures from Yosemite reveal that the big tree, 209 feet high, leans 18.3 feet off center or approximately four degrees and 58 minutes. So well known for its off-center'angle of four degrees and 27 minutes or 14 feet, the Tower of Pisa. 179 feet high, leans less than the Grizzly Giant. While the angle is so apparent in the latter, it is far less noticeable in the great. Sequoia due to its large spreading branches and proximity of surrounding trees.
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters Labels;
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags

*****



.....y->W

!

bmp

A
-

1


r

"

Lower priced studios are available. .Yes. .but
This is a SIMMONS
not of this quality, quality product, built to rigid specifications, and sold only in these higher grade
A dual purpose item.
%
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
An
coverings.
$32.50
Same Flour, More Bread Larger loaves of bread ran be baked from the same amount of flour heretofore used by first adding a small amount of Vitamin C to the flour, according to a patent awarded to Holger Jorgensen of Copenhagen, Denmark. Vitamin C has been identified as ascorbic acid and It is the latter that the inventor mixes into the dough before baking. Only infinitesimal amounts of the vitamin are used—five one hundred-thousandths of a part of ascorbic acid* for every part of flour. In experiments, loaves of bread 12 5 per cent greater in volume were obtained from flour containing the vitamin than bread baked from the same amount of flour to which the vitamin had not been added.
unusual special at
grocery Department
Emperor Norton
One of the most picturesque figures of American history was Emperor Norton I. Norton the First to San Francisco in 1849 and
25c
Sweet Mixed Biscuits, 2 lbs. Walker’s Sodas, 2 lbs Grapefruit Juice. 50 ounces Newport Fluffs with tumbler ... Pound Bar Laundry Soap, 3 for
Soap Chips, 3 lbs...
Bulk Green Tea. 3 lbs
25c
MacLean’s
• #
24c
came
declared himself emperor of the United - States and Mexico went about in a faded blue uniform and plumed hat and issued his own * money and “Imperial bonds of the Empire." “It is counterfeit,” cried : the bankers. The emperor laughed. “How can a government make counterfeit money?" he asked. He had them. And although he was considered insane when he demanded the construction of a bridge between San Francisco and Oakland, today sane engineers have completed that
self an enormous following including newspaper editors, and when he died, he was given a magnificent
funeral.


25c
He
RED & WHITE STORE
19c
. 25c
LSI-oo
******
#**##**###
###*
# 9
"Tha Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Pickling and Preserving Necessities

î
Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
“ pints
Happy Hunting Ground
In its beautiful natural selling. Sun valley, Idaho, is a happy hunting ground for the fan who does his shooting with a camera. This
western region is en
He attracted to him-
$1.00
n
«4
44
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
25 cts. 06 "
44
44
Zink Rings Rubber Rings XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gal 40	“
10 “ 05 “
44
»
44
picturesque .	¦ H J
circled by the Sawtooth range of mountains where deer, elk, big-horn sheep, mountain goat and antelope roam the slopes There are oppor-(unities for the camera hunter to
and “shoot" it in There are many
Cherry Named for Chinaman
Oregon’s famous Bing cherry, developed by Seth Lewelling of Milwaukee, was named in honor of his Chinese servant, Bing, a stalwart Manchu from northern China. When the new cherry matured the question of a name was discussed. Bing had worked on the row where the new cherry was growing. “That was Bing’s row," said Lewelling. “Bing’s a big man, and the cherry is big, so Bing shall be its name." After 30 years' service in the Lewelling nursery Bing returned to China to visit his family, and while there the Oriental exclusion act went into effect, preventing him from returning to America.
Pickling Spice, 4 oz. pkg
O <4	44
School
Supplies
44
44
Roy G. fraser
stalk big game
its native subjects tor the fan of artistic taste
There is wild life, primitive scenery, western characters, fast sport action and turbulent water scenea in the Salmon river country.
10 “ 28 “
55 “
15 “
Mustard, pure, bulk, \ lb. Keen's Mustard,HHH
tin
44 44
Flower», Gift», Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 880 Rhone 160
é 44 44
44
44
Parawax, per pound
Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed,
Cassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
Inks,
Pens,
Pencils,
Scribblers,
Note Books, Fountain Pens, Eversh%rpe Pencils
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We invite your patronage orders of #1.00 or over, phone us collect #5 00 or over phone as collect and we shall prepay.
On
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
will remain in my possession, for the tion of all parties interested.
at Shawville, Que., this 5th day of September. 1939.
JOHN A. DEAN,
Secretary Treasurer Municipality of Clarendon
On orders of
NOTICE
ue
Oiv^n
ins
Canadian Shoes
Every Canadian buys more than two pairs of shoes a year according
to calculations made by government statisticians. In 1937 th* consumption was 2.22 pairs for every man, woman and child in the dominion or a total of 24,649,521 pairs. Of this number, Canadian factories supplied approximately 24,000,000 at the same time manufacturing 355,300 | pairs for export purposes.
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given that the H«ts of Parliamentary Electors for the Legislative Assembly, for this
made and com-
THE CORNER STORE
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Cemetery Donations
Mr. John R. McDowell desires tr
anytime between 7 n
Ph
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
que.
Municipality, tt now pi sted and has been approved by the Municipal Council of Clarendon, at
their meeting on Sept. 5th, 1939, andpHH	| H
that copies of these lists are now, and ment <-( Maple Grove Cemetery.
2
4
and 11 p. m,
acknowledge the receipt of #5 00 fmm Mrs Albert Armitage for the improve
Chicken Supper every evening from 5.80 until 10.00 p.nr, At Bristol's Biggest Bazaar, October 17th,
18th and 19th.	« > $ ‘j
1
SHAWVILLE,
###PAGE###6###
Rural Ontario Will Have Millions More To Spend
Use Corn Syrup And Save Sugar
NEWS
O
THE MILITARY MARCHES
NTARIO
UÏDOORS
PARADE
Thousand* of Women Are Doing Their Preserving That Way
!
By VIC BAKER
ONTARIO OUTDDOORS .. HAPPY DAYS AHEAD
Rising Prices Due to the War Situation Are Coupled With Feral lent Crops
KALEIDOSCOPE: For us away
over here in Canada it's very hard on the nerves constantly having to re-adjust ourselves to a now picture of the world last week, today, tomorrow. As each new shift occurs in the combinations of world powers, we are forced to acquire on the instant an entirely new set of opinions, predictions, hopes.
But what of those nations in Europe’s theatre of war for whom the changing situation means more than a re-orientation of viewpoint? For whom any move or realignment of major powers may bring terror, death, changed lives?
With sugar hard to get lu sufficient quantities and a fine luscious crop of peaches aud other fruits waiting to be preserved, make your supply of sugar go further by using part Bee Hive Syrup instead of all sugar. We'll wager you'll be pleasantly surprised and delighted to discover what a tempting improvement Bee Hive Syrup can make to your preserves. Try these ideal proportions for a heavy aud medium canning syrup developed by a well-known authority.
For Peaches And Plume
A grand tasting heavy canning syrup Is made by using the following proportions: 1 cup of Bee Hive Syrup. 1 cup of sugar and 1 cup of water. Bring mixture to a boil and boll for 3 minutes. (4 times these quantities for a 6 quart basket of6 fruit).
Wheat, Omta, Barley, Cattle, Sheep Cheese, Butter All Register Increases
ft

With the hunting season about to open, happy days lie ahead for nimrods throughout Ontario. A consensus of reports from expert* on the hunting outlook in the province indicates that prospects look even better than last year’s successful hunting season.
In many part* of Ontario moose, deer and black bear are reported to be abundant. Among the districts in which the outlook is particularly good, especially for moose hunting, are Metagama, Chapleau, Nicholson, Schreiber and Nipigon.
Ring Necked Pheasants
Excellent sport for Ontario shotgun shooters is promised this year as the Ontario Department of Game and Fisheries completes Re annual distribution of more than 30,000 ring-necked pheasants throughout the province. The birds will be released in townships establishing protected game areas and an open season will be declared this fall.
Killed On The Highway»
And while we’re on the subject of hunting, let’s say a few words about the astounding amount of game killed annually on the highways of this continent. After reading this note we trust you will exercise as much caution as possible in driving through wooded areas in order to reduce the amount of wildlife destroyed by motorists. The Ohio division of conservation has just issued the following figures for game found dead on the highways of Ohio from May 21 to July 1 of this year:	Rabbits. 2,620; pheasants,
456; oppossums, 414; quail, 361; deer, 3.
Admittedly, in many instances, it is impossible to avoid hitting some of the smaller animals and game birds, but the exercise of due caution will unquestionably cut down the destruction of game.
Rural Ontario will have millions more dollars to spend this year. Excellent crops combined with a sharp rise In prices following the outbreak of war In Eu increased purchasing power for the farmer, more lncomf for the general population, Improved business conditions throughout Ontario.
1
r
It Is Inevitable that the World War will bring to Canada am enormous Increase In national purchasing power and In Production, employment, agricultural buying power oannet help but be tremendously stimulated by the conditions which this conflict will orsato k a country situated as ws are.
—The Financial Post

rope mean

%
A three million bushel increase In the fall wheel cron plus a lie-jump in price over last year means more than $3,000,000 to the Ontario farmer. Oats are up 12c, barley, So. Cattle prices have risen sharply. Here Is a comparison of prices as at September 14, 1939 and September 14, 1938:
NEIGHBORS: Keeping up with the times these days involves watching the map very closely, letting nothing escape you. Notice that Germany and Russia, Hungary and Russia, are new next-door neighbors? Imagine waking up one morning tc find the Red Army looking in your front window Î
the estimated total production. Bet the future effect to the farmer od •uoh a good crop Is problematical due to the uncertainty of export markets In the present war situation. Pears and grapes are quite good, and the peach crop Is e bumper one, but again the possible curtailment of home consumption. If a shortage of sugar for preserving Is experienced, may offset the benefits of these excellent fruit crops.
Reviewing the agricultural situation as a whole. It Is unmistakably clear that the Ontario farmer at the present moment is jn a better position financially than for many seasons past. He Is going to have more money to spend, and retailers and manufacturers throughout the province will benefit directly, as result of his greater demand. Looking ahead right now, business is going to be good.
Sept. 14/39 Sept. 14/38
10.20
9.67
Calves
Butcher Steers Hand) weight Limit) a Bacon hogs

For Pears
A fine medium canning syrup Is made by using; the following proportions: 1 cup of Bee Hive Syrup, 1 cup of sugar and 2 cups of water. Bring mixture to a boll and boil for 3 minutes. (About S times these quantities for a 6 quart basket of fruit.)
Emergency Sugarless Recipe
(In the event of sugar being unobtainable)
Combine equal parts Bee lllve Syrup and water—bring to bolt and boll 5 minutes.
Note: The editorial department has on hand a number of recipes for doing preserving without sugar. We will be glad to supply these on receipt of a stamped, self addressed envelope.

6.70

7.37

a
8 06
9 55


9 67
9 47
Tobacco’s Big Market The quality of leaf In Ontario tobacco this year is exceptionally good. This means much with respect to the price the growers will receive for their product. The total production for both hurley and flue-cured is up from last year due to Increased acreage. The hurley crop is estimated at from between 13,000,000 to 15.000,000 pounds, In comparison with last year's 10,600,000. In the Empire market Canadian tobacco has a distinct advantage over American tobacco which is heavily dutiable.
HIGHWAY SITUATION: For the
duration of the present war, highway construction in Ontario will be at a standstill, it is announced from Queen's Park. One or two jobs under way in Northern Ontario are likely U be completed, but as far as the rest of the province is concerned, highway | expenditure will be limited to essential repair works.
A
Into Fall, and Larains Day chooesd ibis two-piece suit with cadets Jacket featuring high cellar In dark rreaa felt, flat silver buttons and cadet*» •tripes In dark green felt down the •klrt.
VOICE
of the
PRESS
JAPAN’S BIG DRIVE: Military >bservers at Chungking, China, are convinced that Japan is planning a large-scale offensive in China during October. They believe that ‘‘a final attempt to subjugate China'" will be undertaken with confidence at that time by the Japanese because of the fact that the European powers which for-” merly provided assistance bo China would no longer be able to do so because of the European war. A grand concerted offensive on a scale not hitherto attempted is expected.
Cheese, Butter Up
Cheese production in Ontario U up 2% over last year. The price per pound rose two cents between the middle ol August aud the middle of September to 13.5, which, however, is no higher than the average at that time of year for the past six years. Butter production Is down 3% but the price per pound at the middle of September had risen to 27c, the 1937 price, which was much higher than the average September price for the past six years.
The apple crop in Ontario this season is much above the average for recent years. 836.000 barrels is
Record Bean
Harvest Seen
Mfa BEE HIVE

JUST A RADIO DRAMA
Each morning we wake up still hoping to find that it is all just another fantasy staged by Orson Welles.—Saturday Night.
$1,500,000 Harvest Is Being Threshed In Six Counties of Ontario
e
.11
ni
FORTIFIED WITH SUGAR
Some hysterical people seem to think a house surrounded by sand bags isn't as well fortified as a home packed with bags of sugar. —Toronto Telegram.
A $1,500.000 harvest has been started on 57.000 acres of white beans grown in Essex, Kent, Elgin, Middlesex, Lambton and Huron counties.
The largest acreage of beans ever grown lu Chatham area Is expected to bring returns to farmers on an average, $1.10 a bushel.
Army May Eat Them
Beans are an essential part of the army bill of fare and a sal# to this department will aid materially in off setting the closing of a European market brought on by the present war.
The European market was opened less than two years ago to Canadian beans when Japan, the principal producer, became Involved in the Chinese war and had to relax Its hold on the mart. Since that time the Ontario crop enjoyed competitive success and prospects indicated that this year would have proven very favorable.
Queen's Park
Is Barricaded
GERMANY’S STRATEGY: Now
that Poland has been subjugated, Germany’s broad strategy is to bring Rumania under its control, and to marshal Russia, Italy and Spain as its “complete allies” between now and next spring, the Manchester Guardian believes. This well-known Brtiish newspaper declares that Germany hopes that by spring the divisions released from Poland and Rumania will be in Northern Italy and that France can be taken by a German and Italian invasion from the south; while the Mediterranean Sea and Northern Africa will be made insecure for the western powers with the help of Spain, who by that time will have been brought into closer association with the axis.
e
Model Barbed Wire Fence Constructed on Orders of Mr.
Conan t
NO PARLOR TRICKS
If you want to know what the people in London arc doing in the evenings stay home, pull the blinds all down and see if you can entertain yourself.—Peterborough Examiner.
“After a short period of hesitation and quietness, it Is very likely that business wilt improve and that under the impact of war demand productive activity aud. consequently, Individual and business incomes, will rise substantially."
—Hon. J. L. Ilsley, Minister of National Revenue, In Budget speech.
Workmen have constructed at Queen's Park, Toronto, a model barbed wire barricade of the type to be used around Hydro plants and other prohibited ireas of the province.
Attorney General CouauL ordered construction of the s tuple entanglement following a session of what has come to be known at Queen’s Park as his “wa * council." The council Is composed of Commls-clal police officers, Major Alex Lewis, Inspector of the Veterans’ guard, Hydro officials and representatives of the Canadian Legion.
Drum Type of Entanglement
The barricade ia of the drum type of entanglement such as warn used In the last stages of the Great War. Blueprints of the barricade are being made and sent to municipal authorities throughout the province so they may employ the same type in any protective precautions they are taking locally.
yfH
»
TO LOOK FORWARD TO
Hay fever victims have something to look forward to with hopefulness—the first frost. After the first frost, they can settle down and look forward to the early part of next September, but not hopefully.—Kitchener Record.
f

9
PARKING NOT A RIGHT
Motorists should remember that parking is only a privilege, not a right. A motorist has no more right to leave his car standing on a street than he would have to dump a load of bricks or firewood beside the curb. If all would pay due respect to their privileges there would not be so much trouble; but the few who abuse it make it necessary to curtail the privilege of all others.—Owen Sound Sun-Times.
’Twould make little difference, of course, to the lines of this broad strategy, if, in the meantime, a European “peace” had been con-
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Ne her
When his 27-year-old bride refused to live with him until he found work, an 84-year-old Cape Town man begged the labor department to find him a job.
z
Y,
%
eluded.
Pearl Essence From Herrings
/////
%
IM
FI
X"?
4SI
Books And You
Fish Scales Shipped To United States From New Brunswick —Deposits of Crystals
4 tr
BY
£
rA
Z


ELIZABETH EEDY
Children To See
Films In School
'/
A NAME FOR THE WAR
No one has yet provided the war which started a few weeks ago with a distinctive name so that it might be the more easily distinguished from the Great War of 1914-18. The struggle of 20 years ago is still so freÿi in the minds of the people and the effects of it still so apparent that it has up xto the present, been known largely as The War. Some term will have to be found to indicate the distinction
£
Reports to *se Dominion department of fisheries from Its inspectors in the southwestern New Brunswick area tell of the continuation of business in herring scales, which are shipped to the United States where they are used in producing pearl essence which, in turn, is used In making artificial pearls, knife h ndles, etc. The scale business is not very large, although In 1937 it amounted to slightly more than $12,500, all of It done by New Brur ick fishermen.
In making pearl essence the lustrous particles adhering to the scales are removed by a special process and held suspended in water. Later, the excess water ie drawn off and the essence remains. Th lustrous particL/, by the way, are deposits of very thin bladelike crystals of pure guanin in the epidermis of the fish. The crystals, scientists say, are roughly proportionate to the e of the fish from which they come; thus; the crystals from the sardine herring are much smaller than those from larg- | •r fish and make an essence of i finer quality.
7/
E
THE DAY-BY-DAY COOK BOOK
By Demetria Taylor and Gertrude'
Lynn
Co implied by two home economics experts on the staff of a well-known woman’s magazine, this volume is no ordinary cook book. It contains balanced menus for every day of the year, with 1,047 tested recipes. It answers four problems the average housewife of average means faces today : menu planning, marketing, balancing menys from a nutritional standpoint, fitting new recipes into the dally menu. A complete Index by dishes and ingredients makes the recipes immediately available for reference.
The book is very attractively put out in green covers, is illustrated with handsome photographs.
"Day - By • Day Cook Book” . . . by Taylor and Lynn utsfcn Book Co. . .

British documentary and educational films so impressed visitors to the British Theatre in the Government Pavilion at the New York World's Fair that a separate cinema was set up by a Teachers Association in connection with the “School of Tomorrow” to feature many of the educational subject*. Visiting educationalists were thus enabled to keep abreast of British progress in visual education.
In order that Canadian shool children, who were unable to visit the Fair, may have the opportunity of seeing many of these pictures in their classrooms, British Acoustics Films e Limited have completed arrangements with Associated Screen News Limited of Montres 1 for their distribution in Canada.
e
1
Port Arthur News-Chron-

icle
V
Although tractors did not come into general use until the war years, an English paper notes that there was an agricultural motor on exhibition in 1904
has been made since that date in efficiency and adaptability making them serious rvials of the horse.

Much pro-
4T


Toronto
M
*2.50
"Whaddya mean I stole the election •
I paid cash for it, didn't

• • e
REG LAR FELLERS
The Silver Lining
By GENE BYRNES

WHAT ARE YOU
60 WORRIED
ABOUT, PINHEAD [
I VB ÇOTTA THIVRIP CARD TOW



Writing Champ
XM^AB
AN HE'LL
#
ME
As the result of a vow taken 39 years ago to write to her sisters every day, a 08-year-old Birmingham, England, woman has written 72,980 letters containing 14,596,000 words, emptied 1,014 bottles of ink and spent $2,500 on postage stamps.
KNEE
MM*

>
» %
[7


% 4
m
*

<
?
i
T-l
,5
$ »,

4
Each year damage to sheep and wool by lice and ticks amounts to thousands of dollars. The damage could be lessened If growers dipped their sheep.

$5

'
ifi i
Ft
*

**91 ( *wm-
U •

###PAGE###7###

enough to ep/ead. Add vanilla and beat very fluffy.
Ilow much did the tall, sea r-f act'd man know about what was going
DELICIOUS REFRESHING
I
T
T
ROYAL GUARDS AGAINST BAKING FAILURES
on?
?
A Tapping Noise
Claire stood before the mantel, looking at the cryptic broken arrow. What could it mean? Was her uncle trying. In vain, to point out something from beyond the grave? And why had he gone to such weird lengths to conceal this message of the House of Long Shadows? Almost as though the answer had been spoken, came tto thought of Susie, and her sly, inquisitive searching.
Claire moved to the bookcase and again took down the red volume of poems in which her uncle had written the four lines of verse. "Wedded pines above me lie." She laid the book down on the radiator. Why, the great pine tree by the house was two trees grown together! Could Lyman Fosdlck have been thinking of that? The girl walked to the window and looked at the majestic spreading branches. Perhaps the tree held the secret of the hidden Jewel.
Suddenly , her attention was caught by another sound. She held her breath and listened. Regularly and at even Intervals came the same tapping noise that had startled her In Lyman Fosdlck's bedroom. The room was directly above the library.
A
MOCHA CREAM FILLING
2 tablespoons pastry flour 2 tablespoons cornstarch
Two-thirds cup granulated su
A
|ÊÊÊM*


B
L

• •
; > ;

1

L
K

gar

*>4 teaspoon salt 1% cups milk
2 squares unsweetened chocolate 1 beaten egg yolk % teaspoon vanilla
À
E
S
I ^
m.
%

iK*0$E
AlwAt$
put»'
fUU-S*
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Combine the dry Ingredients
Then scald together
Si
% I a
TWO PARTY CAKES
Vacation days are about over, the pantry shelves and also all the containers are about taxed to the limit of their capacity. The busy homemaker turns to the other cooking with a little more serious planning and thought. Desserts are departing from the fresh fruit concoction to something different, and cake plays a very important part In this departure. I am very partial to basic recipes for light and dark cake adding variations by icing and fillings about which I shall write you later, but for this once here are two very special favorites. They may fit in for your pre-Tbankfgivlng preparations.
thoroughly the milk and chocolate and beat smooth. Stir scalded milk Into the flour mixture. Cook over boiling water stirring until smoothly thickened, until no raw flavor remains. Stir into beaten egg yolk and place over boiling water again until egg thickens. Remove from heat and
IT*
U

gU<yrH

1
add % teaspoon vanilla. Cool it
t
Il TIE AIITIIIT WIAPPEI
I
l

COCONUT CAKE
One third cop butter
1	cup finely granulated sugar
2	eggs
2 cups cake flou
1 cup hard wheat flour One-third teaspoon salt 2% teaspoons baking powder Two-thirds cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon lemon flavoring
Cream butter and blend In sugar gradually until very light. Add well beaten egg yolks and combine well. Measure sifted flour and resift it with baking powder and salt. Add to first mixture alternately with milk combining after each addition. Fold in egg whites beaten stiffly, but not dry. Bake in well greased cake pans (three) in a moderately hot oven 25 minutes. Cover with seven minute icing and sprinkle well with fine shredded coconut.
(HOUSE OF SHADOWS
]_	^ by Ida R. OUtton	* ) @ MCA W., I*.

X

BEGIN HERE THIS WEEK
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to Irlve to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDiCK. Claire le trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hoi>es to find a valuable end mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden In lhe house.
Her car la wrecked by a log that has been placed across the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene end take Claire Is the mountain house, where EB SPRATT and hie sister, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
Claire goes to her room for the night She sees a curious arrow carved on the wall, pointing to the cupola. Lamp In hand, Claire goes to the cupola. Suddenly and nol leealy, the lamp la shattered.
Next morning Eb Sprett disappears. Bob Steele seta out for the village end Is found seriously injured.
HANNAH, Claire# housekeeper, arrives. Pat, trying to solve some of the mysteries of the place, wanders Into a deserted mine. An unseen opponent attacks him and Pet falls.
draw back behind a tree to watch her. What on earth could Susie want with a lantern at this time of day? The answer was given when the woman walked quickly to a large root cellar at the back of the Rouse, and disappeared down the steep flight of stone steps.
No Sign of Her
Claire promptly followed. «The root cellar had always held a fascination for her ever since her little girl days, coolness rushed up to meet her, mingled with an earthy odor.
The cellar was very large and so cool that pieces oPmeat, securely covered with cheesecloth wrappings, could be safely hung from its rafters. Bins for vegetables took up one side of the room. And along the other side was built a huge wooden cupboard. Inside, Claire knew, were shelves holding neatly labeled glasses of Jelly and preserves.
But there was no sign of Susie. Perhaps she was back in the dark, shadowy end of the room, storing something away.
•'Susie, are you there?" Claire called. •
There was no reply. Puzzled the girl walked back into the shadows. Susie undoubtedly was back there and had not heard her. This would be as good h place as any to ask her some important questions.
But, to Claire’s astonishment, there was no sign of the houseX keeper.
"Susie!" she called again, answer. Claire opened the cupboard door, as though she half expected to find the Jelly gone and some mysterious opening Instead. But the shelves still bore their orderly rows of glasses and Jars.
Claire smiled at herself as she thought of Susie’s plump figure, and then noticed how little space had been wasted in the cupboard. She must have been mistaken. Susie couldn’t have come down Into the root cellar, after all. Perhaps It Just looked from a distance as though she had. Claire blew out the lamp and put it back on the shelf, then hurried upstairs to the open air.
The girl circled a huge woodpile, expecting to see the housekeeper, but there was no one In sight. She walked out to the big barn that now served as garage and storehouse. This also waa empty. Claire looked about in bewilderment. Had lack of sleep begun to play havoc with her nerves? She was starting for the house when, to her surprise she saw Susie come up the root cellar steps. This time the tray was empty and the lantern gone.
Growing Uneasiness
Claire's first Impulse was to call
but, on second
the genuine peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT GUM!
Got some today!
JUBILEE CAKE
Vt cup butter
1	cup sugar
2	eggs
Two-thirds cup milk
2	cups cake flour
3	teaspoons baking powder *4 teaspoon salt
teaspoon vanilla teaspoon almond
Cream butter until very soft, and then gradually blend in sugar and cream until very fluffy. Add well-beaten egg yolks and combine well. Measure the sifted flour and resift with baking powder and salt. Add to first mixture alternately with milk, combining after each addition of wet or dry ingredients. And lastly add beaten egg whites and vanilla. Turn into 9 inch (two) well greased pans, and bake In a moderate oven about 25 minutes until a golden or light brown, slightly before using.
CHAPTER VIII
As Claire, thoroughly alarmed, listened to the tapping noise, other ears besides 'hers also noted the sounds. Pat had shaken loose from the unconsciousness caused by his sudden fall down the winze of the old mine.
Painfully he fished the cigaret lighter from his pocket and flashed on the feeble ray of light. The damp walls of another tunnel met bis gaze, branching off from the abaft down which be had fallen. • Because there was no hope of his climbing the smooth, *slimy walls of the raise without a ladder, he got up and started to walk along this lower level.
For what peemed an Interminable distance, he fumbled his way All sense of direction was lost In in the darkness to save his lighter, the blackness, but the footing Itself seemed solid and fairly dry, and the air was still fresh, as though other shafts cut in from above. Pat felt certain he had now come a long way and was just flashing on the lighter again when the tapping sound that Claire was listening to in the library of the House of Long Shadows, came very faintly to his ears.	I
What was it? Were his nerves ! beginning to crack from the horrible darkness? Pat shook himself free from his dark thoughts and I pressed forward.
Presently he was coming into another, larger part of the mine. The place was quite dry and by carefully selecting fragments of wood, Pat soon had a bundle of torch material which would last for some time. He also found a rusty pickax. Carrying the tool, and with the aid of the heartening I flame of the torch, he pushed on I in the direction from which he had I heard the sounds.	I
At last he came to a blank wall. I
Pat drove the pick into the wall | to test its solidity, and so loudly that it made him jump, an answering sound came from beyond.
"Halloo there!
shouted at the top of his lungs. But only the words rushed back.
For an hour by his watch (that, miraculously, had escaped injury) Pat dug away at the tunnel’s end. *
His watch told him It was almost evening, and there seemed no Immediate prospect of being able to dig himaelf out. Wearily, his eyelids drooped shut. Just 40 winks —then he’d go at It again.
(To Be Continued)
Proper Care
Of Linoleum
\
Now a familiar
Lacquers, Varnishes and Shellacs Should Be Avoided If You Want Your Floor Covering To Last
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interest ing menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Misa Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
The correct care of linoleum floors ie simple and on it depend their good appearance and durability. Lacquers, varnishes and shellacs should be avoided, according to the best authorities, since they wear away where the trafffc is heaviest.
Wash With Soap and Water A mild soap and water should be used# for washing, then with very little water all trace of the soap should be removed. When thoroughly dry two coats of wax should be applied, sparingly. About half an hour should elapse between coats. A daily dry mopping and an occasional wiping with a damp cloth, followed by a single coat of wax are advocated. The double coat of wax is necessary only after the soap-and-water washing. Not too much of even a mild soap should be used and anything of an abrasive or scouring nature should be avoided.
CHOCOLATE ICING
1% squares unsweetened chocolate 1% tablespoons butter 3 tablespoons sifted icing sugar % teaspoon salt ^4 cup whole milk 2 cups sifted icing sugar % teaspoon vanilla Cut up chocolate and melt over hot water. Remove from beat and add butter; then cream in first measure of icing sugar. Add -alt aid hot milk, then stir In sifted icing sugar until mixture is thick
Sandal Is Oldest Form Of Footgear
Dates From Ancient Times — But Roman Occupation of England Brought With It New Fashions Ir Footwear
CHAPTER VU
Claire turned her steps toward the little cabin where Dallas stayed. She skirted the aspen grcve, aware of a growing uneasiness, and hurried on to the cabin. To her surprise, the door was partly open. She hesitated, and after she had knocked twice, went in. Nobody was there. Dan Dallas' possessions were arranged neatly and everything wag scrupulously clean and tidy.
"Must have had military training," decided Claire as she noted how precisely his shoes were lined upon a low shelf, with his clothes hung carefully above. In one corner stood his rifle. She picked this up and looked at it curiously. Was this the gun Pat had quizzed Dallas about the night before? put it back, Just as she had found
No
The most ancient form of footcovering is the sandal, writes Beatrice R. Coole, In the British Women’s Magazine, but sandals have never been particularly well suited to the cold northern climate of Britain. The women of early Britain soon deserted the primitive sandal for the more practical shoe made of leather. The type of shoe worn in earliest times was made of hide, with or without the akin, and of the simplest design. The sole and the uppers were made all in one piece; the shoe was pulled over the foot and drawn up round the ankle like a purse. Shoes of this kind were practical and were appropriate with the simple gowns that women wore in those day s.
At the time of the occupation of England by the Romans, with their higher standard of civilization, some of the fashions worn by Roman matrons were soon introduced into England. Dress underwent little change, but often shoes of an elaborate type were worn. The Romans themselves had always been fond of costly shoes, and their tastes remained unchanged when they came to England.
" Wore Them Gaily Colored
Anglo-Saxon ladies favored simple footwear. Their shoes were made of soft leather, close-fitting and naturally shaped to the foot. Illustrations of footwear of this period are rare, and for the centuries following the best evidence of what was actually worn comes from tombs and old church brasses. Women’s shoes appear to have been usually black. But in the Bay eux Tapestry men are shown wearing colored shoes green and yellow—so it is probable that Norman ladies followed their husbands' lead and wore
shoes.
Suit Yourself
For Fall and Winter
JP 2523
SIZtttt-1#
He Understood
Leonard Carrothere, Kerrwood, pleaded guilty in county police court, at London, Ont., recently, to failing to produce a driver's license and was fined one dollar and coats.
"I'm a farmer and I forgo: to take the license from my overalls and put it in my suit,” Carrothers explained.
"I uderstand,"’ said Magistrate Livermore in imposing the minimum penalty.


9)
m
M « Ê i


She
Immediately
U.
Giving another hasty glance around ehe went out quickly and closed the door behind her. As ¦he stood on the doorstep a rat peeped down at her from the logs above her head. At her slight movement, it scurried out of sight bat the next moment something rolled over the edge of the roof aid dropped at her feet, evidently dislodged by the tiny animal’s pan-
Halloo!” he
SAVES

YOU
HOURS OF
lc.
Heavy Work
Woman With a Lantern Claire picked it up curiously and then gazed at It wide-eyed. A silencer for a gun. She remembered having seen one in a play. What was it doing on Dallas' roof? The •hots that had killed the watch dog, and come so near to snuffing oat her own life had been fired out of a weapon with a silencer. There was no other way to account for the lack of sound. Dan would have to explain this to everyone's satisfaction or else—
Bhe hastened back toward the house. As she came within eight of the kitchen door, she saw Susie carrying a small, covered tray. And from her arm an unlighted lantern
Something in the
to the woman, thought, she stepped back into the barn and let her go into the house unaware that she had been seen. Then Claire ran to the cellar steps and descended. A minute examination of every inch of the place revealed nothing. Where had Susie beeu and why? Was there some secret place under the house -that its present owners knew nothing about? Claire stood, puzzling over the problem. If Pat would only she could tell him about it. Perhaps he could find a clew that ehe had missed in the seemingly
solid cellar walls.
At last the girl went up to the open again and walked into Susie s
"Oh, here you are! looking for you," she began. And where were you Just now?"
“I was up in the linen closet, Claire, sorting over some sheets." Susie glanced up sideways and she then went on with her work.
For an Instant Claire was tempted to demand the truth. Then the thought came to her that It would be better not to put Susie on her guard. So she asked, In a matter-of-fact tone, "Has Mr. Magan come
in yet?"
"I ain’t seen him since the doctor left," answered Susie.
Claire went into the library. Her
growing uneasiness about Pat s absence, and now Susie’s deliberate falsehood was beginning to fray her nerves. She distinctly distrusted the baby-faced house-keeper. Could she depend on Dan Dallas?
Government's
Profiteering
Restrictions
Wartime Prices and Trade Board at Ottawa Will Fix “Reasonable” Prices
alties For Violation of Regulations

solution * of GillctVs Pure Flake Lye will take the drudgery out of dozens of tasks. It clears clogged drains . grease and hard-baked food off pots and pans ...It saves rubbing and scrubbing because it cuts through dirt in a jiffy. Keep a tin handy.
A
%
lifts
e e
I

Pen-


I
red- blue,
By LOUISE LENNOX
Career and college girls like a suit to wear in the fall, and here ia one that ie easy to make at home and ever so smart to wear to the office or on the campus. A slim waisted plaid jacket tops a solid oolor tween skirt to perfection and for variety and longer wear, make a plaid skirt too. The pattern provides for either the trim, tailored notched collar that gives the suit such a professional look, or the ever popular youthful round neckline.
Style No. 2523 is designed for sixes 12, 18, 16, 36, 38 and 40. Sise 16 requires ltt yards of 54 inch material for the jacket and 1% yards of 54 inch for the skirt
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 411, 73 West i Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state sixe you wirh.
come
The wartime Prices and Trade Board will have power to seize any supply of food, fuel or other necessary of life It deems to be "unreasonably withheld from the market," according x to the order-ln-council creating the board.
Tabled In Parliament at Ottawa 1 the first week of the war, the or-der-ln-counctl clearly defines the powers of the new non-profiteering board, establishes regulations for sale, supplies and distribution of x the necessaries of life, and announces a penalty of up to $5,000 fine or up jo two years* Imprisonment for Infraction of the regulations.
Anti-hoarding regulations of the board will affect the ordinary householder as well as hli merchant, wholesaler and manufacturer.
"No person shall accumulate or withhold from sale any necessary of life beyond an amount thereof reasonably required for the use or consumption of his household or fo* the ordinary purposes of his business," the regulation declares.
Certainly,
gaily-colored when men In the twelfth century took to ornamenting their shoes with embroidery and even with Jewels, their wires soon followed suit.
was swinging, housekeeper's manner made Claire
Ft El BOOKLET — The Gillette Lye
out-
it
the
• • e
See ropy to Standard
for ¦ Ltd..
I’ve been
III
l

• 1 II
MAKE MONEY—WRITING
Short Slones
•II
&
on a
urn Anther Teel Veer
Let Fa
Ability Free
Coder the expert guidance of Archie McKiehnie hundreds of pupils are making money. Why not you? We train you by Individual Home Study Course to produce stories that eelL end help you find a market Decide now. Write for Free Ability Teat Shaw Schools Limited.
T.P., 1110 Bay Street Toronto
Iren
fbleman
I a^SMT.
~--— ef • BfW

Hi
A
4
?
!
v

Dept

#
see voua dials* * write t# *
1
Issue No. 39 — '39
TUI COLEMAN LAMP A OTVl CO..
I
i
B
(9327)
###PAGE###8###
*w
*4-



3$


Look Here

Results of Horse Racing at Shawville Fair
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc.


• Friday, September 29th 2 27 Class-Best 3 out of 5 heats
Djuver W. Vonoly, Proudfoot, Burke, Caldwell,
Piche,
J. McDonald, Time of heats, 2 14,
mew
is

O

BOOMER WAV! ni) One coin fort able room, with or without bo*ra. Reaion-able rates. Appl/to Mrm. Jab, Allen. Centre Street. Shaw ville. Que.
FOR SALK—One McCleary Range. ‘ Northland *, good a# new. large Are box. Will exchange for cattle. Apply to Wrlmxoton Smart. Shawvllle. Phone

Tl MR
112 1 2 2 12
3	3	3	3
4	4	4	5
5	5 5	«
6	•§! 6	4
2.H, 2 13, 212
/ î

Own er J. Benny, '
J. 11. Proud foot.
to
Horse
Benny Barrett, Lord Durham, Susan a Frisco, Evens Harvester, Chief Hanger, Barbara C\,
I

'J \
0
I
I), llurke,
I>r. Lock,
Dr. Pounder, T. Cecile,




i

*
1
X

&
31.
$4 »	•



¦wind CHARGBR-Msde and Jne»-’t-
ed at reasonable price». ThlaLLm • ‘*o*t econoimval method of keeplL^» ? your radio battery. All work J&arantoed. For further particulars apply to Howard Dmown, R. R. 2. Sbawvtlfe. Phone 9-25,
O?
F:
K
\
Mb
i
•
Saturday, Sept. 3uth 2 22 Class—Every heat a race
Driver Caldwell, Cotie, McDonald, Bourke,
7TWAIT.
y
K

Cà
rr
#* ¦**.*•«¦!* k
ppsry
-w
I

v ••
Tl M R
2	2 I
4	1	3
1	3	4
3	4	3
Owner Dr, Locke, R Cotie, Proud foot,
Horse
Effective,
Darkie Patchen, Lord Durham, Northern Barren,
FOR S 4LB—One pure bred Ham Lamb, eligible for registration ; also one colt 2 year» and one maie. 12 years old. Apply to J. Ut Brown, R. R No. 2, Shaw ville. Phone 9 *13.
3
-SE



*. #

4lâWi ' *5i Uf^$^wA6L5Î60cS5e8li^

1
Bourke,
Free-for-all Clash
FOR 8ALK—Ont pair Belgian foals ; three colts, rising two years i one dark grey mare, rising four years : one eight year old mare. - Apply to Clifford Horner, R. R No, 1, Shawrllle, Phone
T.
a
»

3
Time 11 1 2 2 2
3	3	3
4	4	4
5	5	5
6$
Driver
Owner
Turcott,
Dr. Locke,
Rochon,
Cotie,
Dr. Pounder,
Horse Lea Hauley,
Lely Part,
Benny Harvester, Jack Harvester, Graton Pointer,
New Markets-
Turcott,
Caldwell,
Kochon,
Cotie,
Peche,
y
FOR SALE—1A Used Poultry jFeeders, galvanised, half price. Call Monday night, R. W. Hodginm. ^
THE cburage and vision "of Cartier opened
world. In the same spirit of
adventure and enterprise, Canadians, assisted by this Century-old Bank, are continually making voyages of discovery in business. As new products are developed and markets found, the experience and facilities of this Bank are playing their part in Canada's March of Progress.
FOR SALB—Five Reg. Ayehire Heifer Calves, born In March. Fully aocradltei and blood tested. Apply to Jamm H. Pekvxr. Campbell# Bay, Que. Phone
m-L
Former Residents At The Fair
(From SSZSï*»
lowing ;	Of interest in university circles
Gilmour Hodgiu®,	Ottawa	WA9 the marriage solemnized Sat-
Kenneth Sereney,	“	urday morning in Rugby Chapel,
Mervillc Sereney,	“	by which Mary C u sa tor, eldest
Borden Hobbs	“	daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Art Sereney,	“	Ellis, became the bride of William
Orville Sereney, >	“	Harold Horner, eldest son of Mr.
Miss Marjorie Tugma il»	“	and Mrs, S. N, Horner, Creel man.
11 Lorrian Pokes,	“	The Rev. Canon Oreenhalgh ofti-
44 Evelyn Dahms,	41	dated.
14 Ruth Horner,	“	The bride was given in marriage
" Gwen Hod gins,	“	by her father and attended by her
44 Margaret Wharrey,	“	sister, Miss Marjory Ellis. »
44 Corna Webb,	44	Mr. John K linen attended the
44 Muriel Webb,	4	groom and ushers were Messrs.
44 Minola Sereney,	“	Edward Burrell and Lloyd Ellis.
Carneta McPherson . “	During the signing of the régis
Lorn % Macartney,	41	ter, Mi*a Mary Morrell, accom
Mrs. Orville McBride,	“	nanied by Miss Hilda Kirkbÿ, sang
•4 H. Millar	44	* Recant44
44 Robert Glasper	4	For her wadding the bride chose
44 R. G. Elliott	44	a floor length gon n of white silk
Jack Turiieff and son	41	net. with design of lover's knots
Donald and Mrs. Fraser	44	in whit* ?alin aupliqued on the
F. J. and Mrs Prendergast	*4	short fitted j icket and on the folds
Jack and'Mrs. Davidson	44	of the »kirt Her embroidered
Dr. J, W. Armstrong, Montreal net veil fed to a long train from a Dr. R. E Dagg	“	high coronet of mange blossoms
Dr. Wallace Hodgins	“	Red roses and valley lilies formed
Donald McRae,....	14 her bouquet
Sidney Hudgins	44	The bridesmaid's gown of blue
Mrs. M. M. Ross, R N.	'*	. silk organdie was fashioned with
Miss Winnifred Armstrong	44	ruffled skirt and accents of pink
S8B5Ï- rigssgg
Dr. Kenneth McDowell, Renfrew, received with the bridal party at aye^aili all the n?,l|"1^e'"	de
toungecS^e'BMatarMtL*''»n for a prentliing miselon to be held Mrs. Allen Brigden, Kisbey, Sask. j Ellis was gowned in a dark sheer on every circuit, tî.16» tîîfl Port
•"¦Kti"5hK7brim,.rd3 r.^rPX"ot.i-ctet “"d "	S
|=?B-SS=25 gü@ÇpSr
to send delegates. Plans were also c<Aintryi His designs followed so
made for a Missionary Rally, to be closely the lines of the great Eng-
held in the district on October ygh master that his furniture was
- WMM
with the president, Miss Helen Ub1ob National# Convention vantage
Thu'^nlXm o. U, . » »• »... -
good start with nearly fifty mem . r^rty convention to choose hers enrolled, composing four the uJ^on Rationale candidate for
The men, of whom UConnor Miss Helen Everett, president; Hon* could give no complete desmp. Miss Edna Curran, treasurer, and	ÉMll4._ Viet,
tion, entered the door of the tele- Miss Jessie Armstrong, secretary.
graph office. They intimated pians were made for a concert to Hunting Tragtay that they were armed, and order ^ he|<t during the latter part of ed O'Connor to ,4get outside. He this month, refused to go outside and the men seized him O'Ccnnor was thrown to the floor several time». Once he struck the stove, knocking it over and suffered severe facial la.
SB ## isp
Be me *
MARRIED
Jacquet Cartier
This daring navigator woo Ike proud title oi "Diicoverer of Canada." In 1534 he made hie first voyage |nd landed at Gaspe where he planted a 30 loot cross and claimed this new land jor François I of France. The following year he sailed up the river to Stadacena—now Quebec—where he spent the winter of 1535-6, sailing horns in the Spring, carrying glowing
tales oi this new land oi great promise.

FOB SALB-A numbei New Hamah ire I Red Laying Puilete some year-old White I Leghorn hens ; pair of Clyde colts well N matched aud broken. Apply to Roar. Trac y, Verra, Qau. Phone 25-21.
We invite business men to discuss their banking problems with us.
Coos# to Coati in Cone*
cuba, runTO nco, «mimean
CHICAGO, BOSTON, LONDON, ENGLAND.
Watkins dealer (between 8$ to 50 years); with car needed Immediately to hand out Free Extracts. In nearby rural route and supply established de ma Everyday Necessities. Including Spices, ng powder. Cleansers, Soaps; Medl-i. Fly Spray. Mineralised Stock and Poultry Tonics. 70 year reputation. 1000O dealers. Must be satisfied with #00.00 weekly at start. Selling experience unnecessary. Farm experience helpful. Credit furnished right parties. Write Immediately The J R. Watkins Company. Montreal, Que. Bept. Q S 11.
for
Bakl
does
NEWFOUNDLAND, JAMAICA, BEPUàLMl NEW YOU, '
•T„ BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
a

' I
>54
• s

5/
I •
%
3Ï&
O V ERA
£6
Cemetery
Donations
CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Previously acknowledged #157 60
Alex. H. Kilgour.....
Mrs, Andrew Hodgins Mrs. A. E. Posselwhite Mrs. George T. Horner.... Charlotte Connelly.
I Dr. Ed. Taggart..........
I Shawville Wo’s Institute .. 40 00
ü 00
NOTIOl
Wilson’s Garage I > ^%
Th. Same R.li.bl. S.mc |
Licensed operator, of Ottawa. iPhone ^ V3 for appointment*.
!;•> MARJORIE HAYES,
Manager Shawville, Que
i 00
Everybody will meet everybody at Bristol’* Biggest Bnzanr oil October 17th. 18th nnd 10th,
* # # #
.	3 00
• •
1 00
Mrs.
1 00
• •
a on
United Churches Will Hold Preaching Missions
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
• i
Mrs, Wm. Cottie, Jack Dolun
PERSONAL MENTION
14
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Mr, Wilson Judd left this week to attend Sir Williams College, Montreal.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hobbf, of Brock. 8**k., are visiting relatives in this district.
Mr. Douglas. H. Campbell left last week to resume his studies at Macdonald College, Que.
Mrs. Irwin Smith, of Seamans, 9ask.,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Belsher, at Yarra.
Mr. Ralph Hodgins, of Calgary, is visiting at the home of his brother, Mr. David T Hodgins.
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Misses
Armstrong, Vet dun.
Martin and Mrs. Black. Almonte.
Miss Marjorie Mi Knight,# ¦
Mrs. J. C Porter, Carleton Place.
Mrs. J. A Pritchard and children, Alcove.
Harold and Mrs. Young, Quebec City.
A A and Mrs. Macartney and daughter, Jean, Lunenburg.
Mrs. Irwin Smith, Seamans, Sask.
John and Mrs. Johncox and Basil Johncox, -Noranda.
Miss Q. Hamilton, R N., Noranda
Gerald Hodgins. Schumacher. Ont.
Eric Graham, Lindon and Mrs. Graham and daughter, Eleanor, of Sullivan Mines.
Mr». Harry Stevens, Hamilton.
Geo. and Mrs. Helmer, son, Harold and daughter, Mrs Bowes and Neil Pirie, Schmacher.
Ralph Hodgins, Calgary, Alta.
John S. Armstrong, Webbwood.
Hugh and Mrs. Grace, Pembroke.
Wm. and Mrs Maitland, "
*%
A Quaker Craftsman
William Sa very, a Quaker who
Mas. R Q. Hodgins, Pres. Rev. A. P. Pokes, Sec'ty
Mrs. C A Burnside and dangh* ter. Mis* Nets, visited relatives.	.
and friends in town for the week-1"” wantea
Mrs. Hurley, Semans.
Be a local 01 rural Familex Dealer t Mrs. Allen Hrigden, of Knbey. Wonderful chance to make big cash
wm^ tiwi |^4SH2£,j£»
ilpSSS:
C O S T. Resume
Fall and Winter Activities
Mr. and Mrs Geo. Sinclair and the former’s sister, Mrs. J. Patton, of Rosetown, 9a»k4 arrived this week to visit their a Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
No Trespassing
Eiffel Tower’s History
Paris* Cinderella, the Eiffel tower, Has had a stormy career. When it built it was called indescribably ugly. Later a few began to recognize the beauty of its slender and transparent outline. Not until after the war, however, did it come into its full glory. Then it was hired as a gigantic billboard, and the whole of it was brilliantly lighted each night, dazzling Parisians and foreign The funeral of Earl Mayhew, visitors alike. In 1937. when it was
victim of a hunting accident near made a part of the exhibition its Otter Lake, ms he was lifting a place as a decorative part of the rifle out of a boat on Friday last, landscape of Paris was recognized was held on Monday morning to Otter Lake R. C Church and Cemetery.	ï
Night Operator at Bristol Beaten and Robbed
ged parents Sinclair.
All persons are strictly forbidden to trespass, hunt or camp on the follow-Mrs. J. A. Jewell and Mies Ruth I jag properties in the Township of Jewell, of Weetmonnt, Que , and Calumet Island, County of Pontiac. Mrs. Wui. Mulcaby, of Montreal. Qucbec : were week-end gue»ts at t lie home1 x of Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Dean at Stark’s Corners.
ft as
\
Lots 16, 17, 18, pt. 19, #0, 21, 82, 23, Range 6..	*
Lots, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20-a, pt 20, 21,
Of
I Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Foley, their, Parioo . son and daughter, Robert and I -2’
Mary, and Mrs. R M. Foley, of Mallory town, Ont, were week end guests of Rev. _A. F. and Mrs Kok
Lots 9, 10, 11, IS, 13, 14, 17, 17 B, 18, Range 8.
Lots 7, », 10, 11, IS, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17,18 and pt 20, on 9th Range,

By order
ERNEST Q. MURRAY,
For the Owners.
in Her 77th
Di
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Special Services
In Memoriams
^	• 7 ,r< # * • * !•	i r.
In loving memory of our dear husband and father, Mr. Robert F. Dale, who entered into rest, October 3rd, 1938.
Days of sadness still come o’er us,
Tears of sorrow often flow ;
"ssaisstoiri
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
.designs and prices.
*

And the lose
¦was
No Trespassing
Phone. 278
again we hope to meet him. rhen the day of life is fled,
Yet
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
.rewell tears are shed.
' tX
Sadly

men
cat
