###PAGE###1###
9
91.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State»
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1940
i
SHAWVILLE
No 17., 58th Yeak
9
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Food Salk—The Austin Women's AHsovintion purpose male of home-made cooking and fancy work on Saturday afternoon, October 12th. at 3 o'clock at Mr. Andrew Sly's Store.
Chicken Suppkr — The Ladies Guild of Radford Holy Trinity Church, will hold their annual chicken supper on Friday evening, October 25th. Admission, 35 and 20 cents.
Bean Supper - St. Andrew’s Womens’ Association, Bristol, will hold a bean supper in the basement of the church on Friday evening, Octobei 18th. A program will be provided. Admission, 25 cents.
Chicken Supper — A Chicken Supper w'll be held at Bristol Memorial Church on Friday even ing. October 11th. Supper served from ft to 8 o'clock. Admission, 35 and 20 cents.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Joseph E. Brownlee, i* visiting her daughters in Ottawa.
BORN
holding a
Shawville Hardware
Stark-At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville. on Tuesday morning, October 8th. 1040, to Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Stark, the gift of a son.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Horner, are at uresent visiting with relative-Noranda.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer % premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with
reputation. Open all year.
in

Miss Connie Williams, of Ottawa was a week end guest ot her sister, Mrs. Asa Smart.
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
ENGAGEMENT
Mr. Ebert Horner R.C.O.C. was a week end visitor of his parents. Mr. and Era. Jas. Horner.
Mr. and Mis. George Baker, of Toronto, are guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.
A rmstrong—Denison
Mr. find Mrs. Dawson Armstrong, of Shawville, Que., wish to announce the engagement of their eldest daughter, Muriel, to Samuel Ernest, son of Mr. Alfred E Denison and the late Mrs. Denison, of Edwards, Ont. Marriage to take place early in November.
established
an
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Mrs. W. J. Millar and son, R, W. Millar, of Three Rivers, Que., are visiting Dr. and Mrs. Powles.
Mr. George B. Tucker, returned
visit to Northern


JAMES A. MILLAR
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Class
Locks
B.A.L.LvL
Friday evening from a Timmins and other towns.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay •very Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon

MARRIED
Chicken SurPKR-Starks Corners United Church congregation will hold a chicken supper on Friday evening, October 18th; Good program. Admission 35 and 20
cents.
You are invited to Bristol’s Big Bazear at St Edward's Parish Hall, Wednesday and Thursday, Oct. 10 and 17. Chicken supper served each evening. Valuable prizes. J. L Enright, P. P.
Thanksgiving chicken supper of the Shawville United church will be held Thanksgiving night, Oct. 14. Supper at 0.00 p.tn. The supper will be followed by a program given by Major G. I. Campbell, 'of Ottawa, consisting of nearly 100 pictures of the visitof their Majesties tlpj King and the Queen.
Mrs. Austin McDowell is visiting at the home of her daughter, Mrs (Dr.) Jack Willard, at Larder Lake, Ont.
Mrs. Gordon Bradley, of Three Rivers, Que., is visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell.
Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Belsher, of McCord, Sask., are visiting at the home of the foimer’s brother, Mr. L. A Belsher.
Mr. Clifford Harris, of Timmins. Ont. is visiting his grandfather, Mr. Robt Harris and other relatives in this district.
Hodgins—McCagg
A pretty Autumn wedding took place on Wednesday, Oct 2, in Austin United cnurcb, when Sarah Caroline, daughter of Mrs. George McCagg and the late Mr. George McCagg of Austin section. Clarendon Que. became the bride of Mr. Melburne Goodwin Hodgins, of Timmins, Ontario, son of Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Hodgins, of Clarendon township. Kev C. Armstrong Sales of Bristol, officiated.
Given in marriage by her brother Frederick McCagg, of Ottawa, the bride entered the church to the strains of the wedding march from Lohengrin played by McCagg of Austin. 8h length gown of soldier blue trails parent velvet with a halo hat and accessoiies to match. A shoulder knot was made lip of Talisman and chrysanthemums. The bridesmaid, Miss Mary Brownlee, of Shawville, wore a dress of turquoise blue taffeta with matching accessories and a shoulder knot of Ophelia roses.
tilewett.	Kenneth McCagg. of South Por
. f cupine, was best man and the ttah-Danc e—Under the »m|»m of I were Teason McCagg and Shawville Rebekah Lodge will 5® Harland Hodgins, of Clarendon, held on Thursday evening. Get. dl. Diuing the signing of the register Mixed dancing. Mnsiç by Happy I Mf j w. Hines sang, “Youthful
Homesteaders, ot Ottawa, I ro- [jolir8»\
ceeds in aid of an ambulance fund. A wedding supper at the home Refreshments served. Admission, of the bride’s mother was followed 50 cents. Come and help a w ot thy |A^e|. f|ie evening by a largely-
cause.	I attended reception at the home of
m the bridegroom’s parents. The
Sunday School Convention	I con pie will reside at South Porcu-
___	pine.
mulmm
This convention is iindenoraina-1	__^_
tional and all those who are interested in Sunday School work are | Shawville A.Y.P.A.
Come and bring your
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Mrs. Man son e wore a floor
applster.
Advocate
Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’sBay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Mr. Geo. (riles and little son,
Clifford, of Noranda, are visiting j at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Stark.
Lieut- Sandford Hodgins and Mrs Hodgins. of Petawawa Military Camp visited friends and relatives in town this weak.
Mr Hugh Horner, of McCord.
Saek.. is visiting at the home of his brother. James D. Horner and other relatives in this district.
Messrs. Donald Mai r and Mali Ion Hayes of the staff of Hulse & Playfair, Ottawa, were weekend guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
XV. J. Hayes.
Mr. David Brown visited at the home of Mrs. Tlios. Shore for the week-end. He was accompanied by Master Clarence Shore, who «pent the Summer months at his home in Manotick. Ont.
Mr. and Mrs. Math McKell and little son, XVayne, of Aubrey, Que , were recent guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Corrigan.
Returning to Aubrey they were accompanied by Mr. and Mrs.
Corrigan.
Mr Irvin Chamberlain of the | phone 81. Montreal Canadiene Hockey Club visited his mother and sister in town for a few days during the past week. Iivin will begin training for the current hockey season at St. Catherines this week.
Ladies’ Winter Coats
Auction Sale-An auction sale of household effects, cattle and farm machinery belonging to the Estate of the late Benjamin Hines on Lot 7. Range 4, of the township of Clarendon, will be held on Wednesday afternoon, October 10th. Auctioneer George
roses
DONAT Le GUERRIER
L.L.B.,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
B. A
» #
We have'a good selection of
Fur Trimmed Coats
Every coat is topped with fine quality fur.
Opossum, Alaska Sahle, Mouton Beaver, etc., etc.
Every coat is of fine woollens
#
and excellent tailoring.
See these coats

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bytcorrespondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’sBay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from5.00to 8.00 p m.
*
$17.95, $25.00,	$29.50
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Fall and Winter Ladies’ Wear Specials
New Fall Skirts
invited.
problems.
Elect Officers
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
The Shawville A.Y.P.A. met in the Guild Room on Monday evening. In the absence of the Presi-The following shipment of dent, Mr. Herbert XVickens, who finished articles was forwarded to is now on active service with the headquarters in September. 182 K.C. A.F. the rector presided, oairs of socks, 13 sweaters, 1 pair The reading of the minutes was mitt* 1 pair wristlets, 1 helmet, followed by the treasurers report, 33 abdominal binder, 54 slings, 66 showing the organization to have suits of pyjamas, 7 T binders, and a substantial credit balance after the following refugee articles 29 all obligations had been met. Quilts, 11 dresses, 3 suits, 3 sweat- The report on membership show eis 3 coats, 12 pairs mitts, and a ed seven young people to have left number of other garments. Units the district within the past year, contributing to this shipment are Appreciation of their active work stated below :	iu this organization was expressed.
Austin__1 pair socks, 9 abdominal Plans were drawn up and a corn-
binders, 26 slings and 5 suits mlttee formed to arrange the pyjamas. Refugee articles—3 programme for the various meet oairs bloomers and 2 nighties. mgs during the season. The Bristol-17 pairs socks, 1 pair meetings to be held on the first mitts and 2 suits pyjamas. Re and third Monday s of each month, fugee articles — 2 quilts from Other routine business was fob Anglican Guild and Sunday lowed by the election of officers. School	The officers chosen were : Presi-
CHARTERIS-Refugee articles—St. dent, Miss uorna Wilson ; vice Matthew’s Anglican Congrega- president, Miss Robina Wallace ; tion 1 pair overalls, 2 nighties, 1 secretary, Miss Rhoda McLean ; baby dress, 1 pair mitts and 1 treasurer, John Howard. Those nair socks.	chosen to assist the executive in
Grren Lake— 11 pairs socks, 2 the arranging of groups and the sweaters and 8 suits pyjamas, drawing up of the programme tor Refugee articles-1 quilt.	young people's meetings were
Ladysmith-13 pairs socks. Re- Messrs Thus. Wallace and Loins fugee articles—2 dresses.	Judd and Misses Melba Hodgins
North Clarendon-17 pairs socks and Aruy Corrigan, and 1 suit pyjamas. Refugee It was decided to hold the next articles—3 quilts, 3 nighties.	meeting on the third Monday of
Radford 13—15 pairs socks and 7 the month in the Theatre
Radford 15-20 pairs ot socks and 5 suits pyjamas.
Shawville -St. Paul s Anglican Congregation—46 pairs socks, 1 Community Hospital Requested
sweater, 28 slings, 12 suits pyjamas and 7 T binders. Refugee At this time of year when people articles—12 quilts, 1 sweater, d are harvesting their vegetables panties, 1 shirt, 2 dresses and 1 and canning, preserving and pick-boy's suit.	.	ling their garden crops, they are
United Church Congregation— < asked to remember the local hospi-pairs socks, 8 sweaters, 19 ab- tal and make donations of produce, dominai binders, and 19 suits jn view of the numerous depyjamas Refugee articles— o mHnds at this season, no house to quilts, 2 boys suits, 11 pairs mitts, house canvas will be made. Please 8 pairs panties, 1 pair bloomers, 9ent| or bring your donations to 2 sweaters, 3 waists, 6 dresses, d the hospital.
coats and one wind-breaker.	If anyone has a donation to
Stark's Corners— 2 pairs socks ruft|te HDd no means of transporta and for refugee-1 quilt.	tion, arrangements will be made
Zion—45 pairs socks, .> abdominal cap for i% on notifying the binders, 14 suits pyjamas.	Superintendent of the Hospital.
Yarm—1 pair socks, 1 pair wrist- All donations will be ackuow-. lets and one helmet.	led god in the press.
T. E. R, Nurse, Sec ty.
Red Cross Report
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
4

ï
Zion Anniversary Services
$
Smartly Tailored Sport Jackets

Zion United Church held «special services on Sunday in celebration of the 86th anniversary of the building of their church. _ afternoon service, Rev. Fienstone, of Ottawa, was the special speaker and in the evening Rev. H. G. Steers, of Yarm, delivered the address. On Monday evening the annual chicken supper was held and was largely attended. The program which followed the sup per was made up of addresses by Rev. Bishop, of Quyon, and Rev Steers, recitations by Mrs. S. Sly and Arnott Bines, songs by Bert Swartz and Miss Kathleen Wood ley and an instrumental duet by Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Paul Rev. A. F. Pokes acted as chairman.
$4.50
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. We.t MONTREAL, QUE.'

In the

Cardigan
All Wool

r'jdr::.
m

.$2.50
Sweaters

ft

mm
s
Stylish Handbags and Purses
BtLAIR 3 157

»
i
$1.00 to $1.95
Î
• •
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
I
Fall |iWeight Fabric Gloves .
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
85c
• • • •
I
New Knee Flexable Mercury Hose per g pair.

ONT.
OTTAWA,
*
PHO E, 2-7861
German Prisoner Shot While Rushing Internment Guard
Ernest Nuelleur was shot and killed when he rushed an intern mont camp guard, internment officials announced Saturday.
The shooting occnred, officials «aid while the guard was trailing Nueller and Rudolph Rauschen bach after the two internees had tried to gain their freedom from a Northwestern Ontario intern ment camp
Nueller was killed some distance from the camp after he and Rauschenbach got away from a fatigue party working in the bush.
The guard came on the two men just as dusk fell over the north* western bushlands
Alone, the guard heard voices coming from a shack on the top of a hill. Taking his stand with ritie at ready just outside the door of the shanty, he called to the men to come out, officials said.
Suddenly the door burst open and Nueller, a powerful fellow of more than six feet in height, rush, ed the guard.
There was a shot and Nueller fell Riuisenbnch then surrendered.
! $2.50 to $2.95
I
$1.15
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO .
# •
HATS

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Str
j

Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Hollins,
Reg. Optometrist
New Felt Hats. Several I Styles to choose from.
Specially priced at
1
Donations to Pontiac
z^C
l
Reg. Optometrist
J
$1.95

Gordon T. Paul
insurance
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
^Experienced j| \V. A. HodgîtlS, Lt d
Dependable Through 11	**
Generations
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
Whippoorwill: Elusive Bird
A big move in the Shanghai area by the Japanese was viewed as not unexpected, Involving possible seizure of the international settlement and the French concession, if the United States didn’t follow up their tough talk about the Invasion of French Indochina.
BRITAIN: The British Government will continue the evacuation of children to America despite last week's torpedo disaster.
FRANCE: The Retain regime in unoccupied France might soon disappear, it was hinted at Rome. A disposition of French territory with a new government to administer it, is expected.
JAPAN: New York Times' correspondent Hallett Abend declared that Adolf Hitler appeared to be the verge of successfully forcing Japan Into an unwilling full-fledge alliance with the Reich. Adopting frank “or else”
(Abend said) Hitler is demanding that Japan immediately enter upon full participation in the war against Britain and Join an iron-bound politico economic alliance with the Axis powers.
RUSSIA: Heavy Russian military concentrations and manoeuvres in the region of Odessa, with Soviet Black Sea naval forces also gathering on a preparedness basis, were reported from Budapest. There developments were believed prompted by Russia's uneasiness over the Iron Guard Government in Rumania whose territory has been guaranteed by Germany, and by Moscow’s fears that the Axis powers were planning to carry the war more directly in the Near East.
BALKANS: Turkey and Greece exchanged diplomatic confidences in the face of an Axis threat to sweep them clear of "nests of intriguing Englishmen." Their ally 1n the old Balkan Entente, Yugoslavia, was authoritatively reported to have "reaffirmed loyalty to the Rome-Berlin Axis." Territorial concessions to Hungary and Bulgaria were believed being planned by Yugoslav "appeasers."
TURKEY: "If the Italians try to take over Syria, the Turks .will be there one hour before they arrive,” an authoritative spokesman said in Istanbul upon the return of the Turkish ambassador to Rome.
CHINA:
Qmutian Troops On Guard In Historic Newfoundland
VOICE
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
IPSiluniEl

OF THE
PRESS

Few Ever See the Bird of Dusk flage

it
Master of Camou-
'Ntt

-


THE WOMEN ARE LOST
Since the eclipse of Paris, there’s one to tell a woman where her waist is.
m
v.
m



Although lovers and poets often have noted the song of the whippoorwill, the bird Itself has come almost as near to achieving complete invisibility as any living créature.	a , ,,
The whippoorwill is masterfully
camouflaged, according to Dr. Win-Bor M. Tyler in a Smithsonian Institution bulletin, and it is not “one person in a hundred" who has o\ ci seen one. It is a bird of the ' dusk and the dark," migrating between Florida and the Northern climates and travelling entirely by night, lie said.
W £=

*
(NO. 10)
By G. C. Toner Ontario Federation of Anglers
THE MASK1NONGE
Our largest freshwater game fish is the maskinonge, or as it k called nearly everywhere, the muskie. These fish grow very large ; in recent years a few have been taken in our lakes that weighed nearly 60 pounds but there are early records of 80 pound monsters from Ontario. Huskies belong to the pike family and look very much like the •ommon northern pike. There are, however, important differences between the two fish. The bead of the muskie is larger than the head of a pike of comparable size ; the muskie has the lower part of its gill covers and cheeks entirely unsealed while the pike has scales all over its cheeks. Examination of the cheek scales is the method used by the biologists who wish to distinguish between the two fish.
LARGEST IN ONTARIO The range of the maskinonge In Ontario includes the shorelines of most of the Great Lakes, the Trent Valley canal and its connecting lakes, Lake Simcoe, Lake Stoco and the Moira river, the Ottawa river and its larger tributaries, the upper St. Lawrence, the French river and many of the lakes of the Rainy river district. It is not abundant anywhere but some are taken each year from most of these lakes and and rivers. Personally, I have found the best angling for mus-kies along the St. Lawrence from Prescott to Lake St. Francis.
Maskinonge spawn over the weed beds in the spring. In some regions spawning occurs as soon as the ice leaves the shores; elsewhere the breeding run may not take place till late May. In the actual spawning act the female, attended by several males, scatters the eggs in very shallow water and leaves them unattended. This method of spawning is of considerable consequence in • the conservaton of the fish as I I will show later.	|
HOW MUCH THEY EAT Maskinonge have a voracious appetite, feeding almost entirely en other fishes. The larger they grow the more food they need and a big old-timer will need many fish each year to keep alive. Maskinonge of 26 to 30 pounds in weight are said to be about 16 to 18 years of age. If you are interested in numbers try figuring out how many fish a muskie will have eaten during its lifetime if it weighs 36 pound when caught. The answer will probably show that several tons Of other fishes have been needed to produce the one maskinonge.
no
&
v

—Toronto Star.

K#: : -
I*
BOOKLESS HOMES
The bookless house or the house with a few books obviously not bought for reading. Is not an uncommon spectacle in any country. Yet the money spent In frivolities in a single year would provide every homo in the land with a library of the wit and wisdom of the ages.
—Guelph Mercury.



w.
new

m*
»
• .

%

on
&
—o
HAS CURIOUS HABITS Only recently, according to Dr. Tyler, has close observation brought to light many of the whippoorwill's curious habits.
It builds no nest but lays its eggs the ground, depending on tlio flickering shadows of the woodlands over the background of dried leaves to conceal them. The newly hatched chick, almost exactly the color of the dead leaves, remains essentially Invisible, and the young found almost exclusively by ac-
LAZY PARKING
Double parking of passenger cars Is quite without excuse, and offending drivers should be prosecuted vigorously. The offending driver parks in a second line belie is too lazy to find hlm-
tactlcs,


>•
cause
self a legal parking place and walk back to Ills destination, and for offenders in this class there is no justification for police leniency.
—Ottawa Journal.
Oil
Transported silently and efficiently by destroyers of the Royal Canadian navy, Canadian troops have taken up positions in historic Newfoundland. Some destroyers were not able to get close to shore and the troops and their equipment had to be landed from small boats. Carrying their weapons with them, these soldiers are shown as their boat passed away from the side of the destroyer.
ONTARIO COALITION?
There is an impression abroad that Mr. Hepburn and Col. George Drew, the Conservative leader, are getting together to form some kind of coalition Government. Col. Drew has been strangely silent since the last Federal election, and Mr. Hepburn must know that his position has been greatly weakened by Ills attacks on the Federal Prime Minister. Some new alignment may be in the making, and it would not be at all surprising If the two leaders should agree to join forces.
—Goderich Signal.
are
cident.
The melancholy refrain which is repeated over and over, is continu-from dusk until 9:30 and from 2 a.m. until dawn. John Burroughs, the naturalist, once counted 1,058 such repetitions.
mis
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
FRONTS ARE OPENING UP IN AFRICA, MIDDLE EAST
SCOUTING . .
Cobalt Scouts have presented the Red Cross with a cheque for $20.00 raised by the sale of waste paper.
$ # #
Rover Scouts of the 3rd Hamilton Crew have made it a Crew “quest” to seek out Old Country boy war guests who are in the city, to invite them to connect themselves with Wolf Cub Packs or Scout Troops. The first purpose is thus to widen their circle of friends and help prevent homesickness.
and the U. S. last week evidence multiplied of tightening co-operation, military and economic. Corps of British specialists were in the States, working with Army, Navy, Defense, on behalf of British purchases, consulting and exchanging information.
In Washington, a genuine war spirit was abroad, partially obscured by election talk and preparations. The belief everywhere seemed «to be that the United States was likely to be involved in Europe, at a not far distant date, possibly fighting In a “shooting war"; most certainly in an economic war with Germany and Italy . . .
Britain has “enjoyed the last pause” in the war, and the Axis offensive will be carried out now against the entire British Empire, the Essener National Zeltung said last week in summarizing the Rib-ben trop-Ciano talks in Rome. The conversations in Berlin immediately following doubtless dealt with Spain and its entry into the war; the Italian assault on Egypt ; a German push down through the Balkans towards Britain’s vital oil wells in the Middle East. Strong warnings were issued to Egypt and Greece to renounce their ties with Britain.
entertainment for poor children of the city.
*
The Boy Scouts of India are continuing their campaign ot education in sanitation and accident prevention for the benefit of backward village communities. During a “Road Courtesy Week” held by the Scouts of Kolahapu", the boys manned all important traffic points, and used loud speakers, leaflets and placards “to develop road sense and reduce accidents.”
The Book SheU
A radio set was a much appreciated gift of the Scouts of Vermilion, Alta., to the Vermilion Hospital.
“ESCAPE"
By Ethel Vance
One of the most exciting adventure stories you will ever read, Is “Escape" by Ethel Vance. You will thrill to this tale of loyal Germans risking their lives to thwart Nazi brutality — about a woman betraying the man she loves — in a desperate plot to save from execution a woman they hardly knew.
As fiction, the book is different from any other you will have come across because it reads, In its circumstances, like the most exciting happenings in real life. It's convincing to the limit.
The book formerly was $2.50, but It is now available in reprint form at a much lower price.
“Escape" ... by Ethel Vance . . . Toronto: Little, Brown and Company.
Air War Of Attrition
United States military experts were of the opinion last week that a major attempt at invasion of England this fall had been shelved by the Axis In favor of a big drive in the eastern Mediterranean and in Africa. They declared that the Battle of Britain for the present had become the Siege of Britain — an aerial war of attrition against the British people while more spectacular military operations against British strongholds took place elsewhere.
A delaying factor in the new Axis program was seen to be close political connection of events in Africa and the Middle East with events in the Balkans. Italy obviously needed bases in Greece before jumping into Africa with both feet, but an explosion in the Balkan# might bring Turkey into the war and upset Mussolini’s calculations. Demobilization of Syria wa# also seen necessary to the Axie plans.
To Last Through Winter?
Both Berlin and London admitted that the air war over England might be expected to go on all winter. Hie Majesty King George VI addressing the British people reassured them once this was made known. “After our present trials," he declared, “will assuredly come victory." The Government immediately set about ordering construction of 1,000,000 bunks in London’s ah* raid shelters and announced the commandeering of shelters in industrial establishments for the use of the public — the people of London could not continue indefinitely sleeping on subway station platforms.
#
#
Collaboration In East
And Japan? Reported U. S. collaboration with Britain in the defense of their Far East possessions was followed by Secretary of State Cordell Hull's warning to Japan that the status quo in Indo-Ch in a was being upset. He declared: “The position of the United States in disapproval and deprecation of such procedures (the Invasion of French Indo-China) has repeatedly been stated," but gave no indication of the Government’s plans, aside from the loan of $25,000,000 to the Chinese Government. Was the United States really beginning to talk tough, and mean it? Whs the United States ready to risk war with Japan?
The successful application cf splints to the broken leg of a girl, and her safe removal to a I hospital, brought commendation I for two Scouts at Port Hope, Ont. The break, a spiral frac- I
ture, was suffered during play.
• • •
Bombay Boy Scouts pay regu- I lar visits to orphanages and other children’s institutions. They sponsor also a monthly “ChliJ- I ren’s Day" of games and other
Devil’s Island
Is Disorganized
Twenty Devil’s Island convicts landed at the small island of Vieques, near Porto Rico, last week. The numerous escapes this year are attributed to disorganization of the French penal colony by the war, causing guards to relax vigilance.
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
y///j

Fugitives Flee To Switzerland
VJ

vy
%
WILL-YUM.

f/A

War-Week At Home
Canada, drawing closer to the United States, was considering new steps toward mutual defense, preparing to sign the St. Lawrence seaway pact, at an early date . . . Definite action in regard to the Western wheat problem, which approached the proportions of a first-class emergency, was reported in Ottawa quarters to be impending. Farmers hoped something would be done immediately about the record grain crop which was having .to be stored in schools and other public buildings out west . . . Big cities of the Dominion were told to stay on daylight-^vlng time indefinitely, and, whether they liked it or not, rural and small town residents of Canada faced the pos-eigility that they might have to go on “fast time" for the winter,

///
%

z
Ontario Boasts Marriage Jump
Land Is Becoming Melting-Pot of Refugees In and Out of Country Continual

//
Escapee


7

z
Big Increase This Year Over Last, Especially In the Month of July — Due to National Registration
z
\
Escape! It’s a magic word to millions in Europe.
Thousands, tens of thousands,
try it.
Some succeed.
More fail.
Success in many cases has meant only new capture and new escape attempts. Failure has frequently meant death.
\
' c
/
• •
• •
• # */ • • '
<z

Marriages In Ontario during July showed a decided increase prior to national registration, according to the provincial secretary’s department. The average was 182 a day compared with 105 a year ago.
Total marriages for the month were 5,013, compared with 2,840 a year ago. In June there were 4,928 and a year ago 3,589. In Quebec, during June there were 4,718, or at the rate of 157 per day.
10 PER CENT RISE As between Ontario and Quebec, according to federal statistics the increase during 1939 over 1938 is about equal, there being a 10.8 per cent increase in Quebec and a 10.5 per cent increase in Ontario. In 1939 there were 34,657 weddings in Ontario and 28,911 in Quebec. In 1938 there were 30,008 in Ontario and 25,044 In Quebec.
/

I

&
2%
i
z

Since war began Switzerland has been the goal of many an escaped war prisoner or concentration camp eaptive.

O'
X
2
1
4

7
a
n
i
%

MANY WAR PRISONERS
I
Under international law escaped prisoners cannot be turned back by a neutral state. No such laws protect concentration camp prison ere.
German aviators who fell in fkrance burned their planes and hiked to Switzerland, taking days lor the trip. German Infantrymen bave reached Switzerland, too.
From Germany, however, come many more escaped prisoners, for Germany had more prisoners. Austrians, Czechs, Poles, French, Belgians, Netherlander#, Danes, Norwegians and British trickle Into Switzerland by night and day, us-fag a hundred disguises, a thousand tricks to travel hundreds, even thousands of miles to liberty.
BRITONS ARE RETURNED
Of all those who escape, only the fate of the British is clear once they arrive in Switzerland. Return fa his country once he reaches this neutral soil is easy for the Briton. It's not so easy for the rest—for theirs are conquered, occupied <oun tries.
too.
FINLAND: German troops landed at the Finnish port of Vasa, midway up the Gulf of Bothnia. The landing followed Finland’s submission to Germany’s demand for troop facilities to aid in her occupation of Norway. Did Russia agree to the German action? Know of it in advance? Were the Nazis getting ready to Jump off for Iceland?

Lifeline From U. S.
Besieged, truly, the people of Great Britain yet had one wide-open avenue through which to get supplies. Food, ammunition, planes, kept coming in vast quantities from the United States (40 per cent of U. 8.-manufactured planes were going to Britain). Between Britain
C'y
03
9

7-19
Maybe all little chickens do go to bed at sunset, but doesn’t the
old hen always go with them !"
(Copyright IBM, fry frtd K.h.r)
Swoosh
REG’LAR FELLERS
By GENE BYRNES
STAY UNDER THE BED, ) TINY OLE BCTf/IT'S NICE ( AN’ WARM THERE / jJ

rxsi
>1
WÊL&
MOM SAID WE COULD LET TINT SLEEP IN OUR ROOM TONIQHT/
JtL
Eft
t



I


l

1
Jj
I
X


0
*
7

l

•%


VI
% »

/
it
• %
'
vV
t
i

,i(y(S



•*
What happens to these men of
riaoends entire-
y <a*«
6W-R #

*
4«Iao

Oc .14)163 CVUBM1- ¦	I
^ Upon cases. If they have friends fa Switzerland, they might be permitted temporary liberty. If they have friends abroad they might be lucky enough to get visas and transportation out
i
<x
' ^
V
'Z

l)l
WJ •
WEm
3J
K
dt
HIHHH
p»t Otfi". All right, memd
k/
/
###PAGE###3###
T
1
i
l
1
HILLS of DESTINY I =&
¦


:
WW*#

4
«M
&¦



i
Leading Child Psychologist Says Mingling of Canadian Youngsters With British Evacuees Benefit
by Agnes Louise Provost


is to Their Mutual


menace of the blast and farther back into the old mine, dizzy from the loss of blood, with a film before his eyes and a white-hot purpose in his brain.
'Oh God, let me live long enough for this !”
Hack of him there was a sput-turing fuse. Outside there was quiet, dusk falling, a man running. The man dodged behind rocks and scrub, slipped into a fringe of junipers and crouched to listen. It came a moment later, the dull boom of a blast.
"LET ME EXPLAIN”
Life had to be faced. Virginia dragged herself back to the realization of that, and went slowly toward the hall. Mrs. Archer, tearful and incoherent, came toward her niece with outstretched hands.
"Oh my dear, I’ve just heard !”
"Pleaseî 1 don’t want to talk about it,” Virginia said tensely. She went on, leaving Mrs. Archer indignant and perturbed, but she had yet to pass Stanley. He stood in her path, urgently pleading.
"Virginia, let me explain. I only did it to save you from a terrible mistake. You don’t understand—”
"I do. I understand more than you know and I think you are the foulest, most contemptible thing I have ever seen. Get out of my way!” Without another word Virginia went on to her father’s old office and shut the door behind her.
farther
Synopsis
Les Hollister returns unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, his foster father and owner of the Circle V ranch, dead by his own hand. The ranch is going to ruin and Matt's daughter, Virginia, now owner of the ranch, is living in New York with the Archers, her aunt and uncle. Her uncle wants her to sell the ranch to Mihon Bradish, one time Matt’s assoc-ite. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley tries to discredit Lee in Virginia’s eyes. One evening Joscfa Ramirez who is jealous of Lee’s interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and throw* herself into his arms just as Virginia ride* past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josefa, and is shot from ambush. Virginia becomes jealous of Lee and sells the ranch to Milton Bradish. Lee proposes to Virginia and she is sorry she •old the ranch. Lee tries to get it back and tells Bradish that Matt Blair gave him a half interest in it, making Virginia’s sale illegal.	t
0

am


»

Dr. Karl S. Bernhardt, a leading child psychologist and chair-of that branch of the Brit-

m
$

man
ish Overseas Children’s Committee at the University of Toronto, said in a recent interview that the social implications involved in mixing children from the British Isles and Canada will turn out

m


i
4

à

*<
>

%
wm
» .
¦ .*,*
\\



!
S.Æ




for the best.
m


The children will be better for mixing with each other, he believes.
"Parents need to exercise much more thought and to have much more advice. Foster parents will, no doubt, run into many difficulties and in order to give them help we propose to provide classes for them here in the institute.
ê
“I believe the evacuee movement will make for a sort of leavening in Toronto. I think it will teach Canadian parents that it is not wise to keep their children ns closely tied to their apron strings as many of them do. that both the Canadian and English children will be better rounded-out individuals as a result of their associations.”
w
duce heat and simmer for IV* hrs, or until meat falls from the bones. Pick off meat, put through chopper. Place in mould. Cook stock down slightly; add lemon juice and pour onto tha meat until it feels soft and moist. Chill until set. Slice, arrange on plate with garnish. Serves 8.
T
•r.-.-r
T
Five-Minute Beauty Tips
A
A
L
B
If Youn’re Trying To Econ* omize, Here Are Helpful
Hints
K
L
S
E
Excessive make-up has gone by the board. Concentrate on keeping the face in good trim rather than "gone-glamorous.” Remember that to be sure of a good result a face must be clean and it must be nourished. Cleanse it night with cream, leave on for a few seconds, then wipe off. It takes under a minute to do this. Tap in a mild astringent and you will feel the skin glow under it. Last thing at night tap the skin food all over the face and particularly round the eyes, because this is where lines come first. Second danger points smile lines, and under the chin. Feed these points well.
CARING FOR THE HAIR
Now for the difficulty of hair. Hair feels the strain of present times badly. Brushing takes up too many of the precious moments but give it as much as you can. Use a good brilliantine if your hair is dry, and do make up your mind that you must use a first-class hair tonic.
Don't go in for elaborate hair styles. The long bob is the easiest to manage and you can always push it into a snood and look tidy. When it comes to the home shampoo, whihe lots of us indulge in today, remember to choose one suited to your type of hair. Be sure you rinse your hair enough of us trip up when we resort to home methods. Spray with setting lotion if you have greasy hair, use only water if you have dry hair, and pin into waves; dry in the sunK if you can.
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to lif ten to your "pet peeves." quests for recipes or special
der. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chanters, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
-SAVORY MEAT DISHES'
As Autumn advances and the fresh fruit season nears the end, the homemaker as a natural consequence makes changes in daily
As desserts change in
I think
Re-
CHAPTER XXII
Inside the tunnel, Slant y jerked the limp body over his shoulder and headed deeper into the mine.
menus.
type so do all the courses to some degree. Meat savory dishes seem to be synonymous with the early crisp Autumn days.
men
Some distance in, where the way seemed entirely blocked, he dropped his burden, picked a crowbar from a shelf lost in the
Becoming Yoke Style For Larger Sizes
Savory Tenderloin Casserole
lYa lbs. tenderloin 2 cups soft bread crumbs 1 cup diced apple •>* cup diced onion
1	teaspoon sage % teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons butter Ya teaspoon pepper
Dip each piece in flour and sprinkle with paprika. Fry until brown quickly in hot fat on top of stove.
Place brown pieces in baking pan. Add about 2 tablespoons of fat in which meat was fried, to the other ingredients. Combine together for a dressing and add to the meat (each piece) a mound of dressing. Cover and place in oven at 400 deg. F. Remove cover, bake 30 minutes longer. Serves 4 people.
Spaghetti and Steak
1 Ya lbs. round steak Ya cup chopped onion Ys cup chopped green pepper Yx cup chopped mushroom Ya cup green peas 1	teaspoon	horseradish
1	teaspoon	salt
Ya	teaspoon	pepper
1 Ya cups cooked spaghetti 1 cup tomato soup (canned) Combine steak, onion, green pepper and mushrooms. Fry until browned. Blend in seasonings and peas. Arrange meat mixture and spaghetti in alternate layers in casserole. Pour on toma'o soup (if real thek, dilute a little with	milk or	cream).	Bake at
375 deg. for 30 minutes. Serves
The quiet of the little room closed around her like a protect-
It was easier to dis-
darkness near the roof, and pried several tumbled rocks aside. With a grunt of satisfaction he picked up the wounded man again and earned him through the opening, dropping him once more, like a sack of meal.
He struck a match and held it close to the pallid face. Slanty settled back on his heels, tauntingly conversational.
“Yo’rc right alongside of Matt Blair’s precious samples, the ones that never got to the Assay Office a tall. Didn’t think Slanty Gano’d be smart enough to switch ’em, did ye? There’s goin' to be one more cave-in at the old Bonanza, an* you’re goin’ to be under it, or back of it, or thereabouts. When you're mined, ye’ll be bones, an' it’ll be old Bradish's job to explain ye.”
Slanty arose, chuckling derisively. He seemed to have some convenient cache here, for he found a bit of candle, lit it, stuck it in the neck of a bottle arul looked around approvingly. The stage was set for a blast which would send n mass of rock and rumble down to crush a helpless man or imprison him in slow torment until he died. Still Slanty lingered, licking hungry lips over the flavor of rvenge.
The wounded man's eyelids flickered and were still. Slanty caught the movement and bent over him with a grin.
“Wakin’ up, Lee? Ye
The word jerked off in a smothered snarl, leaped at his throat. Lee was struggling to his feet, panting and fighting. Slanty, caught unawares, gave way for a step or two. Then battering blows came, beating a wounded man at close range. A smashing blow landed in Lee's face, and he sagged and crumpled.
A
those
Fashion Flashes
mg arm. believe that hideous accusation in this place where her father’s presence still lived, genial and kind.
r
3449
» *
SIZES
16-59
Placing a fall of gathered fullness off-centre is an arresting feature of a dramatic white silk jersey frock, the bodice developed with a cape-like bloused back, the deeply pointed wide corselet waistline embroidered like fine grille work.
There was only one relief from the turmoil in her mind, and that was in work. Her father's papers, for instance. There was a closet full of them, and there might be something about Lee. She carried armfuls over to the desk. CHEQUE FROM MATT It was slow work. Some of it was poignant; much of it was dull, as old bills and papers must be. She sighed, sorting them briskly into better order. A pile of old check books caught her eye. She pulled them toward her, scanning dates with a sudden impulse to check up the amounts that he had sent her during lean years when he had been so hard pressed.
“T. Ellison Archer .......$5,000.”
“Adele M. Archer ..........$2,800”
She reached for her pencil. When it was finished she looked wearily down at a sordid little history, check after check made out to her aunt and uncle during the years when she had lived in their home. With damning accuracy they tallied with her recollection of various acts of generosity cn their part—the coming out dance that they had given for her, .the first trip to Europe, the second, the summer at Nar-Quick hands | ragansett, the time Aunt Adele
had taken her to Palm Beach.
Someone tapped at the door, and her aunt came in.
“Virginia dear, I am soldistres-sed for you. I simply can't keep silent any longer. Of course you can’t stay after this horrible scandal.”
“Why not? It’s my home, and it's Lee’s also if he wants to come.”
“Rut Virginia, you couldn't live here alone — with all these rough men! And you know our home is open to you, darling, just as it always has been.”
For answer .Virginia pushed a sheet of paper toward her. It was closely written with figures and dates and names.
HOOFS COMING NEARER “Not quite as it always was,” she said in a bitter voice. “My father isn't here to pay these any move, without even being given the credit for his generosity . . .”
Her aunt started to speak, stopped, hesitated, and then went hurriedly cut of the door. Humiliation burned dully in her cheeks, and she stifled a sob.
Virginia did not appear at dinner, but sent her excuses by Ling.
She did not even attempt to sleep tlmt night. Moonlight came, bathing the valley in silver. The silver was beginning to pale before she flung herself across the bed. still dressed, wondering if she could ever sleep again.
She raised her head at the I sound of pounding hoof beats. They were distant, but coming j nearer . . . That was racing i speed . . . The sound swept past, j swerved toward the bunk hous* and stopped.
ii o i
m
a
a
A
° Ô
ré
!
m an afternoon frock of black woollen, the skirt is slashed to show J;he sapphire blue velvet sheath, which also is revealed beneath the cut-work embroidery. A widened, dropped shoulder yoke is emphasized by embroidery.
n
SI
Û
v)
a

l
Ù
o
Novelty stiff taffetas kind that “stand alone,” high-style choice for teen girl “formais” in woven stripes or stripes or checks that suggest a brocade effect.
the
that is where most
à
are a
ù
ô lô
*v

i
û
a
ô
/IS
A
t
•Vlfliî 0
A
o M
5
*?
4
â
A tweed trotteur, moderately flared skirt, looks new with a double-breasted eton for fall, here done in a heather herringbone hand-loomed tweed
(A \U
a
ê
û
ê
Y our Baby Needs To Exercise Too

c
Can’t Find House
So Leaves Town
Game Is the Best Way; Light, Inflated Ball Is Used
/
• f
The baby should have regular exercises just as much or more so than an adult. The time to begin baby's systematic exercise is about the end of the third month when the eyes have developed so that he can begin to perceive objects.
As with adults’ exercises, psychology holds that the best form of exercise for the baby is that which centresxthe interest on something else but the exercise—some sort of game.
With housing accommodation of all kinds at a premium In the Lake-head cities, despite a building boom in houses, the Port Arthur Chamber of Commerce has issued a call to citizens with an extra room to rent it. A member of the Port Arthur City Council has had to move to Fort William because he couldn’t find a house in his own city, it reported. Alderman G. McComber, theatre manager, sold his home, was unable to buy a suitable one, and rented an apartment from Mayor C. M. Ross of Fort William.
Workers in war industries, Air Force instructors at the Fort William Air School and others in the armed services have taken up all rooms available.
By Louise Lennox
A softly rolling collar, pointed shoiilder yokes with flattering bust fullness and a slim paneled skirt are the smart features of this attractive dress for larger sizes. This versatile pattern is equally nice made of cotton for mornings at home as it is of rayon crepe for festive afternoons and evenings, keeps it smooth and neat at the shoulder line while allowing for complete freedom of motion. The button front is as practical as it is becoming. You can slip this dress on in a jiffy without mussing your hair.
Style No. 3449 is designed for sizes 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50. Size 36 requires 3 % yards of 39-inch material with M yard of contrasting.
Send Twenty Cents, (Coin Is Preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
six.
Pork Tenderloin Breaded «
1% lbs. pork tenderloin 1 egg
1 tablespoon water 1 teaspoon tomato catsup 1 small onion, chopped 1 cup dry bread crumbs Beat egg slightly, add water and seasoning. Dip tenderloin into egg mixture then into crumbs. Place in greased pan (sprinkle with onion). Dot with butter. Bake at 400 covered for 10 min., add % cup hot water at side of pan, cover, bake 35 minutes longer.
was
The yoke back
HITTING A WOUNDED MAN
Retreating steps, a clang of a crowbar, a grinding sound. Floating somewhere in a dim sea of weakness, Lee knew vaguely that Slanty had pried the big rocks back over the opening, shutting him in.
Under his cheek was something lumpy and rough. His fingers groped over it. Rocks in burlap, gritty with earth? These must be Matt’s samples, that had never reached their destination. Lee shoved them into his pccket, and with a dgged attempt at haste began to crawl away from the
FOR STRETCHING
A light inflated ball is the toy that will for the longest space of time give the baby the most exercise. He is no different from the adult in that either—a ball is the basis of all games, and red is the color—still similar to sound adult custom. Red in movement will fascinate any human being and baby is no exception.
A red balloon tied to the baby’s wrist will keep its interest up in the jerks and swings of the arms and legs and the body stretching that are the best form of baby’s exercises.
Pressed Veal
4	lbs. veal shank
1	lb. pork (hock or other meat
2	quarts water
2 teaspoons salt hi teaspoon pepper % teaspoon cloves (ground)
1 small onion 1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon chopped mint 1 teaspoon lemon juice V\ tsp. mustard
Wipe off meat. Cover with water and add seasoning. Bring to boil and boil 5 minutes. Re-



/
iWfi

I
s
z
z
t
f
A
v
•Toronto.

•I
»
Nervous Tension Needs Recreation
^^,.lWIN4WAR
>

¦


fvm
*
i
fiXtenticn /
NON-PRESSURE * LAMP USERS

Change From Normal Routine Helps — Keep Feet On Floor
*
i
aI
:
i
i
8
l
Keep your feet on the floor and don’t grit your teeth if you want to escape nervous tension.’
An issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association recommended elimination of “energy supping” motions, monotony and immobility as the best means to avoid nervous tension a product of civilization.
Recreation should provide a change from normal routine, not merely physical activity, the journal advises. Eat regularly and not between meals, ard relax competely several times each day, the journal said.
There Is no virtue so truly grew*
and godlike as Justice. —Addison.
•^Radio's Newest Thrill ' }4	THE
S STAMPS
ri

t«iWl
z1
'
On/*
1
'MIRACLE
J 1
# Enjoy Genuine Coleman Uri:i««nee
I

\/j
# Get BIG CASH
SHORT-WAVE
Saving In Mantle#
^ \ Glvs yourself the ailvan-K, X tauve of Cokmaji iightiue » \ efficiency and economy— % V 8 moke It-we, odorless Soft cysaaving light.
^< "oleman Mentis and Holder combination costs 40c. Holder lasts indefinitely. Refill mantle# coat only 30c each. Saves 10e over cost of other mantles which cannot be bought without holders. See your dealer today or write Coleins n for details.

< t
TUNER
> Ï
#
»
Ta
The only tuning system that tan locate end "expend" the signe! ef every audible station on the entire short-wove spectrum from 16 to 49 metres* Mokes foreign tuning ten times easier, clearer, faster end positive! — Yet casts no more than ordinary "band-spread" sets *
Insist an seeing Hus new sensation.
>
'
I
Gown Brand dolly. Canada's greetest oner
J
h*e i

w
!
^8
(To be continued)
food
•ves'^dmi52lLd ** Â
Tie Crown Brand Motte— Æ
arm Led in colours; Crowe
6:	<1 "HcMik <.f Magie”, à
•ilooà^of Kl.idles'' aU y
Seick
TYPE

For age is op))ortunity, no leas
Than youth itself, though in another dress ;
And n the evening twilight fades a\ ay
The sky is tilled with stars invisible by day.

pe/tfr
Coleman KER-ouTE
NON-PRESSURE 10AL Otl LAMP
Crown

Canada
or
One
ISSUE 40—'40
it.
toi.i.siAx i. ttir a stow: t <>.. uu.
JUepl. IN < * - I ¦
in esclunlve feature of >1 1.1 MS and DePOHK«T Hndl
U
Toronto, lasadu

###PAGE###4###
H rj, & 7A 7J Fj f5	% % &
aoimoiwly.
Motion by Cra. Cotie-Prendergast, to adjourn.—Carried.
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 10, 1940
Hodgins Garage
Winter Egg Production
\
\
Harland C. Rowar
\
Sec.-Treas
g
\
\
\
Fire Prevention Week October 7th to 12th
X
Palate Poll Shows
X
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales

Variety of Tastes
The National Restaurant association recently took a “palate poll” cf celebrities* ideas of a perfect meal
All of which brings a slightly bitter response from oldsters who have watched celebrities eat since the first World's fair was a new idea
1
By proclamation of His Excellency the Governor General of Canada, the week of October 6th to 12th has been set aside »s Fire Prevention Week. This week provides an annual occasion to impress upon public consciousness the oncost of the fire waste, to the end
that conditions may be improved and
fire carelessness reduced.	John C. Holmes, 75 years of age
The world has passed through a year and the oldest member of the Chi-of the second Great War and we have cago Waiters association, prefers to all re id accounts of the devastation and remember when men were men at havoc that has been wrought by means ÿie dining table and no woman of incendiary and high explosive bomba minded weighing 150 pounds in her and we are shocked by the details of leg-o-mutton sleeves, such accounts. Vet in the twenty years Hjg verdict on dining out in this since Fire Prevention Week was first era 0f calories and vitamin alpha-established in Canada, this country has | y^g js gimple
recorded more chan 800,000 fires lnvol- «people don’t know how to eat
ving a property loss of over $«2b,oou,- any m0re!** cency with which we watched Hitler n ^
¦*
dition to exist upon our premises that Aflg old.time diner-out, it seems, will invite a visitation of fire A gréa WQuld start with a cocktail and an majority of fires are so easy to prexent assortment of hors d’oeuvres. Hav-
tss.vss,	su s*
B	ja v, - j. -i ,	__ eggs, sardines and what-have-you,
Cities and towns, like individuals, reap I hfWQuld sit down, tuck in his nap-
what they sow. lo permit the erection Ljn an<J start distributing tabasco of fire-traps, to fail to provide an abun- g over a dozen oysters. Green dant and reliable water supply and ,urt,e	enriched with sherry,
means of using it or fail to apply_ the followed the blue points or the co-everyday rules of fire prevention, is to
constantly face a menace of heavy fires Hig ^roal muscles properly loos-
and sweeping conflagrations.	ened up by this little workout, your
\\by tolerate a condition which nut nineties diner disposed of a fish
only levies tribute upon life and pro- cou sole shad in season, or per
perty but in effect imposes an added yapS> jf ye was a delicate soul
•cost to the conduct <»f every feature of little lobster mayonnaise. Sweet-
business activity and increase the bur yreads or some other relatively light
den of the people in providing the Uentree” followed, with the main
necessities of life.	| course next and sixth on the card
We cannot afford go	be*|***^e*jeee*^e*jej*E
Fire Prevention
A

yv-
%

••

Winter egg production can easily
be maintained by starting your
Eades’ Eggslent
X
JE
ormous
&
9
laying birds on Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and
k'
X
X
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
s
Laying Mash or feeding to your bird until Spring
X
X
X
S
X
For those who have an abundance of grains and wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we can y a plete stock of Shur Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
If you are fattening poultry for market, Shut Gain Fattening March will give your birds that milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost.
X
8
Used Cars

com
and Trucks
There’s even a moral

&
3
\
X

X
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
I
V
X

X
X

XI
And
x
X
X
s
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'D-
X
5
i
K

s
K'
\
1
Picturesque Spanish Moss
Now Has New Jobs
Long noted for its picturesque contribution to Florida’s scenery, Spanish moss is developing into a definite economic asset furnishing employment and income to hundreds of Floridians, according to J. S. Foley, chairman of the industrial committee of the Florida State Chamber of Commerce.
X
X
Look Here
J. L. HODGINS
X
K
X
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.

>
X
X
S
Phone 64 J.

x
8
o
X
CHRISTMAS CARDS - Re sure and order your Christmas Cards early sonal and boxed assortments from $1.11) up. \V( uld appreciate your order, Kay Woodley, Shaw ville.
wi

Per


Modern furniture designers are turning to the test tube instead of the forest for inspiration in fashioning the love seats arid chaise longues that will decorate the smartly modern American heme.
This year's furniture fashions, recent exhibits show, arc using synthetic concoctions from the scion -
Canadian Companies Support Military Training
For years the springy, hair-Hke --------------------------------
fibers of the cured-and- ginned, LOST—On Snndav between Ecklmidt long, gray strands have been used Elliott's. King Street and W. J. Hayes, for stuffing upholstered furniture Centre St., a lady's white cold wrist
watch with bracelet. Finder kindly call The equity.
f
Canadian companies an* giving gcncr-ous'support to the struggle against Hitlerism hv assisting employées who wish to enlist. Generous plans have been formed to care for the dependents list's laboratory; have borrowed I of men who enlist in any branch of the tweed fabrics which formerly went services, into topcoats for use as upholstery materials and even have gone to the jungle for rubber cushions to replace the down so long supplied by our feathered friends.
Glass, which is probably the world's first synthetic material, this year has come to the fore as a suitable substance for all types of fur- To those who arc in full-time military niture, including chairs, dining room j services and have certified dependent®, tables, beds, dressers, fire screens the company will my a supplement *rr-and scores of other items. Over- presenting the difference between nrmv coming earlier criticism that it was pqy &nd allowances and the earnings of
the employee at the time he leaves the company for military service. In the ea®e of those who have no dependent®, the pay supplement will represent the différa nee between army pay and allow, ances and three quarters of their earnings at the time of departure.
But today many
and mattresses
new uses are being discovered, ar.d Spanish moss is being found in many guises, he declared.
One of these new uses for Spanish moss fibers has been developed by the modern air-conditioning industry.
The fibers are woven into a mat, held in a wooden or metal frame, ! FOR RALE—Three litters of Yorkshire
and placed in the air-intake to dean and filter the incoming air. Oft phone ->o-is. times the mat is moistened with a
83
wends its way through the labyrinth three years, will exchange for cattle of small air passages in the fiber Apply to Clifford Horner, R. R. No. 1
Shaw ville. Phone 15—16.
“If turkey or chicken was served/’ Holmes pointed out would be followed by still another course, a game dish such as partridge, pheasant or duck came the eighth course—salad and an assortment of cheeses/*
The ninth coufse was dessert.
The Dominion Fire Pievention As-1 And then came the coffee, w-th sociatio* in co-operation witn provincial brandy for the men and possibly fire marshals, local fire chiefs, insurance | liqueurs for the ladies.
“And what do you get today?1'
I, “You get a fruit cocktail, soup, probably a fillet mignon, some salad and a parfait. All they want to do is eat whatever you give ’em and be on their way."
indifferent to it all Week is a particular week set aside to call attention to the menace of fire. And just as we must throw our whole strength against the forces which aim to destroy our liberty, so should we be prepared to battle tint other demon— Fire
It
FOR SALE—A litter of pigs, 8 weeks old. One *24 inch Jewell Box Stove, almost new. Apply to John R. McDowell, Shaw ville.
Then
A plan ha« inst bom Announced by Robin Hood Flour Mills Limited which makes it possible for every qualified man to assist in the conntrv’s war effort, without financial s,icrfiic<\ The general outline of the plan of pay supplements and job guarantees is as follows;
organizations and other organizations of national scope is constantly working | asked Holmes in the furtherance of the aims of Fire Prevention. Are you doing your part ?
mat
Similar air-cleaning use of Spanish nqoss fiber is made in filters attached to carburetors on automobile, airplane, and other internal combustion engines.
Spanish moss has also been discovered to be a valuable source of nourishment for range cattle. And, while rather bulky for cooking in an ordinary kettle, man could use its
mini/5 3 V6getable h"111 ^ S° ! FOR SALE—Five litters of Yorkshire minaea.	Pigs. Ready for delivery Oetol>er4th to
Despite its range of occurrence 15th. Apply to Norval Hopxkr, R. R throughout the South, Spanish moss No. 1, Shawville. Phone 13-10. enters commercial channels almost ; _____________________________
antirely from the states of Lousiana for SALE—Massey-Harris Corn Bind-and Florida, it is stated. Florida ; er and Ensilage Cutter. Apply to Chas nas 10 firms supplying commercial Russell, Pine Lodge, Bristol. Phone Spanish moss, according to the 4-2.
Florida Industrial Directory of 1935. |--------------------------
FOR SALE—Pair Belgian Colts, rising 3 and 4 years ; cattle taken in exchange. Apply to A. A. Rose. R. R. 2. Shaw ville. Phone 22—25.
Shawville Council
too modernistic, bent plate glass has been accepted by many lead ng designers as an ideal materia! for furniture which is not only attractive, but also comfortable. In the new mode, polished plate glass appears in curved shapes to form the legs for end tables, the backs of chairs, and even davenports.
Likewise, plastic materials are employed for numerous purposes in the new furniture designs. Some are gaily colored: others woven to give reeded effects. Th\s type is particularly adaptable for outdoor furniture. The milky sap of the rubber tree, whipped to a foam-like
October 7, 1940
Glass Now Can Solve
Also the Photo Problem
A new heat-absorbing plate glass has been discovered to help solve one problem of millions of amateur photographers—not to mention professional picture makers.
Although designed principally for store windows in which perishable goods are displayed, the new glass known as “aklo” will reduce heat from photo enlargers — a major source of damaged or destroyed negatives. Placed between a hot incandescent lamp and a fragile negative in the enlarging process, the glass absorbs so much of the radiated heat that the negative scarcely becomes warm.
Another use for the heat-absorbing glass is to screen flood lights during the photography of flowers where fast work ordinarily is necessary to prevent drooping caused by the heat from the huge light bulbs.
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes Hall on the above date.
Present: His Worship Mayor G. G. McDowell in the Chair; Cra Caldwell, Prendergast, Cotie, Eudes,
The minntes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Cra. Eades-Prendergrast. —Carried.
The following bills were presented to Council for approval :
Gatineau Power Company------
Si	4	U
David T. Hodgins...........
H Itnbleau & Sons....... ...
Labour, streets .............
Harold Beckett.........'.....
Mrs. L E Thompson............
Mrs. R. Howard..............
General supply Co. of Canada G. T. Paul...................
FOR SALE — One General Purpcs Mare Foal. Apply to Kenneth Smiley R. R. No. 1, Shawviîle, Que 15-19.
Phone
To the many men who are already members of the non nermarpnt active milita and to those who will he nailed nr* as tramrr®. the e^mnanv will cove full pav for the fir<t 30 days in training rim ns and thereafter a nay supplement the same as to those who are in fulltime military service.
The rompanv is now undertaking *o return any employee who i« *w«v temporarily in a training rnmp to the same job he left, and to those who go into full service the company guarantees jobs
after the man is mustered out.
For purposes of seniority, the time spent in military service will be considered as having been spent in tlie company's employ.
Robin Hood Flour Mills Limited is a national organization, operating from coast to enast. and the policy th t dia* en adopted will nfleet employees in every province of Canada.




$ G4 09 57 49 2 80 219 83 136 60 20 00 5 00 5 00 65 72 17 55
Moved by Cr. Hides seconded by Cr. Cotie that the foregoing bills be paid. —Carried.	i
As per notice given in September meeting by Cr. Hides, By-Law No. 126 was introduced, which reads as follows;-


:
consistency, arid permeated xvitn holes for ventila tien, is being used today for upholstered furniture and mattresses.
Glass and plastics, however, are not the only news in the 1040 furniture presentations. Wrought iron and aluminum also have caught the fancy of the furniture designer and authorities predict that if the present trend continues the day may rot be far distant when American homes will he furnished coin pie ely with glass rnd metal furniture winch will vividly express the modern streamlined era.
FOR SALE — Reg. Ayrshire Cow, 1 years old : also for rent five-room living apartment, bathroom and modern con-1
Xpoly to Mrs. Bertal Phone 97
Boys Will Be Boys,
Goethe Liked Puppets
veniences Stark. Shawville
The German poet, Goethe, was a friend of puppets from his childhood. HENS FOR SALE—A
«*»y <*•»« y •=« « =«""•	«...
a friend of his good mother made 25-27
some puppets and sent them to him ___
and his sister for a Christmas pres-
n ii m her of Xpply to
WANTED—A quantity of good cedni fence posts. Apply toChas Smiley. R. R.
No. 1. Shawvelie
?nt
1
BY LAW NO. 1 26.
Whereas it is necessary and expedient that a tax rate be levied to meet the necessary expense of the Municipality of •Shawville, it is hereby resolved and ordained by By-Law No. 126, that a tax rate of Ten (10) mills on the dollar be and is hereby levied on every dollar of taxable property on the assessment roll of the Village of Shawville»for the year nineteen hundred and forty. Three mills for ordinary and seven mills for water-works, and that a discount of three percent be allowed on all 1940 ¦taxes pain before December 15, next.
The first reading was moved by Cr Eades, seconded by Cr. Cotie. By-law No. 129 was then read a first time The second reading was moved by Cr Prendergast, seconded by Cr. Caldwell. By-Law No. 126 was then read the second time. The third reading was moved by Cr. Cotie and sconded by Cr. Prendergast. By-Law No. 120 was then unanimously approved and duly enacted.
It was moved by Cr. Hides, seconded fby Cr. Caldwell, that this Council, on its own behalf, and on behalf of the ratepayers of the Vi liage of Shawville, do hereby express its thanks and appreciation to Mr. E. C. Lawn, ML A., to Mr. God bout, the Prime Minister and Mr. Bouchard the Minister of Roads, • for the paving uf the Main Street of the Village of Shawville, and the excellent manner in which this work baa be n carried out, and that the Secretary-Treasurer forward a copy of tbi* resolution to Mi. Lawn. Carried un
The mother had a happy thought.
She made a little stage and set it in the doorway of a room, just off the living room.
On Christmas morning, so the story is told by Winifred H. Mills and Louise M. Dunn in “Marionettes,” after the children had seen
‘heir presents, she had the family FOR SAI.B - One 3 year old driving
sit down before the closed door,	mare	; one 2-year-old colt heavy;	Pure
When she opened it, there was a kind	bred	Tam worth pigs, both sex.	six
jf porch concealed with a mysteri-	>nontl,« old ; 1 xxx Hampshire	down
1	. .	Ram	lamb ; Bronze turkeys
dus curtain.	Embdem Geese
Living Statues Save King’s Pride
Among the vaudeville acts of our vanished yesteryears, the “living statuary” acts posed by shapely and women in white tights,
Phone 10-17
FOR SALE—A pair of year and half old
also good
Apply to J. E. Pkrvkk,
rolls, three to choose fron mare and colt Portage du Fort. Phone 9 23
BBaBaBBBBBBBBBBBnBBnBEBBBSBSQBBBBBBBB&BBBaBBBnBSBflBnf
men
v ere more or less certain to come around each year
historic occasion when such
x
X
But there was

x
I The Hodgins Lumber Co.
X
one
“living statues" had to save a king's pride.
The king was Stanislaus I of Po-He xvas a slavish imitator of Louis XIV of France, and since the French king had erected the mag nificent palcce of Versailles, with its .'orr.ous gardens and fountains. Stan-sirus cou’dn't rest until he had a Versailles of his own, says the Milwaukee Journal. By means of heavy axation the Polish king wrung no ugh money out of his people to a Lid a palace, to import trees and lirubs from all over the world, to tave a great canal dug, and terraces and paths laid out. Proudly he Polish king sent out many inventions to a grand fete at his imita-ion Versailles. Then he remem->vrcd that he hadn’t any statues, vhereas the French monarch had cores of them.
It was cuo late to get real statues 3ut the resourceful Stanislaus hired male and female models,
s
X
fl
X

md
>
White
Barren Rock Pullets ;
The children were curious and ea- New Hampshire Pullets'; R.O.P. Cocker-
ger ,o know what w„, behindth.t
half-transparent veil. Ti.e Diotn Éu.IOTTi r, r. if Shawville. Shawville.
however, bade each sit down Phone 6 28. upon his stool. At length, Goethe says, “all were silent, a whistle gave the signal, the curtain rolled aloft and showed us the interior of a temple painted in deep red colors.
The high priest, Samuel, appeared with Jonathan, and their strange alternating voices seemed to me the most striking thing on earth. Shortly after entered Saul, overwhelmed with confusion at the impatience of that heavy-limbed warrior who had defied him and all his people. But how glad I was when the dapper son of Jesse, with his crook and shepherd's pouch and sling, came hopping forth and said, ‘Dread king and sovereign lord, let no one's heart sink down because of this. If your majesty will grant me leave, I wiT go out to battle with this bluster ng giant!’ "
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK

±r,
In Memoriam
Woods—In loving,memory of my dear mother, Mrs. Wm. J. Woods, of McKee, Que., who passed away October 9tb, 1939.
One year has passed, since that sad day,
God called the one We loved away.
It was hard to part,
But it was God’s will,
To vacate the chair,
That we never can till.
Sadly missed by her daughter, Mrs Melvyn ARMvroxa.
x
X
X
X
X
X
v
Phone 27
X
X
3
X
X

x
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
X
X
any
tressed them in classical robes and rade them pose for hours in the iches among his newly planted iirubberies. Some of these “living tatucs" almost died of fatigue heure the last guest left the gardens.
Shawville,
Quebec
i


###PAGE###5###
Do You Do Tills
The Equity
Service Announcement
A careful study of fire records shows Jree cf Heaven Grows that at least 80 per cent, of tires are	t	t \»/ m
preventable The following examples	III OllteOi • iV&y PI&CCS
are given from among thousands of No matter where you go in a city, known causes to show how easy fires	in Boston, New York, Chicago,
can start and the fatal results that may	Washington or any one of many
follow.	other cities in this country or
A man dropped a cigarette in a rub- abroad there is one interesting tree bi.sh pile in a rooming house and burn- that is continually cropping up in ed to death eleven people.	the most unexpected places. It can
A man dropped his cigarette in a	grow between cement blocks; it
couch in the lobby of a hotel. Fire	seems to thrive on nothing but
A mother in one of our leading college duce an abundance of green foliage; ^Pe.c,a evangelistic sen ice of song and cities, for the five hundredth time per-	it apparently likes the toughest ard	P Ie re	^	.®v*	Major G.	I. Campbell
haps, started a fire with coal oil. The	most trying growing condition it can	. Ottawa,	illustrating	his	message
fire she started burned to death three find. This is the tree of heaven, a with a number of beautiful colored children besides herself.	native of northern China, which * *hdes.
A man dropped a match on a garage	grows better under city conditions
floor, walked on and left it. A six year	in this country than any other tpee,
old child found it and ignited her cloth- native or exotic, ing which resulted in burns that caused | It was first taken to England by
Peter Coll ins in in 1751 and probably reached the United States late 1 St Andrew’s, Sunday School in the same century, writes Donald “	“	Service at
Jrs	Kr* a ««"
mended for city planting in this	e
country (and still is in some places) | Austin, so that it has become widely distributed in America. It is easy to propagate, either by seeds or root
cuttings, and because of its vigorous I Hospital Gif ^Services "at all preaching growth has made itself at home in places:—Gifts of Vegetables, Fruit many out-of-the-way places.	| and Canned Goods solicited.
The tree of heaven is also called
October Specials

Shawville United Church
Rev A. F. Pokes B. A , B.D. Pastor
Sunday, October 13'
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
At morning and afternoon services, Rev. R. E. Spencer, of Cobden, Ont., will bring the Thanksgiving message.
Established 1883
PUBLISHED KVKKY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
%

i
Outstanding values in good quality Hosiery.
All tlie latest shades for Fall in Allan A Hosiery
From 69c to 79c
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.50 To United States

V
2.00
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinue
W. O.COWAN, PUBLISHER
Childrens Fine Ribbed Warm Wool and Cotton Mixture Stockings. Reinforced heels and toes. Color fawn
Mountain Crest Trails
Traverse Western U. S.
Backpacking exploring expeditions from Canada to Mexico are possible during proper seasons over the Pacific Crest Trail system, according to information given by Clinton C. Clarke, of the Pacific Crest Trail I System conference.
Traversing five national parks, 19 national forests, and crossing 10 main highways at their summit passes, the Pacific Crest Trail system furnishes a continuous route of 2,300 miles of trails through Washington, Oregon and California from border to border. The trails are located just beneath the summit crests of the great mountain walls of the Cascade range in Washington and Oregon and the Sierra Nevada in California. The Cascade Crest trail, 440 miles in length, runs from Canada south to Stevens pass, Mount Rainier and the Columbia river.
The Oregon Skyline trail, 410 miles j long, reaches from the Washington | line to McKenzie pass, Crater lake j and the state line between Oregon i and California. Three hundred and thirty miles of the California system i are included in the Lava Crest trail reaching from Oregon to Yuba gap j by way of Mount Lassert. Central j California contains three trails: the j i Tahoe-Yosemite, John Muir, and I Sierra trails, totaling 605 miles and | covering Yuba gap to Lake Tahoe, Lake Tahoe to Tuolumne meadows, Tuolumne meadows to Mount Whitney and Mount Whitney to Te-hachapi pass. The Desert Crest trail covers 430 miles in its course from Tehachapi pass to Mexico via Soledad canyon, Cajon pass, and Mount San Jacinto.
The Desert Crest trail, according to Mr. Clarke, will afford opportunities to those who are physically able and sufficiently skilled to enjoy mountain climbing and life on the open trail by tiie backpacking method during the winter season when the rest of the Pacific Crest is blocked by snow.
Describing the Desert Crest trail, Clarke stated, “A pathway of wide horizons ar.d a great variety of mountain scenery, the trail traverses a semi-tropical region along the summit ridges rising above the desert country
“Although there are fine camps with good water and stone fireplaces at approximately 15 mile intervals across the desert,** Clarke declared, “there is no pasture or green feed for animals



i
*
Bristol United Church Rev. C. A r m st ro no - S a l f s B, D Sunday, October 13
A

From 19c to 25c
//
FI

(
her death a few hours later.
A man attempted to sleep and smoke at the same time—result, he set the bed afire, was overcome with smoke, and removed in an unconscious state. Only the timely arrival of the fire department saved him from being cremated alive.
Childrens Fine Silk and Wool Mixture Hose.
Sizes 6 to 10. From
10.00
11.00

t
2.00
!

3.0o
i.
25c to 35c
Sunday School Service at
10.30

7.30
Some grown-ups placed strike anywhere matches on a kitchen table. Two small children acted upon the implied suggestion and carried some to their playhouse, innocently started a tire.
Result, little boy burned fatally.
Do you always think about the safety ailanthus and welfare of those about you when you discard your match and cigarette stub? Are you mindful of the safety of the children in your home to the extent of providing safety matches, and keeping them out of their reach
have proper respect for the dangerous April, 1896, Fennell, then 22 years
old, was named postmaster of Salina, after having served for a time as assistant postmaster. Since HI Dr. Charles J. Wehr of Bellevue, then, despite frequent changes in 0 j Ohio, paid the college tuition of his administration, he has been reH ! two sons with butterflies, which he 1 appointed every four years. Fen-0 had collected for more than 30 nell has served under eight Presi-H years.	dents—McKinley, Theodore Roose-
0 He supplied Findlay college with a 1 velt, Taft, Wilson, Harding, Coo-2 collection of the insects for its biolo- lidge, Hoover and Franklin D. H gy department to pay the tuition of Roosevelt. He recently was grant-éj his eldest son
“That Feen.ed like a good idea,” dent Roosevelt. When Fennell first fcj* Dr. Wehr said, “so when my next took up his duties as postmaster, 0 ; son was ready for college. I sent a there were only about 300 persons 9 similar, but mere complete, collec- in the community. Today, he and 0 tion to Adelbert college of Western an assistant, Miss Dorothy Stewart, S Reserve university in Cleveland— have to look after mail for 1,200 9 my alma mater. ’
H Dr. Wehr began his collection of 0 butterflies — which
Sermon Subject : “The Brimming Cup”
We have few lines of discontinued garments in odd sizes only at a special bargain if your size is here.
Mens Heavy Fleece Lined Combinations All Sizes
Boys Pullover School Sweater. All Colours.
Sizes 28 to 34. Specially priced
j
ANGLICAN
Sunday, October 13 St Paul’s
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
111.01) ill ill—Morning Prayer 7.30 p in.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m.— Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s Service Withdrawn

\ $1.35

Record Postmaster Term
James Fennell of Salina, Pa., still holds the job given him by Presi-Do you dent McKinley 44 )ears ago
• • M
• • •
In
I
$1.00
properties of gasoline and always handle it with care ?

Boys Navy, Black and Fancy Windbreakers, With zipper Sizes 26 to 36
$2.25


Mens Cotton Mixture Socks in attractive designs, sizes 10 to 11 £	19c
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, October 6,
North Onslow, Holy Commuion 10.30 Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 2.30 Charter!*, Evening Prayer 7.00

ks
ed a recess appointment by Presi-
(32

Mens Fancy Wool Mixture Socks 25c to 39c



••
*
Mens Wool Work Socks
Dark Urey..

residents
Wilson’s Garage
8
35c
now numbers more than 10,000—when he was put i in charge of a summer camp while still a medical student.
“Among the campers were many according to Dr. William Wistar high school students who had been Comfort, retiring president of instructed by their biology teachers Haverford college at Haverford, to collect and mount specimens of (Fa.) college and foe of “factory” any insects they could find,” Dr. education. “Four hundred students Wehr said. “I became so interested can get to know each other and live that I decided to start a collection together more or less harmonious-of my own. That was in the sum- ly,” Dr. Comfort insisted. “But a mer of 1900—and I'm still at it, and school of 4,000 is almost inevitably a
factory, with all the interplay of per-Dr. Wehr’s collection includes sonalities lost.” Contending that the
nation has taken on such a big job of education that it has eliminated the friends all over the World if his col- personal relationship between student and teacher, Dr. Comfort pointed out, “you can only educate one person at a time."
‘Factory* Education
The maximum desirable enrollment for any college is 400 students,
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
Womens Fancy House Slippers, in velvets, E
gabardine and felts	*
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Growing Girls Oxfords in black leather, rust
suede, etc.
i
Ford Service
From $1.98 to $2.25

Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Moodies Quality Underwear with short
sleeves and no sleeves
smill, medium, large and oversize 593 to 53 j

as interested as ever.”
J. P. Wilson
i »
specimens from all over the world. “A butterfly collector must have

Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40

lection is to be complete,” he said. “The Philippine section of my collection was contributed by my nephews in the Philippines.
Frederick Springer,
Ladies Silk and Wool
Bloomers, Moodie Quai- g I	Æ^uh. $?y%
ity, small, medium, large, and oversize 50c to 59c
• #
t t
%
an artist



/
cian a large Cuban collection when he visited him recently.
“Naturally the most beautiful specimens come from the tropics,” Dr. Wehr said. “I went to Florida two years ago and came back with more than 1,000 beautiful moths.

Women Shop for Sick
As Worth-While 'Hobby'
Her generous gesture four years ago became an unpaid, full-time job for Mrs. Harold Kinsley, 50-year-old mother of four boys, when she offered to shop for patients in the tuberculosis unit of the Ann Arbor, Mich., University hospital.
Now, twice each week, she buys merchandise from downtown store.* for 40 patients and some of the staff, while a volunteer helper, Mrs. M Wheeler, 53, mother of two daughters, shop.* for 50 patients in another ward
Both women admit they like to shop, even though it interferes with household work men are easier to shop for, because they know what they want, where to get it, and aie better satisfied But, admitting the v, omen patients have whims about their purchases, they say women aie giand, too. in their appréciatif n
//.
ESTABLISHED 1883
h
INVALID
White Swan Wheat Flakes, 5 lbs
Three pounds Soap Chips .........
l>lue Ribbon Coffee. Class Jar.... Fresh Ground Coffee, perjfpound. Giant Size Bottle Pickles .
Old English Liquid Wax. Five-String Broom..........
25c
25c
GEORGE HYNES & SON
55c
Fish Sleep, Don't Hear
The questions “Can fish hear?”
are often

4
t
3
39c
ci itnisl Eeivice
I:: (Gc
2
• C
and “Do fish sleep asked, says Maj. George Cornwallis-West, ardent angler in his fishy book, “Edwardians Go Fishing.”
“I am convinced that they do sl^ep,” the major declares. “After all, why should not a fish require rest as much as any other creature which has to expend energy on seeking its food?”
On the other hand : “A fish cannot hear,” he reports decisively. “Obviously ears are given to animals primarily to assist them to communicate with each other, and as fish make no sound, Nature has seen no reason to give them facilities to listen to conversations which don’t take place
The oldest fishing club in the world—unless you know one older— is the Fish club “inaugurated in 1730, on the Schuylkill, a tributary of the Delaware river, near Phila-’ I delphia, under the Hon. Thomas Stretch,” to quote Major Cornwallis-West.	'
9"
• &
25c
• • • • •
• • •
• • • •
• • • •
49c
Shawville, Que.
W
35c
Phone 83
B
Both agree that
52525252525252525E5?525E525252S25252E2!
MacLean’s
* 4
9 t
RED & WHITE STORE
rri^zimrrpriTrFm^ir:


I 0
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I •
f"
Electron Experiments
Are Useful in Physics
The experimental demonstration of the wave nature of electrons in 1928 was a matter of far-reaching importance in modern physics. Unlike so many of the developments or discoveries in physics, however, the possibility of using this discovery as a practical research tool was realized almost immediately. The similarity between electro*, ' and X-ray diffraction suggested that electrons might be as useful as X-reys in studying crystalline solids.
Since* 19bU electron diffraction methods have been applied to a wide variety of problems by investigators in this country, Europe and Japan, writes H. R. Nelson in the Journal of Applied Physics. Of the several hundreds of papers which have appeared during this period, nearly half have treated rather fundamental if not altogether practical problems of metallurgical interest. Most of this work has been done in university laboratories often, however, with the assistance and co-qperation of interested metallurgists' At present there are at least three metallurgical laboratories in this country in which electron diffraction is in continual use as a research tool
!
Cemetery Donations
Break Up That
Mr. John K.TMcDowell,’"Secretary -Treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery
knowledges with thinks thejfollowirg donations :
Mrs. Harry Millar, Ottawa W. E. N.JHodgins,
Rolled Wheat, 5 lbs. package Rolled Oats, per lb.......
25c
5c
a
Cold With
Wheatena, per lb..................
Walker’s Salted Sodas, I lb. package . Macaroni,
5c
“Some years ago I found myself Philadelphia,”
major. “By courtesy of the members I was able to look through r Dr. D. J. Campbell, Secretary of the I 5ome of the oId records, which I Village Cemetery .lesirea to acknowledge f°undrmuost ,e"tertf	In 1832’
1 heodore fHodgins.......... $2	00	toasts drunk, including one to the
i Dr. McGuire................  3	00	memory of Izaak Walton, and anoth-
1 Claude E. Shaw ............. 5	qq	er to the ladies, “the Fair—that
when angling for hearts may their hooks ever be baited with modesty and good nature.”
Gentlemen—a bumper!
$2.001
2.00 I in
12c
• •
reminisces the
Ottawa
ACETOPHLN
TABLETS
per lb
6 c
12c
Tapioca,
Sago,
Broken Rice Blue Rose Rice,
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar Maple Butter, large tin
Sandwich Spread, per jar..........
National Soap Chips, large package Cassia Buds, Whole Allspice, Celery Seed,
Curry Powder and Tumeric, per pkg .....
C M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package
I I
I S
12c
I «
« •
6c
i «
I 4
Three Sizes
8c
4 4
I 4
•1
25c
• •
Costs less than one cent a tablet
25c
25c
Farms For Sale or Rent
25c
Pulpwood Wanted
Three good farms for sale or rent fairly good buildings, lots of water or each place, light and heavy land miles from Quyon, good gravel road close to school and church ; also good mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to
MR P. J. DOLAN,
R. R. No. 3, Quyon, Que.
5c
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or (\ P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
THE CORNER STORE
SIX
5c
4
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
4 •
10c
4 4
4 I
4 4
• #
• • • •
Phone 76
###PAGE###6###
able for export,” Mr. Gardiner
statement.
grading of hogs has effect on a voluntary
Num-
-t 5 '
tinued
said in n
Carcass been in
basil for about six/ea"-.	...
ber of hogs so graded under this
voluntary system has progressively increased until it c stands at 62.6 per cent, of all hogs graded to date this year.
Farm Notes ..
Once Franco’s Prisoner, “Whitey” Dahl With R.C.A.F.
WAS ON VOLUNTARY BASIS “The progressive and anticipated increase in hog marketings
ïrîo %hr%W%ingdom
make it necessary for a much higher percentage to be suit-
1

SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Testing Soils After Harvest

I


>
Shortly after the crop haa been removed is the most suitable time to take soil samples. Bacterial life chemical activity in the soil still at their best, juat aa they when the growing crop was its greatest demands on plant food, says G. R. Snyder,
___ Canadian Soil Chemist.
samples taken at this time the fertility condition of the
m
and his gospel.—
1-5; 16: 9-15?
I
LUKE
« Timothy 4:1»
. that.
and
By William Ferguson
i This Curious World '
are
K
were making
,

\

the
»
GOLDEN TEXT*
tho^miflhtest know the certainty concerning the things wherein thou
•sisss “«.il™»,
Time-Luke wrote hto Goapel sometime between 63 and 68 A.U., and the book of Acts not long alter death of the apostle Paul, probably about 68 A.D. The events de-
52 or 53 A.D.; the epistle to the Coloss ians and the Second Epistle to Timothy were written during Paul’s imprisonment in Rome, between 61 and 65 A.D. The place where Luke wrote the third Gospel and the book of Acts we do not know. The events recorded in the first chapter of Luke took place in Jerusalem, in Nazareth, and in the hill country of Judea. The city of Philippi was in the northeastern part of Macedonia. Paul wrote Col-ossians and the Second Epistle to Timothy from the city of Rome.
The purpose of this lesson is to give us an opportunity for studying St Luke and his writings. The name Luke or Lucas is a shortened form of Lucanus. Both the name and profession of Luke prove him to have been a Gentile — most of the doctors at this period were either Greeks who had been slaves, or sons of freedom. Luke was probably the son of a freed slave. Luke originally a heathen.
He Investigated Accurately The first four verses of the chapter give us a lively picture of the universal interest felt by __	church in the story of
the Lord Jesus. Apostles were constantly telling what they had seeu and heard,’ circulating their mess-amongst believers. 1. Foras-
have taken in hand narrative concerning

r |fs| WALXINÔ'
‘ )CW£:
THE AVERASrGl PERSON v
well-known
Soil show
soil (luring the growing season, and the test will indicate which link or links in the fertility chain —organic matter, lime, nitrogen, phosphate, potash, calcium, sulphur, magnesium, etc.—are being depleted most rapidly.
Crops lodge easily, mature late
and unevenly when the nitrogen supply is out of balance with the mineral plant foods. New seeding# of grass and clover fall when the soil Is strongly acid in reaction or exceptionally low in phosphate and potash. Potatoes scab badly in soils high in lime. Pastures and meadows thin out and become weedy when there is a lack of Lime, organic matter or mineral plant food. Livestock develop mineral deficiency diseases when the feed they
is low in phosphorus and

S'


/
¥

urn



RAISES EACH/


( ' 'OF HIS


A DISTANCE^.-'
totaling / AJ-t eight of

the


?

X
1
*
1
$
a
k
HP
iSiSSxea
V
%
<
StrmRms
RC/ FROM ENGLAND TO AFF2JCA...
OVER. /.OOO A1U.ES.
COM. If* 1Y NIA fEBVKC. INC-	—
Irritable Parents Harm Children
prisonment. and comforted him in his labors. He was the apostles faithful companion during the last scenes of his life. Scripture tells us no more about Luke; but tin ditions, uncertain and untrustworthy, have completed the stor of his life. He is said to have preached the gospel in Italy, in Macedonia, and in Gaul; to have lived on to an advanced age, and to have died a martyr. Luke was the first scientific physician who laid his skill at the feet of Jesus. Thousands have followed in his steps, and, like Luke, have taken with them into the sick-
M
consume
calcium.
Learn State of Fertility
A soil test gives the farmer deinformation concerning the supply and state of fertility fields, thus permitting him the manurlal and ferttl*
x
They May Cause Emotional Havoc In Sensitive Child
finite
lime
of his
to adjust ity practices according to the crop
requirements.
The procedure fields depends somewhat on the problem being studied. If the field fairly uniform, all that is necessary is to take a small shovelful of soil to plow depth from eight to ten différant paces, mix them thoroughly and send in a cupful or half pint of the mixed soil. With
rolling land, the high land should
from the
RAIM
RETURNS about
£T LBS. cfN/TROGEN,
I
Irritable or excitable parents or teachers may cause emotional havoc in a sensitive child, according Carl W.
-
:
g ANNUALLY, TO EACH
' ACRE of land.
Aretz. District Philadelphia
for sampling
Bk
to Dr.
Superintendent of schools.
Speaking before the Child Research Clinic of the Woods Schools at nearby Langhorne, Dr. Aretz said that divorce, crowded conditions in large cities, and women in commerce, industry and politics had made “today’s home different from the home of our childhood.”
the nature of the
(
SM

m
K
1s
Christ

f—
was
- \
jsrtSaass sas su*	—
this plant to furnish food for the caterpillars.
NEXT: What state passed a law prohibiting camel» from run* hing at large?
room.	„ ,
In his epistle to the Colossians
(4; 14) Paul writes: “Luke the beloved physician, and Demas salute Again in 2 Tim. 4: 11a:	Only
Luke is with me.”
-/2
the thistle, one of
?the
evident the early

be sampled separately low. In the case of problem areas, a sample representative of the poor spots and another of the productive areas nearby should be P vo-
you
“Whatever
home life of tomorrow may be. he said, “it is fraught with seri* difficulties in the form of emotional disturbances and presents a gigantic problem in mental hygiene.”

Justice
OUS
ages much as many
cured.
Information concerning previous cropping practices, condition of crops and crops to be grown for the next two or three years should be provided in a covering letter.
Samples submitted to the soil testing laboratory in the fall can he given a more thorough checkup than is possible during the rush period of spring, and the sender • is sure of receiving the report in time to make use of it in planning next year's cropping programme.
Impartiality is the life of justice, as justice is of all good government.	-Justinian.
Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society; and any departure from it, under any circumstance, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all.
—Burke.
ROMAN RULER
to draw up a
those matters which have been filled among us. This verse might he paraphrased “concerning those things which have become widely known among us Christians.” 2. Ev-they delivered them unto us, who from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the word. Luke was a secondary, not
a primary, witness of the event.
to both written
ful-
1

C
8	Spruce.
9	Sun deity.
10	Steeling processes.
11	To yearn.
12	Senior.
15 Transposed»
18	Despicable.
19	Optical glass.
21	He was or slain.
22	Snared.
24	Established.
25	He was a dictatorial 	ruler.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
Censors of Singapore Know 41 Languages
horizontal
1 Pictured Roman emperor, Julius
PJ
f

7
en as
i

Postal censors in Singapore work In 41 languages—22 European and
19 Asiatic.
The languages of the Far East most widely represented among the staff which censors correspondence from the cosmopoliton community of Malaya. Those most used Malay, Chinese, Japanese, Jav-languages of the Philippines

mis

6 He was also a great military


justice delayed, is justice denied.
—Gladstone.
Justice and truth make man free,
' enslave him.
. -t-Mary Baker Eddy.
God gives manhood but one clue to success, utter and exact justice, that, he guarantees, shall be always expediency.	—Wendell Phillips.

But he had access and oval sources. 3. It seemed good to me also, having traced the course of all thing» accurately from the first. Accurate writing can only follow accurate Investigation and research. Luke has sifted the evidence he found, and has given ua the wheat, not the chaff. To write
“Order” may
(pL).
13	Measure.
14	Public storehouse.
16	Acidity.
17	Subsists.
18	Warlike.
20	Into.
21	Tangled closely.
23 Springless wagon.
26	Constellation.
27	Butter lump. 43 Sand hill.
29	Neither.
30	He brought Gaul under 	 rule.
are
m
m
Bigger Stores Doing Better
injustice and error
is
are

til*
urns
anese. and Arabic.

Indian dialects created special problems for
56 Series of epical events
58	He was a of history.
59	Marriage portion.
The numerous
38	Money changing.
39	Member of a priest’s college
41 Adventure.
Increased income at home, together with virtual elimination of shopping in the United abroad, resulted in a 25
27 Pole.
1 28 Strong taste. . 31 Hawaiian b * 34 Musical note.
36	Buzzard.
37	Southeast.
40 Incapable.
42 Departed by
boat.
46 Heath.
49 To ascend.
have the censors.
unto thee in order, mean "rational order", omitting nothing that ia essential for full and proper understanding. Some experts think that Luke aimed at chronological order, on the whole attaining it. Most excellent Theo-philus. This man is mentioned only twict in the New Testament. From
that Luke speaks of his
tourist States or
--- cent increase in Canadian department store sales in August over August, 1939, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports. Every province shared in the Increase.
Sales were 14 per cent above July, 1940. On making adjustments number of business days and normal seasonal variances, August purchases were 23 per cent higher than a year ago and two per cent higher than in July. The unadjusted Index (on the base 1930 equals 100) stood at 76.7 for August, 61.3 for August, 1939, and 67.1 for
July. 1940.
per
RADIO REPORTER
VERTICAL
1	Company.
2	Opera tune.
3	Impressed deeply.
4	South Africa.. 51 Three.
5	To peruse.
44	Copper.
45	Printer s measure.
47	Father.
48	Idant.
49	Right.
50	Period.
By DAVE ROBBINS
32	Turkish commander.
33	Drives off.
35 Gem cutting 52 Common verb. 6 Use of gates.
7 Roof decoration.
the way
friend U	life.
Historical Foundation
4 That thou mightest know the certainty. Luke is determined that Theophllus shall know that the faith which he has embraced has an Impregnate historical foundation. Some religions can be independent of historical fact, and move entirely upon the plane of timeless truth. Christianity cannot. It rests upon the affirmation that a senes of events happened in which God revealed himself In action for the salvation of men. The Gospels profess to tell us what happened. Concerning the things wherein thou vast instructed. The world here translated "instructed" is the one which we derive our word
in his neighbor’s back. And that’s a lot of listeners on any program.
for
g&r
53 Opposite cf high.
55 Preposition. 57 Italian river.
AROUND THE DIAL
others forced to leave
for
a man
Among _	e . .
England, temporarily at least because of Hitler’s habit of dropping bombs and other unpleasant things the place, are A1 and Bob
53	Falsehood.
54	Verbal.
cup.
36 Valleys.
THE FUTURE IN RADIO
The other day we spent some time absorbing some technical radio knowledge as we watched Marconi engineers installing the new CHOC transmitter — and they gave us an 1 interesting piece of news. They say that within four frequency modulation will be
and that means
K) II
1
2
r
all over Harvey.
A1 and Bob are a pair of Can-entertainers who went to
c
r
adlan
England some years ago and were immediately “accepted" by the British public. They rose to become one of England’s most popular vaudeville and music hall team, and were well on their way up the ladder before the Blitz. Back in Canada now, A1 and Bob are now heard in a series of programs on the CBC chain, broadcasting Tuesday evenings at 8.30.
0
Hog Grading Plan Changed
i
4
23
years
in general use — the scrapping of all broadcasting equipment and home receiving sets as they are today. But on the other hand frequency modulation will bring “absolutely true" broadcasting — without distortion or any fades — and with no less of^vocal
or musical quality.
What a step forward that will be
29

!6
E
A
3
Carcass Basis of Judgment as From September 30, Ottawa States
8
I
9
In order to insure more hogs of suitable quality for export to
carcasse
grading of hogs is now the official method of grading throughout Canada, Agriculture Minister Gardiner has announced. This became effective Sept. 30.
The present hog grading regulations, which provide for live-grading of hogs and have been in effect since 1922.
from “catechism."
Luke’s Gospel is the longest of all the four Gospels. If we think of the whole course of Christian In the Gospel and in Acts, work is chronological. The fig-drawn with lifelike power.
will like a feature - WHAM each morning at 9.15 titled Ladies Only. It’s all about this and that in the feminine world. Smartly styled and smoothly pac-
the United Kingdom,
The women
/
on
to radio!
46
w
Bill Tuttle, director of the ‘ Big Sister" show, recently advertised for some household help. "I understand," said an announcer pal, "that you’re looking for a new maid! “Yes," explained Bill, “the last one handled China like Japan!”

history
2
I
the
ed.
uree are _ and the greatest drama of human
history is set forth with supreme literary skill The book is a scholar’s attempt to picture and to in-tbe life of Christ for the

It has been estimated that 48,000,000 people listened to President Roosevelt’s famous speech when he used Mussolini of sticking a dag-
9
#
are re-
acc
terpret —	_
-world at large. Luke’s other work,
Ttu. Book of Acts, begins with a
condensed
By J. MILLAR WATT
Forewarned
POP
prologue which gives a
of the conclusion of our earth as recorded In
summary Lord's life on the Gospel. Acts 1: 1. The former
treatise I made, O Tbeophilus. concerning all that Jesus began both
to do and to teach.
Paul’s Companion When the Apostle Paul was in Galatia, he had been hindered from preaching the word in Asia, hinder-ft by a severe sickness, and it was Immediately after this illness that Luke, the beloved physician, be-hie companion. He went with Troaa into Macedonia
LET ME CATCH .YOU „ '	FIDDLING	\
WITH MV	J
GUNS 1	'	/SB
- WELL, DONT YOU
r ««saassa
IN SCHOOL NOW,
>r>v POP !
TRIGGER NOMETRY,
»
u
EM :
i;

^ 4


ii
v


I
*
z
came
Paul from ¦¦ Mi . sad finally on to Philippi, where
they abode some time. He was Paul’s companion at Miletus, Tyre, fleocfiresi and Jerusalem. He wss with him In hi» journey to Rome; k* vm near him In his first im
V

Î2-P

IMS. hr The
M'onrright


###PAGE###7###
Are Harvesting Peppermint Oil
War's Blight Could Not Touch Him
How Con I?
A
4

!
BY ANNE ASHLEY

The mint harvest Is on, and four farmers are busy distilling tbeh* ttkore crop of peppermint.
Fred Malloy, Fred Donald, George Jamieson and Arnold Harris are the farmers engaged In the unique harvest. With the exception of a email still which Is in operation just north of Stratford, these men believe that they’re the only people In Canada who are distilling peppermint oil on a commercial basis.
Their rich deep soil Is as well adapted to the growing of peppermint as it is to the growth of some of the finest celery grown in this province.
Peppermint oil, according to Mr. Malloy is worth $2 a pound at the moment and some 12,000 pounds are imported into this country by wholesale drug and pharmaceutical hous-Most of it comes from the United States and England. They distill about 18 pounds of oil from a ton of peppermint leaves. Peppermint is cut in the same way as hay, and left to wilt in the field for a short time. It is then put Into the still and distilled under steam pressure.
!
Q. How can I make a hole in glass?
A. First cover the area where the hole is to be with putty, mak-the hole the size desired in Then pour into this
S
.tir
Ml
mg
\
the putty hole a little melted lead and if the glass is not exceptionally thick, a perfect hole will result.
Q. How can I make ordinary
fabric waterproof?
A. To make ordinary fabric waterproof, dissolve equal parts of isinglass, alum, and soap separately in water. Then mix the three, and brush the mixture on the wrong side of the cloth.
Q. How can I clean medicine
droppers?
A. Medicine droppers may be cleaned effectively with pipe
3
V
b


wiP
m
fl
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
t
i
4
û
companied by wheezing. It may be mistaken for croup. The attacks usually begin between one and five o'clock In the morning and may last from a few minutes to a few hours.

HEALTH
TOPICS

ee
cleaners.
Q. How can I stone raisins?
A. Pour hot water over the
Treatment
Before attempting treatment, it must be determined what protein the patient is sensitive to. A series of light scratches is made on the surface of the skin without piercing the true skin. On those scratches extracts of pollen, animal dandruff, foods or dusts etc., are placed. If a hive or reddened area is produced by one or more of the extracts used It is a sign that the person is sensitive to that particular product. Having discovered the
causes, the next step is
A
and allow it to remain
Drain, between
raisins
for five or ten minutes and rub each raisin thumb and finger until the seeds come out clean. Dry before us-and if using for cake, rub
ASTHMA
Like hay fever, asthma U not caused by the pollen of plants conveyed by bees or other insects. It Is caused In some cases by wind-borne pollen. Inherited sensitivity, in hay fever, is at the bottom of it, writes Dr. John W. S. McCullough of the Health League of Canada.
m
mg,	.
them in flour to prevent their sinking to the bottom.
Q. How can I regulate
there?”
. A. Gathers can be regulated by lengthening the stitch on the
machine and loosening
Outside his ruined home, this young Londoner plays with his tiny trains and dog dolls, blissfully ignorant of the tragedy that is all about him. The empire may be fighting for its life, London may be battered, and death may be raining from the skies, but he is happy, his toys aped the bombs.	•
t
What Science! Is Doing
ga-
Many Office Safes
Are Not Fire-proof
Causes
The wind borne pollen of plants. Foods, food dusts, face powders, animal dusts and dandruff and
especial 1 those from
sewing the tension along the edge to be gathered, one-fourth of an inch apart. Draw up the two under threads, regulating the gathers with the free hand.
i
cause ori—— to desensitize by injecting a small quantity of the offending agent or agents. If due to pollen, the desen-si tizat Ion must be carried out 2 or 3 months before the time of pollen* ization. In case of foods, dandruff, feathers etc., the offending agent must be avoided. In cases accompanied by chronic bronchitis, desensitization will not avail for these are due to bacterial Infection
Stitch two rows
• HAVE ¦ YOU HEARD?
CURE OF DIABETES
Dr. Elliott P. Joslin of Harvard University Medical School cited last week an as yet unpublished discovery that diabetes can be both cured and prevented in animals, and said the world “can look forward to the day when the same results can be achieved for humans.”
The discovery, he said, covers a program of research by Dr. Charles Best of Toronto and his associates, the results of which are to be published for the first time Oct. 15tli.
The words “fireproof safe” should imply security. Under this title it has become common practice to market many types of safes, both new and second-hand, all supposedly giving fire protection. But surveys show that about 40% of safes tested by fire fail. This is logical when we investigate many of the receptacles sold under the name “flroproof.”
In some of these safes we find the walls are only an inch thick, whereas in a proper, full-strength safe, it should be approximately six inches. Then we find all types of insulation, some merely consisting of an air space. Large institutions with branches, having fire experience, know the unreliability of many so-called “safes." Though more able to take losses, they do not take chances. The wise firm does not trifle in making certain he /eally has reliable protection.
feathers
ducks, turkeys, chickens and geese. People whose asthma is due to feathers usually show attacks of asthma early In life. This Is be-they have slept on feather
À prizefighter and his girl friend entered a fashionable restaurant and ordered a large
meal
tàe waiter presented the bill. The prizefighter paid, and then suddenly hit the waiter in the
•ye.
Mysterious Rudolph
cause
pillows as infants and have become sensitized to that particular type
When they had finished

cases
of the bronchial tubes
of feather.
Many cases of asthma develop in children who play with cats, dogs, and rabbits.
The dandruff of cattle, horses, sheep and swine is a common cause of asthma. Foods cause about 10% of all asthmatic attacks, but In children the percentage may reach 26 per cent. Many cases of asthma in children are caused by eating foods made from wheat, oats or eggs whose protein content Is high. The use of nuts is a common cause, but fruits and vegetables rarely cause the affection.
There are people who are sensitive to milk.
Sensitiveness to certain foods may manifest itself by eczema and hives in early life, and, later on in their early teens or twenties, the persons develop asthma.
An attack of asthma begins with difficulty In breathing and is ac-
Flies A Plane
To Chase Ducks
Outside the fighter lighted a
cigar
"A fine waiter that chap/' he told his friend. "Gave us perfect service. I expect to dine there again tomorrow.”
"If he's such a fine waiter," ¦he said, "why did you give him that black eye ?"
"I like him for a waiter," ex lalned the fighter. "And when go back there tomorrow I’ll have no trouble picking him out."
Movie Fan: "And so you wrote the scenario to that
IMMUNITY TO COLDS
Capillary ‘massage" — dilating and contracting the capillaries with hot and cold water — and a proper diet may help man win his long struggle for immunity from the common cold, experiments by University of Illinois scientists Indicate.
Earl Larrabee, Chico, Cal., owner of a plane, is putting up a one-man fight for the protection of his father’s rice fields.
Ducks come In great waves one after another in an effort to Invade the rice fields. Larrabee rises magnificently and disperses them. The dispersion lasts for an hour. Then they reform and re-attack. Larrabee rises again and the battle is repeated. Darkness alone saves the ducks —and Larrabee.



When the capillaries are off balance—failing to properly carry nutriment and oxygen from the blood to body tissues and discharge wastes from the tissues to the blood—they are likely to make one a chronic sniffler.
wonderful picture ?"
Author (whose plot has been so altered that it is hardly recognizable):	"No,
I only wrote the knock on the door In the opening
Modern
Etiquette
r

I
# z
NEW ATTACK ON CANCER
A new attack on cancer, trying Vitamin K as a possible preventive, was anonunced last week.
K is the recently discovered vitamin which aids blood to clot. Alfalfa is rich in K. But an inexhaustible new source has been supplied by chemists who synthesized K In five forms.
The cancer prevention experiments are starting at Harvard University.
99
Austria’s patriot and. man of mystery who goes only by the name of Rudolph is shown in New York,** following his escape to the United States. The Nazis have placed a price of $10,000 on his head. Rudolph, who was chief of the Austrian Freedom Station which broadcast anti-Nazi propaganda from France, barely escaped when Germany overran the country.
xl/>
SAFES
The circus strong man rode out on horseback to challenge a farmer whose great strength had Ined him a reputation. He entered the farmyard, tied up his horse and approached the farm-
"Hey,” he said, "I’ve heard a lot about you, and have come a long way to see which* is the better man."
Without answering, the farmer seized the intruder, hurled him over the fence into the road, and returned to his work.
When the loser had recovered bis breath, the farmer growled: "Have you anything more to ¦ay?"
"No," was the reply, "but perhaps you’ll be good enough to throw me my horse."
Traveling Teacher: "What
a quaint village. Truly, one-half of the world Is ignor-t of how the other half lives."
Native: "Not in this village, ma’am. Not in this village !”
A friend called upon a guest at a hotel, knocked, and asked him to open the door.
"Can’t, door’s locked!" the voice within announced.
"Well, unlock It!" the caller requested.
"Can’t; lost the key."
"Great Scott, man! What will you do If there’s a fire?"
"I can’t go!"
BY ROBERTA LEE
»
Protect your BOOKS and CASH from FIRE and THIEVES. We Cabinet, for any purpose. Visit have a else and type of Safe, or or write for prices, etc. to
1.	When a young man takes a girl out to dinners and she knows he doesn’t earn much money, should she be very modest in what she orders?
2.	Should one turn down the corner of a borrowed book to
mark his place?
3.	Can you give a list of about subjects that should be avoided in general conversation?
4.	When sending invitations to a dance, should exactly the same number of meu as girls be
Dept. W
•r
J.ôfJ.TAYLüR LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS

a


146 Front St. E., Toronto Established 1866
SIX
Historic Sites Attract Visitors
...CLASSIFIED ADVEBTISEMENTS
• • I
invited?
5. At a church wedding, on which side of the main isle should be reserved for the brîde’s
MEN WANTED
EARN EXTRA MONEY
AGENTS WANTED
Thousands Pay Visit to Fort Wellington In Ontario This Season
FAMILEX KEEPS 900 DEALERS AT WORK! Our assortment of • over 200 daily necessities, needed in every nome. sells to relatives and established clientele. With or without experience you can succeed If you are honest and a willing worker. Every sale \ of $1.00 brings you profit — who can’t sell for at least $2.00 an hour? This means that you earn about 90c per hour! WITHOUT OBLIGATION write at once to FAMILEX PRODUCTS. 570 St. Clement Street, Montreal.
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN STEADY CASH PROFITS —If you would like interesting, profitable work selling the most popular line of everyday necessities at present, the market, inquire today without obligation:	FAMILEX, 570
St. Clement, Montreal
BOYS, DO YOU WANT TO EARN some extra pocket money and grand prizes? Certainly you do. Rend your name and address to Jack Calder, Curtis Club for Canadian Boys, 172 John St.. Toronto, become a club member, It's great fun. Write for details._____________
pews
family and the groom’s family?
G. Should peas be eaten with the fork or spoon?
Approximately 25,000 persons visited national historic sites in East-Cahada during the four-month period ended July 31, 1940, according to reports of attendance received by the Department of Mines and Resources. Ottawa. The recorded attendance at the museums at five of the larger sites was as
Fort Chambly, Quebec, 6,811; Fort Wellington, Ontario, 4,769; Fort Bcausejour, New Brunswick, 3,809; Louisbourg Fortress, Nova Scotia, 3,082, and Fort Anne, Nova Scotia, 2,543.
Although a comparatively young country, Canada has a rich historical background, and more than three hundred historic sites which have been judged to be of sufficient national importance to warrant their being marked and maintained. These Include: Indian earthwork, forts, and villages; French forts, trading posts and mission enterprises; sites connected with British exploration and naval and military operations in the long struggle for the possession of Canada; posts of the Hudson’s Bay Company; and sites related to the economic and industrial development of the Dominion.
on
An
1. Yes, but she shouldn’t overdo it. The young man would not have invited her if he didn’t have the money, and if she ordered merely a sandwich and coffee, he would resent it. 2. Never; nor should he do so in any book. It is just as easy to use a piece of Or a good way is to use
ern
4 AH* NEW AND USED
JERSEY BILLS
THREE CLASS A, SERVICEABLE age. Several younger also. R.O.P. cows and heifers for cash of exchange lumber or cordwood. Max-welton Farm, St. Anne de Bellevue.	____________
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler. Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge St., 1660 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.
POULTRY AND EGGS
WANTED—EGGS AND POULTRY graded or ungraded. Write for information. Canadian Provision & Supply Co., Commission Dealers, 109 Front Street East, Toronto.
follows
TIRES WANTED
PRINTING
paper
a rubber band, placing it around the pages read. 3. Yes. six topics that should be avoided are ac-
disease, death, dress,
ATTENTION HOUSEWIVES— Know your Preserves and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c. 500 Labels 25c postpaid. Lewis Printing, Station H, Toronto. Canada.
WANTED FOR CASH SMOOTH TIRES MUST BE SOUND PASSENGER OR TRUCK HIGHEST PRICES PAID WE PAY THE FREIGHT TRUTH ED (CANADA) LIMITED 488*4 Yonge St.. Toronto
PULLETS - CHICKS
WANT O C T O B E R-NOVEMBER Chicks? Please order now. Have limited quantity ready-to-lay Pullets. Write for list of Daily Specials and Fall Service Bulletin.— Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton, Ont. ______________________
cidents,
money, and, personal domestic affairs. 4. It is wiser to invite a
Then all the
DETECTIVES
AMBITIOUS MEN SEVENTEEN and over wanted immediately for secret-service and detective work. Complete training course by correspondence. Free Information, write to C. M. Julien, Box 25, Station T, Montreal.	___________
PORTABLE SILOS
few more men girls are insured partners. 5. The left side for the bride’s family, the right side for the groom’s. 6. The fork should be used.
GET THE MOST FEED VALUE OUT of your corn this season by storing It in a Keenan Portable Silo, will keep your ensilage In perfect condition at only a fraction of the cost of a permanent silo. Sold In sizes of 1Ô feet, 14 feet and 16 feet diameter. Includes everything
for erection. The cost Write for prices. The
Owen Sound,
TIRE* WEARING SMOOTH?
IF STILL SOUND HAVE THEM TRUTREDEDI COSTS ONLY A FRACTION OF PRICE OF NEW TIRES. NEW TIRE GUARANTEE. WRITE FOR FOLDER & PRICES OR DRIVE IN WHEN NEXT IN TORONTO AND SEE TRUTREDS
MADE.
TRUTRED (CANADA) LIMITED 488% Yonge St., Toronto
At the Tower Clock ____Just North of College St.
Don’t Shop When You’re Feeling Low
FARM FOR SALE
HUNDRED ACRES WORKABLE, seventy, fair buildings, well rolling. close to village. Cash, twelve hundred.—Muryn. Pontypool.
Grow More Flax
In North Ireland
necessary Is small.
Keenan Fence Co Ontario. __________
HUNDRED ACRES: THREE MILES from Picton, good locality, good soil, good buildings.—Irvin Unger, Picton. Ont., Route 2.______________
Never buy a dress that seems a Mt too tight wlfh the thought, "I’ll lose a few pounds before I wear it.” Either lose the weight before you go shopping or else buy a drees which fits perfectly at the time, planning to have it taken in a little later on.
Correct whatever posture defects you have before you ask a saleswoman to show you a thing. Loarn lo stand tall with stomach flat, chest high and back straight.
Don't go shopping on a morning when you feel your worst, and look It. Have your hair done and put bn fresh makeup before you start. And try to remember that shopping Is fun for the good-natured custom ®r, but a horrible ordeal for the tad-tempered one.
USED TIRES FOR SALE
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL SIZES Lowest prices. Inquiries invited Brockton Tire, 1611 Dundas West Toronto.	____________
Northern Ireland has move than doubled its flax crop. The 1940 crop covers 45,000 acres and next year this figure should be substantially Increased, It is officially stated.
Production has been made cheaper by the Introduction of pulling machines, of which 70 have been ordered by the government.
FARMS W ANTED
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
BUYER IF OFFERED TEN THOU8-and farms might choose yours first. No charge for listing. Describe fully, name price and lot number. Dominion. Farm Agency, Toronto 3. Ontario.
PHOTO FINISHING
New
Used
FREE! You Can Now Own
SPECTAL1ZIN4J IN REBUILT MO-HOW KR-UNITS. Hydraulic , WInohe*
Magneto*,
^MIDDLE-AGE)
WOMEN
TORS.
H o I ¦ I ¦
Starter*,
Radi a lor*
Glae* —	-
Levy Auto Parle. Depl. I
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International
Generator*, Carburetor*, Service,
Satisfaction or refund.
Toronto.
1.0. BOXES
__] Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films Imperial Photo Service. Station J. Toronto.
) POSTMASTERS, FOR SALE $1.00 each — small combination Boxes.
Postmaster, Powell River,

HEED IH IS ADVICE 11
Thousands of women go smiling thru "trying times" with Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound—famous
for over 60 years in relieving female functional troubles. Try It I
CÂanLeel&i
S/ow Bushing
"It is extraordinary how little Hollywood knows about its own business.”
9
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
m
SUPERTITE STEEL SHEETS LUST less, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia. Ontario.
George Bernard Shaw
CIGARETTE PAPERS
to
NON! FINE REMADE
ISSUE 40—’40
DOUBLE ‘ïLcottiT
###PAGE###8###

%
FOR SALE
Poultry Wanted
Cemetery Memorials
One Spring and Fall Overcoat
One Buffalo Robe
One Buggy and Cutter
aud a number of good books. *
MRS. O. R. HORNER,
Main Street, Shawville, Que
New Fall Suits
Producers having poultry ready for Thanksgiving market, please advise mediately by phone number of birds ready for shipment ; also state what you will have to offer for later ship menu. Eggs may pe required also.
R. W, HODGINS,
mi
Tops in style, fancy shades of greens, browns,
blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
JL
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
2
with two trousers
V
Get Our Prices Before Buying1 Elsewhere
Tractor For Sale
New Fall Hats
12 24 H,P
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
Big League Games Indcors
Huge sports stadia of the future n which major league baseball will play under roofs and with
Hart-Parr Tractor Fully overhauled. New cylinder block
head. Price—$275.00.
Apply to
Ottawa Valley Grain Products,
Renfrew, Ont.
$1.95 to $2.95
Latest Shades and Styles..
*
•earns
indirect lighting, rain cr shine, arc predicted by Robert J. Swackham-
Such stadia
ft
Forsyth Dress Shirts
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
G-E engineer might be built in the next 10 or 15 years, he believes.
Admitting that the idea seems radical, Mr. Swackhamer points out that baseball was scoffed at in the early stages of its development at Lynn, Mass., but now night baseball is being played by 75 per cent of the clubs in organized baseball. Swackhamer, who designed the lighting for the fields of the Cincinnati Reds, Brooklyn Dodgers, and Cleveland Indians, recalled how his proposal of night ball in the majors was ridiculed at one time.
The indirect illumination of such stadia probably would be accomplished by projecting the light, from xmcealed locations below the roof, o the ceiling of the stadium where t would be reflected downward to te playing and seating
$1.65
er
Coloured Stripes and White
• »
• • •
Farm For Sale
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
Æ1
One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm
well fenced, lots of water, fair buildings, | Corrections in Special Prizes 1 j miles East of Shawville, Lot 5 on the 5th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to
Farm For Sale
$2.25
The best shirt on the market
'
two
The following are corrections in special prize list at Shawville Fair published in the issue of Sept. 20.
Barred Rock Male— David McDowell, 1st.	¦
Single General Purpose — B. Beauueu instead of A. K. Smiley.
Team General Purpose—B Beaulieu instead of A. R. Smiley.
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 100 acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and terms apply to	,


McGregor Hose
BEN YOUNG,
Shawville, Que

SOcts.
Specially Priced at..
J. H. HORNER, Sand Bay, Shawville, Que
• •
• • •
Seldom LiVc to The Age of 20 Years
The question as to how old dogs jet comes up frequently Some dogs ive longer than the average and a few breeds are noted for their
ongevity.
In general, while dogs have been reported as living into their 20s, such cases are decidedly unusual. The average dog does well if he lives to be from 12 to 15 years old.
One old-time method for figuring a log’s age was to check the period during which his growth continued and to multiply that by seven to get the age the dog would attain. Such a procedure is not necessarily accurate because many outside factors such as diet will have their effect upon the life of a dog.
A dog is actually approaching old age when he gets to be 10 years old and his exercise and his food should be regulated in accordance with this fact.
Some dogs retain all of their vigor up to almost the end of their lives, but there are others who slow down perceptibly and who grow deaf, lame and generally less physically able.
Care in feeding the right amounts of the correct foods will do the most to keep a dog so that he goes be-ychd the average age. A fat dog is one out of condition, and a dog out of condition is more likely to pick up the various diseases which may strike him low.
Next to feeding and 'probably of equal importance is the proper amount of regular exercise. In fact regularity of all habits will help to give a dog long life. Regular times of exercise and regular lengths of exercise should be the course for any dog, if he is to be healthy.
Little dog ills should be cared for at once lest they grow and sap the dog’s strength should be watched for decay and bad teeth should be extracted.
-ogs
Phone 22 6
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
PREVENT FIRES
y
Farm For Sale
i
These simple suggestions if followed by everyone in the family, will make your home safe from fire.
Put lighted matches and smokes out before you throw them away. Keep matches where small children cannot reach them. Never smoke in the garage, barn, attic nor in bed.
2 Remove rubbish, waste paper and all unnecessary combustible materials.
Provide ash and trash cans. Burn rubbish only in a safely covered brick or Two hundred and fifty acres of land, metal incinerator. Watch the fire. more or less, on the seventh line of Examine all stoves, furnaces and Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. smoke-pipes to make sure they are safe One hundred acres in bush. For further and well away from woodwork or other particulars apply to burnable materials. Have needed re-	EDWARD H. MEE,
pairs made at once.	Shawville, Que
Value the advice of your fire chief who says that many fires are caused by dirty or defective chimneys. Have the chimney cleaned regularly, and have all defects repaired.	General store business for sale: stock
Escape the danger of flammable liquid $4,000.00 to $5,000 00, stores and fix-tires and explosions by keeping no i tures to rent. Molybdenite mine here gasoline in the house. Do dry cleaning full operation with safe liquids or send the work to the cleaner. Never start fires with
Well improved farm all cleared and
I
i
fenced, clay loam, all in hay buildings. Will sell on very easy terms. Apply to
areas
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Ont

Boys Who Hit Sour Notes Should Avoid the Jungle
Music in the African jungle is a serious business, says Dr. Wilfrid , D. Hambly, curator of African ethnology at Chicago’s Field Museum of Natural History.
Certain dark races have punishments that fit the crime of blowing ! sour notes or dropping a beat. The proper technique on the native drums or other musical instruments j is no hit-or-miss affair. The boys who make umoosick” better strike the right note first or else—. Those that don’t get their ears cut off, their mouths slit and the offending hands chopped right off.
Any American jazz band planning an African tour better leave at home that saxophonist who wails off key, or drummer who “fakes sloppy” on the traps.
Where hitting a false note or dropping a beat is such serious business the boys who made good occupy a high social position. But their job isn’t only entertaining the other boys and girls. The jungle drummers send messages to other tribes from 5 to 15 miles away—as the sound flies. If any mistakes are made, there’s no second chance.
Any traveling swing band that could bring home a certain kind of African drum would certainly be a hit. A wooden rod sticks up through the drum head. The player just rubs this protuberance with a well-resined hand, to bring forth wails and groans ear-splitting enough to please the most confirmed “jitterbug.”
DALE’S TINSHOP
Farm For Sale or Rent
t
?
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
6-

Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
General Business For Sale

03
F. A. DAVIS Quyon Que

Now is the time to have your Furnace and 'Pipes checked
over.
kerosene.
Notify the electric company of electrical trouble and the gas company of g s leaks
ones—not pennies wiring jobs, with a match.
Teach everyone in the family to be careful of fire to watch stoves, fireplaces, electric irons and all other possible tire causes, and every day to remove old rags, papers and other rubbish.
Fireproof your home as far as possible by fire safe roofing, fiie stopping in hollow walls and partitions to stop the spread of tianie, and non-combustible basement bailing.
Inquire of your fire chief, when buying a fire extinguisher, to be sure of getting the right kind. Don’t hesitate to ask your firemen whenever you have questions on Fire Prevention.
Remember always where the nearest fire alarm box is and how to Bead an alarm. If telephoning, bo sure the address is clearly understood "" neighbour’s phone rather than one in the burning building.
Explain to everyone in the house what to do in case of fire, how to put out a fire in clothing by wrapping in a rug or blanket, what to do when greese catches fire in the kitchen.
Save life and property from needless destruction by fire by keeping the principles of fire prevention always in mind^nd never taking a chance with
)
)
Total Now of Over 286,000 Uniformed Men
Replace “blown*’ fuses with new
Avoid homemade Don’t look for gas leaks

A Canadian army of 500,000 men on permanent anti non-permanent service is in sight, the latest enlistment figures available at the Department of National Defence indicate. The army now has over 2X0 000 men, at home and abroad. The air force has about
30.000	men enrolled, while the navy has grown to over 10,000 men.
Before the war, there were ar-around 4,400 men in the army, 1,700 in the navy and the air force about 1,500 men.
At the present rate of growth, the military forces will reach the
500.000	mark some time next summer, through operation of the National Resour ses Mobilization Act, Calls sent out under the fact will bring 20,750 men Into nonpermanent active militia training centers Wednesday, and a total of about 240,000 in the next 12 months.
The Canadian Active Service Forces at home and overseas now numbers about 105,000 men on full time service. There are 52,525 over seas. The non permanent active militia after thesummer recruiting drive numbers close to 112,000, of whom 05,000 attended summer training camps.

Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec
(è
1

signed to join the headquarters staff of M.D. 4.
Fou are invited to see the new Gilson Washing Machines at Clifford Cone s, Centre St., Shawville, Que.
The dog’s' teeth
New Ore Testing Method
Saves Cash for Miners
The Clarendon Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs Kenneth Hedging on Wednesday evening, Oct. 10th at 7.30 o’clock. Program—Legislation. Roll call— A Quebec law I would like chang-
The small miner and desert prospector who formerly had to pay as much as $100 a ton for analysis of ore samples now can obtain the same service for as little as $2 50 by use of spectroscopic equipment similar to that installed at the University of Arizona.
Although the newer method costs but a fraction of the former outlay, the results are just as accurate, never varying more than 5 per cent as to quantity content. University engineers say that some elements, hard to isolate by chemical processes, could be identified easily by the use of spectioscope.
The basic principle of the spectro-that each chemical ele-
Virginia Buys Oyster Shells
Oyster shells aggregating 303,500 bushels and costing $8,710 have been purchased by the Virginia commission of fisheries for distribution over the depleted oyster bottoms of tidewater Virginia.
These shells will be moved and planted by the Work Projects administration as part of the state program financed jointly by the WPA and by the commission, through its bushel and gallon tax on oysters.
A large number of the shells will be planted in the Rappahannock river, which is in the most unfavorable condition of any river in the state, from the standpoint of oyster growth, according to commission surveyors.
Vse a
Roosevelt’s Time Clock
Near the front door in the residence part of the White House hangs a board with pegs in it, to check in and out all members of the household. It is described by Drew Pearson and Robert Allen as similar to the board used on ships in the navy, and is the latest navy touch in the household of the man whose friends call him “skipper.” The board has two columns of cards, 24 in all, each card bearing a name. Opposite each name is a peg, which is plugged into the “out” hole or the “in” hole, as the person leaves or arrives.
One feature about the board is that nowhere does it carry the name of the President or Mrs. Roosevelt. Yet there is a card for each—a blank card. Every time the President leaves the house, a peg is moved opposite a certain blank card, known only to aides. The same for Mrs. Roosevelt.
Only if all the rooms are occupied, which does not often happen, are all 24 cards “active.” In the case of Mrs. Roosevelt, the peg stands “out” more often than “in.”
ed.
The. Shawville Women s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Wm. Horstield on Monday night, Oct. 21st. Mrs. W. E. Shaw is convener of the program. Roll call — “School Day Recollections.” Hos tesses—Mesdames Wm. Horstield, Goldwin McDowell, D. J. Campbell, and Neil Drummond.
fire
Statistical Report September, 1940 Community Hospital
Patients from August
Admitted.............
Births...............
In Memoriam
Woods—In loving memory of a dear wife and mother, Mrs. Wm. Woods, who entered in to'rest Oct. 9th, 1939. In our hearts your memory lingers, Always tender found and true, There’s not a day dear mother,
That we do not think of you.
Your end was sudden mother, dear,
You made us weep and cry,
But oh, the sudden part of all,
You never said good-bye.
Sadly missed by
Wm. Woods, and Family.
Canadian Red Cross
Lieut. Col. William Leggat, M.C., prominent Montreal business executive, who won the Military Cross in 1917, following a distinguished career with the Canadian forces overseas during the last Great War has been appointed president of the Quebec Provincial Division of the Canadian Red Cross Society, it was announced recently follow ing a meeting of the board Management.	HIH
Col Legget, who was born at Hamilton, Ont., in 1877, was educated in that city and later entered the services of the Canadian Hank of Commerce as junior 1890. After being stationed at Winnipeg, Vancouver and New York lie came to Montreal in 1908 as assistant manager.
In September 1915 he resigned his position with the.bank to enlist in the Canadian forces with which he proceeded overseas.
During the war he served with the 3rd Seige Battery, C.U A as captain until June 1917, after which date he commanded the Battery with the rank of major. In October 1918 he was made Lieutenant Colonel. In>dditicn to being awarded the Military Cross in 1917. Col Leggat was twice mentioned in dispatches. On him return from overseas he established the firm of Leggat Cassils and Company in January 1920.
Col. Leggat is a member of the board of management of the Montreal General Hospital ; a governor of the Children’s Memorial Hospital; honorary secretary lan Order of Nurses; and i of the Board of Governors of Financial Federation.
Col. Leggat succeeds Col. K.M. Perry, D 8.0. who recently re-
scope is
ment, when burned, has a characteristic color, dependent on the frequency of the light emanated. This light is concentrated on a prism of glass. As the light strikes the pyramidal-shaped glass, it is bent and separated into its various colors, each color representing a spe-
By comparing the
. 10
32
8
Origin of ‘Swing Low
Of the origin of the spiritual, “Swing Low, Sweet Chariot,” the Negro Year Book says: “A mother and her babe had been sold from a Tennessee plantation to go down into Mississippi, which was, to her, going to her death. To prevent the separation from her child, she was about to throw herself and babe into the Cumberland river. An old worn-seeing the mother’s intentions, laid her hand upon the shoulder of the distressed mother and said, ‘Wait, let de chariot of de Lord swing low and let me take de Lord’s scroll and read it to you.’ The mother was so impressed with the words of the old slave woman that she gave up her design and allowed herself to be sold into Mississippi, leaving her baby behind. The song, ‘Swing Low, Sweet Chariot’ by degrees grew up, as this incident passed from mouth to mouth.”
Total under treatment 50 Operations, major
“ tonsil, adnoids 5
4
cific element colors with a prepared chart, the nature of the ore content can be learned.
This spectroscopic method requires only a few hours to complete, whereas the older chemical system necessitated as long as several weeks to assay ore.
Gold may be identified with a ( spectroscope only if the ore runs about three ounces to a ton. Platinum metals, such as iridium, osmium, palladium, platinum, rhodium and rethenium, must be run about two and a half ounces e/e-fore they can be recognized.
Presence of numerous commoner and more economically important minerals can be determined easily by the spectroscopic method. These metals include:
Aluminum, antimony, beryllium, bismuth, cadmium, chromium, cobalt, columbium, copper, iron lead, magnesium, manganese, mercury, molybdenum, nickel, niobitum, tantalum, tin, titanium, tungsten, radium, silver, vanadium 'and zinc.
There are other elements, however, which cannot be identified readily by the scpectroscope. Some of these are argon, bromine, carbon, chlorine, fluorine, helium, hydrogen, iodine, krypton, neon, nitrogen, oxygen, radon, selenium and
4
U
minor .... Hospital Days, private
24
of
semi-private 238 A indigent.... 20$ nursery
70
305

“Nice Bed in Pinecrest” Slips Past The Nazis
3
Thomas Milton Hamilton
The death occurred on Friday, Get. 4th, at Ottawa Civic Hospital of Thomas Milton Hamilton in his 01st year. He was torn at Beech Grove, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hamilton He farmed at Beech Grove all his life.
Surviving, besides his brother, Morley Hamilton, of Ottawa, are three nephews, Kenneth, El wood and Lome Hamilton, all of Beech Grove.
The funeral was held on Sunday afternoon from his late residence to Wesley United Church. Rev. I). Bishop, of Ouyon, conducted the service and the committal services at the graveside. Interment was in Upper Eardley United cemetery.
an
“We are having a grand time, dear
“There is
Grand-daddy of Stamps
During the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the postage stamp, collectors heard much talk about its father, Sir Rowland Hill, but little about its grandfather, Jacob Perkins.
Without him, the penny postage stamp would not have been possible to produce economically.
Probably about 1810, Perkins discovered that steel could be softened and hardened. Being a steel engraver and a printer of currency for the Massachusetts government, it occurred to him that one steel engraving could be transferred to a steel plate in any number desired.
He went tc England in 1818 to compete for a currency printing contract and when the Penny Black conceived, his firm of Perkins,
r
mother,” the letter read nothing we lack, plenty cf food and only the best. We work when we want to and 1 must say that these Germans are not what we have been led to believe they are. There is just one thing I would like, thing I desire above everything— Oh, for a nice, soft bed in Pine-
crest.”	,	.
The above was contained in a letter from an Ottawa district soldier who is a prisoner in internment camp in Geimany, to his mother. No names can be used for fear of reprisals against him.
Pinecrest is the cemetery near Britannia.—Ottawa Citizen.





SK

one


an


Cool Drinks Without Ice
For campers and others who want cool drinks when ice is not available, relief is now being promised : with the perfection of powders which through a chemical reaction produce a temperature of 20 degrees
- ™ i#e-==	SlP™ 5
wny#
i
Card of Thanks
was
Bacon and Fetch was ready with the machinery to bring it into the world


, Victor a inembei
Muss
xenon




• *


