###PAGE###1###
r
c$l.50 per annum In Advance i 2.00 to the UnltcdStatee
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22. 1940
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
No. 35, 57tu Year
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
married
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
Rev. Percy Powles to Show Movies of Work in Japan
Smith-Hamilton At the United Church Manw,
....	,	, Novanda, U'ie , on December Oth.	, ei .
Mi-* Gwen Kiiiott is visiting her 1939. Carolyns Margaret t- aim, | Qorner Bank and Somerset Streets
sister, Mrs. Gordon Maxwell at daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. J.
South Hull, this week.	Hamilton, of N manda,
¦lames Muir Brown hmitn,
I Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Smith,
Mi-s Muriel Webb, of Ottawa, -pent the week end with relatives
in town.
f
The Rev. Percy Powles, who is at present in Canada, is to be in
&%y"=h,g"
attend.	| Air Force at Toronto.	. I ns> son ot Mr. and Mrs. Leeson
rÆ :Aid iiS.sf,»?,"; bsts?
eppa*
ÜÉHËÜ!
#5=1##
observed a two mmute	g. Douglas.	. .	.. f P YV. Gilchrist officiated,
during the hour ot his bunai Mr. Herb. VVicken* on behalf ot The bride ^ the daughter of
service.	. .	the guests present expressed their Mrtjor and Mr’». James Cranwell,
The meeting was closed }?y„8inge appreciation of the invitation and I ^ Westville, N S., and the bnde-inc God Save the King. netreHii- ^ g0od time enjoyed.	! groom the son of Mr. and Mis. J.
mer.ts were served by the hostess * - |%, McCredie. of Ottawa and
nnsisted by Mrs. 1Melvin Ste war , |_jr peter Brownlee Dies	grandson	of	Mruand Mrs. William
Mi=h Tow ne and Miss Todd.	After Lengthy Illness	Graham,	of	Elmside.	* a
Professoi Fife played the wed-After an illness extending over djng music, and the soloist was
Barry’s Bay Defeat Fort Cwb-ge I «;•¦&	otto .™". “fcfffi? J£ÏTÎi«or .haatb
3 t. i i. First Cam. ef |&_	85^.1 ^SS!, w&M
ing, Feb. 10th, at the advanced 0f velvet and she wore a corsage age of 82 years.	bouquet of pink carnations.
The late Mr. Brownlee was a Miss Dorothy Urqubart,
éstruLftJtsass	sr *,,d * ,bo,"de" *77	^ *- «• » •=« »*
Both teams arrived in Shaw ville pioneer settlers ot the tow nship. I ception was held at the home of.^ bv special train from Fort Uou- The deceased was a prosperous the bride’s parents and later the | ^
Kk M»ld 1017 K;:ds.rsKS,	% %
Cecil Duncan, secretary of the when his health began U> tail,1 wore A brown coat trimmed with Amateur Hockey Association, who seVeral months ago, he returned fox and brown accessories, they was in Shawville in the interest ot to the farm where he received the wljj tftke up residence in North organized juvenile hockey, drop- hoving care and attention of his gycjney.
Coulonge missed out on several wag f0v some years a member of ,	—
8KÆK8.
asttSs Ml n». "££i| ïîd'ii^sitop.0.'
notched the first counter of the member ot the Church ot England,	r F„nerrtl from the rest
game on a break away andI to- „nd while on the'farm worshipped §enpe ^ her brother, Thoma-wards the end tallied again from nt Holy Trinity Church, Radford. pHU, Biyson, Que , on VVedues-a scramble in front of the Con; and Intteily nt St. Pauls, Shaw- d February 21st. atone pm.
U-tStiî »rt“! "h. I,»ve, k	l to f-o.ver Litchfield Cemetery
3 to 0, on a smart play, and then his aged wife, the former liai nett
sasrEe|?îi|r:	w“w
&%%%&"X	*lf W-l Th, de,,„.o,Y„ed h, C.Hyl,
^ ^'bb b ^ ^
were*1 VitViiske.^with"' two unS MXhe funeral w»s held on St,nd»y nnd MM *ivedey Young. Sr. lie Sullivan 1: for Fort Coulonge, afternoon from the home ot Mr. was in his 83rd year.
Neville mud E. Davis, 1 each. and Mrs. Corrigan to St. Pauls	- _-
Vitknske was the outstanding church, Shawville, and was very
ulaver for the Lumberjacks and largely attended, the sacred edi- Rev. Thomas is Hams was dangerous at all times, but I flce being crowded to> capacity. Die8 at Westfield, N J.
much credit for the result must go service was conducted by the	-
to their little goalie, McCaw. Rector. Rev. T. E. R. Nurse, who Qn Tuesday morning relatives Neville turned in a star perform- delivered an impressive funeral gbawville and district received ante for Coulonge and was the address, basing his remarks on I word that Rev. Thomas Harris,
Be-	ftïSÏ* SninT^b. M,,.t"hi.K'?
mrnmmmm®;
Alpine and Billings.	Master, Vertel bmiley
Fort Coulonge—Goal, Poisson; The pallbearers, all members ol defence. L Murphy and Shea ; the Masonic Order, were : Messrs
Tittley, ll. Doyle *"d L-1oSm	tribaMt
received and included the
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
Ottawa, Ontario
Of VI i
»
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer
The finest and most
Attend a
premises
modem in Ontario school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Cuts Feed Bill : Get Some Today
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLIIIC, President
Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Heave Cough and Cold Remedy Poultry Worm Tablets Animal Regulator,
Roup Remedy Lice Killer
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A. L. L L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Bide Women's Institute
El
Wednesday morning
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
was
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Orne*—In ike G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
ex
NEW SPRING
HOUSE FROCKS
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A , U.L B,.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
Matters dealt with by'.correspondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 1-M1»
Famous “Osmop” Line
Sensational ¦ Style - Quality - Value
They Lead The Fashion of 1940
Ten Smart Styles at $1.00 each
All sizes 14 to 44
Great Assortment of Colours
District Playdowns
189 MAIN STREET
hull, QUEBEC
as
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
phone 81.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of MeOill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week ,

See the New Polly Frocks
Southern Belle
$1.59 each

Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
*9
u
Drummond Medical Building
609
Drummond Street
MONTREAL. QUE PLATEAU 63 IS
Very Stunning Line at
A
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.


Vl^-^
Housecoats and Street Frocks
Beautiful new designs and lovely colours Now selling at
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Nose Throat Specialist
Eye, Ear
$1.95 each
ONT
OTTAWA,
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
PHONE, 2-7961
Davis
L. Ladouceur
BEATTIE'S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
Summary	IF#*
Second Period _	Brownlee ; Holy Trinity Church ; Mrs.
Barry’s Bay. Vitknske..... 14.00 R g Elliott and family ; Wreaths—
Barry's Bay, Sullivan..... 17-05 Shawville A.F. &A.M.;Whelen Family ;
Third Period	Spraya-W. A. Brownlee and family :
Barry’s Bay, Vitknake ...	11.00	Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Nelson ; Mr. and
Fort Coulonge, K. Davis.... 15 00 Mrs. J. A. Pritchard and family Fort Coulonge, Neville ....	10 00 Fleming Wilson: Mr. and Mrs, W. J
Penalties : T. Jewell and McAlpine Brownleo ; Shawville Women a institute.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Strong
Experienced
ible Through
SCIENTIFIC ETC EXAMINATIONS
Quebec
Shawville
Dependa
Specialist! o* all Visual and Muscular Eye Defacta
T T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
SHAWVILLE - QUE. 1 ¦*•*-*«	¦»w-w
Generations
NhW* » a
Mrs
###PAGE###2###
r diverging lights.
• • •
converging or
Victoria, B. G, Boasts Roses In February
VOICE I O
of the
PRESS
Scouts throughout Bengal have offered their wartime services to local authorities as yclist messengers, guides, signallers and ambulance workers. The entire mill of Calcutta has been divided
N1ARI0
UTDOORS
NEWS
PARADE
By VIC BAKER
m
area
into divisions, and the Scouts have been given the task of linking up the A. R. P. posts and first aid centres. Plans for a big Bengal Provincial Scout Jamboree were abandoned in order that full attention might bo given Scout wa

'IN ONTARIO SCHOOLS
One of the most pleasing of the laudable efforts being made by the active Ontario Federation ot Anglers is their insistence that biology and conservation be taught in all schools of the Province ot Ontario.
Procreative sound conservation studies irmst be destined to bring into being a new type of citizen in this progressive province with educational qualifications that may better equip him or her to accept the responsibility of aiding in the preservation of the province s vas.
stoves of wildlife.




"This war isn't like a footba i game” last week declared Sir Oliver Stanley, British War Secretary .	WfÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
hit at the thousands of Canadians who are watching the European conflict with detachment, and a sense of unreality, who are forgetting that this war can’t be stopped by a referee’s whistle . . . tremendously powerful human and sub-human forces have been unleashed, not to be brought under control again perhaps for a decade . . . and then we’ll be facing another world. So let’s be serious about the war, and study the situation, each of us, intensively.


an


WISH WE COULD, TOO
Postcard from a friend vacationing in Florida: “Having a fine time; wish I could afford it.’’— Woodstock Sentinel-Review.
—o—
ELECTION-AIR PRECAUTIONS
During a general election, airraid precautions here include the simple one of keeping the radio silent.—Toronto Telegram.

*
. . His warning indirectly
\'m
time emergency service.
* $ ¦
the


*
of thinking a Iona lines, these
A contribution of $05.00 toward the Vancouver War Chest Fund by the 13th, 21st and 27th Vancouver Troops was raised by the collecting, bundling and sale "f thirteen tons of wastepapcr. The joint effort was launched as a result of finding piles of old new papers and magazines in the basements of homes when Scouts of the three Tropos were on Fire Prevention Week inspection and instruction duty in co-operation
with the Vancouver Fire Depurt-
• * *
Demonstrating their ready gra p of the public service principles of Hoy Scout training, the newly organized troop at Port Saunders, Nfld
about for ways to help the settlement. One of the first results was the taking of steps to provide the community with the services of a cobbler’s shop.
sw
*



:
N •
o
«
M
NO PIN CUSHION
“Ontario is already preparing a cushion for the let-down that will come after the war.” Here’s hoping it isn’t a pin cushion.—Kitchener Record.

»
i
o
SPRING PEEPERS
The other day we were asked to give the correct name and description of the frog known in Ontario as the “spring peeper” we pass the following general information along to you in case you have asked the question at some
M§


Rumania was the hot spot of Europe as the sixth month of the war opened. King Carol’s kingdom found itself the object of pressure from every direction,—from Germany chiefly; the Allies; Bulgaria, Hungary. Reliable correspondents said that the Nazis, claiming Rumanian industry and agriculture were flagging for want of manpower and were not sending Germany urgently needed supplies, asked that Rumania demobilize 800,000 border troops. At the meeting of the Balkan Entente (Yugoslavia, Rumania, Greece, Turkey), Rumania’s representative was reported to have declared that his country would seek the protection of Germany if the other Balkan countries refused to guarantee Rumanian territorial integrity. The four Balkan nations emerged from the three-day conference with the apparent decision to remain neutral in the war, but no absolute guarantees, individual or collective, were forthcoming . .
Strange and Wonderful
Weird story of the week: From Zurich, Switzerland, came the pronouncement that Adolf Hitler would celebrate his 51st birthday April 20 by proclaiming himself Emperor of the Reich and Poland and King of Britain—with Field Marshal Hermann Goering as Viceroy; gvoernors to be placed over England, Scotland and Wales. A terrific Nazi offensive against Britain would come first, of course.
During the week, Russo-German border points were growing busier; nine railway stations were preparing to reload Russian raw materials for the Reich, and German industrial goods for the Soviet Union .. . the Asama Maru incident was settled' between Britain and Japan . . . Italy doubled the number of planes and pilots in the army ... the Polish National Council issued a “white paper” telling of wholesale executions and horrible brutalities in German-occupied Poland . . . Adolf Hitler delivered a surprise address on the occasion of his seventh anniversary as Chancellor; he insisted that had the opposing nations shown the slightest understanding of German problems, all questions could have been negotiated ... the first German plane since the war began, came down on English soil . . . more volunteers flocked into Finland from America, Britain and Scandinavia . . . the big French and Arab army assembled in Syria grew still larger . . . von Rib-bentrop, Reich Foreign Minister, announced that neither Germany nor Russia had any intention of carrying the war into the Balkans . . .

ment.
and
This jolly looking girl with her arms full of the fragrant roses she has just picked in a garden in Victoria, B. C., is Ina Haikala, a Canadian Finn, whose kin are fighting so desperately in their snowbound native land. Her mother came from Vasa and her father from Laap-peranta. Roses can be picked in Victoria gardens any Christmas Day but they usually fall to a January frost. This year, however, the weather has been so mild that last Summer’s roses are still blooming vigorously. The sprays in the photograph are yellow winter jessamine.
WHO’S CRAZY NOW?
There has always been a question in the minds of many people as to the sanity of Arctic explorers, and this question again comes to life with the arrival in Antarctica of Admiral Byrd and his companions. Thanks to the radio, however, the Admiral will be able to listen each evening to the outside world going its sensible way.
—Edmonton Journal
at once began looking
time.
•f
Technically speaking, this species of frog is Pickering’s hyla, Hyla pickeringii, a member of the family Hylidae, the tree frogs. It is very small in size, about one inch long, greenish-grey in colour and marked with a suggestion of
its back, and unlike
Under the leadership of Cliff Chisholm, the Hamilton Dofascos are assured of fourth place and a whirl in the play-offs of the Senior O.H. A. "A” series, a fine achievement considering this season marks the return of Senior hockey in Hamilton after an absence of a few winters. Not only is Johnny Conick, clever wing player, leading scorer for the Hamilton Dofascos but the Hamilton star ha- set up a record for clean play that is a real example for others to follow.
Supplying Plants With Stimulants
Presented by the Government of Northern Rhodesia, a bronze figure, half life-size, of David Livingstone, African explorer, has been added to the collection of statuettes of Empire builders in the galleries of the Imperial Institute, Jvondon.
a cross on other frogs outside the family, the tips of fingers and toes are endowed with viscous discs.
Its shrill piped notes arc heard almost before the ice is out of the marshy places where it breeds and lives until late summer, when it deserts its former habitat seeking high ground and trees to climb. During the heat of summer days the voice of this hyla is stilled, but it sings again when autumn is near with the same insistence as in spring. There is another tree frog of the same genus common to Ontario, the common tree frog, Hyla versicolor, which has the power to gradually change colour to blend with its surroundings. This frog docs not “peep” and is musical when Pickering’s hyla is silent. Other tree frogs also occur in Ontario, the Cricket frog, Acris gryllus, and the Swamp tree frog, Chorophilus nigritis. These, too, are not “peepers,” but sing more or less like other frogs.
Canadian Gardeners Are Told By Dominion Seed House That Amazing Growth Results Are Achieved by Feeding Vitamin B-1
CHEESE FOR HOME FOLKS
Canadian cheese producers received $500,000 in 1939 through premiums paid by the Dominion Government for high grade cheese. This, no doubt, was all for the good of the industry. At the same time, one cannot help wondering if cheese-making in this country would not be better served if the $500,000 were spent on proper publicity designed to make the Canadian public more “cheese conscious.” That done, if Canadian cheese manufacturers would make their best cheese—not just some of it—available for the home market, they might “be getting somewhere.”
An Interesting now discovery for the gardener, particularly for those who wish to try out for themselves the results of the latest research experiments is now available in Canada.
The new product, known as Vitamin B 1 was discovered in California and has been tested out by the California Institute of Technology and-is said to have produced surprising results in stimulating the growth of certain plants.
GOOD FOR FLOWERS, SHRUBS
The Dominion Seed House at Georgetown state they have carefully investigated every available source of information, ou this new product, had trials of their own, and supplied B-l, for trial and report, to a number of qualified gardeners. As a result, they satisfied themselves that claims made for B-l, were justified and well founded. They have now received information from Ottawa that the Department of Agriculture has approved Vitamin B-l for sale in Canada provided that no claims are made for it in respect to peas, beans, corn, tomatoes and other vegetable species. (B-l does not benefit all plants, and experimental work indicates that its greatest service is In respect to flowers, shrubs, trees, etc.).
GET*
our copy
8
»
I

St. Valentine’» Day

a
v
The merry god is a gallant rover,
He circles the land and wide seas over.
With a knowing smile and twinkling eye
May he not a wavering fancy spy?
So he whistles low with his pouting lips,
And out of the pack on his back ho slips
A fariy arrow with subtle dart
And amis it straight for that wav-ring heart,
Then blushes tender and rosy red
O’er a maiden’s features are hap’iy* shed
And she wonders why in this world of sin
Such joy is surging her heart within.
Ah! Never before was love like this	}
For she had not dreamt of such perfect bliss.
Whilst her lover gazes with speechless pride	*
At the tender grace of his promised bride	!
The little god laughs as he takes a dart	.	'
And aims it straight for another heart.
1
— Brantford Expositor.
I
72
Port Royal, N.S.
Being Rebuilt
#
Pages
0
HERE’S HOW I
For your copy of "Who’s Who" which contains Big Time Hockey Statistics and the careers of 131 Of Its players, send 5c with a 5-lb. Bee Hive Syrup label; or two 2-lb. labels, or two Ivory or Durham Starch labels and 5c Send requests to address on the label with vour name and address.
71#
71#
SCOUTING
Here and There
Replica of Habitation Where The French Settlers Spent First Winter In New France
# # e

i
Older Boy Scouts of Salford, Lancashire, England, are giving safety street crossing service during blackouts, under direction of the Salford Chief Constable. Each evening from 6.30 to 8.30, in pairs, armed with red hurricane lamps, they convoy pedestrians across “Belisha Beacon” corners. Approaching motorists recognize the
0.
Ya
Restoration of the Port Royal Habitation at Granville, N.S., where the settlers of New France spent their initial Canadian winter in 1605 is almost complete.
Work on this landmark is being done by the Surveys and Engineering branch of the Mines Department. The new habitation is an exact, full-size replica of the original built by the French under Champlain.
Bee Hive Syrup
IN POWDER FORM The product is sold in Canada by Dominion Seed House in powder form and the standard size package will prepare 2,000 gallons of solution.
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred N. her
T1MK OF CHAMPLAIN Timbers of the building were put together with wooden pins, the practice when the sons of France came first to Canada. Hinges and latches were reproduced in the typical workmanship of the period. Local field stone wps used in the
chimneys, black-
///
/ ?// +

,7?

1US MODEPNff
on
Y

y
%
MICKIE SAYS—
z
Zz
/

z
Puck Chasers

y

%
/
EVEN IF YOUVE tiOI PLEXflV OF BUSINESS, KEEP 0X1 ADVERTISING ! rrir GOOD INSURANCE TER "TH1 RAI ktY DAY
/
z5-

A'///
/
•/

’
r
TOPICS OF THE CURRENT HOCKEY SEASON
construction of the bricks in the bake-oven, smith's forge and fireplaces were made on the spot by old-time brickmakers. Much archaeological and historical research was dene by representatives of several societies and museums. Scientific soil reading was used to establish the original position of the build' ings.
9
r
A



3

JUNIOR AND SENIOR "A"

%'s y

I
mi
The Toronto Amateur Hockey Association, with the co-operation of the O. H. A. and the Maple Leaf Gardens, have named Saturday afternoon, February 17, as their special game to secure funds for purchase of hockey sticks and equipment for Toronto’s many youths playing on outdoor rinks.
The 0. H. A. has moved the Osh-awa at Marlboros game scheduled for February 24th up to February 17th, and it will be played as a single game on that afternoon. The Young Rangers vs Native Sons game will be played later. Games scheduled for February 17th have been moved back to February 24th for the Gardens, Including Oshawa at Varsity and Marlboros at Young Rangers. "
A

Nobody Need Listen
Back home in Canada election preparations sped on ... a free distribution of national radio network time was made to all four parties represented in the last Parliament. The allotment was as follows: Liberals, 5% hours; Conservatives, 4% hours; C.C.F., 1% hours; Social Credit, 1% hours. Total 12% hours . . . But we’re living in a democracy; nobody has to listen to a minute of it.
rad
#5
<»


3
A
l

%
i
%
>
y
y

z
y
z

%
iO*
Canadian National Railways Revenues
(5?
\
0

The gross revenues of the all-incluaite Canadian National Railways System for the 10-day period ending January 31,
were .................
as compared with .....
for the corresponding period of 1939, an increase of ....
ta
X
1940 Valentine
I
y
x —
19 40,
$6,427,070
4,445,609
This year’s Valentine is likely to be addressed “To My Sweetheart” instead of the “Girl Friend,” “Pal” or “Chum” customary for several seasons. Brilliant colors form background for "Cupid's darts and pining hearts.”
Typical of the new style, is this verse:
Sweetheart, my thankfulness for
10

BEST BEHAVIOUR
Senior hockey has made a remarkable comeback in Hamilton.
Ji-
(CoDjnrbt, iht?

e-H
1,981,401 or 44.6 Vo
H f "! N-IitI
» •
>*

“It's Just Beginner's Luck! !”
REG’LAR FELLERS- Assistant Mystery Man
By GENE BYRNES
<- | . : %ir t
¦
you


AH THANK YOU, MY BOY/NOW IT V/ILL ONLY REQUIRE A MINUTE OF YOUR TIME/ k JUST RELAX/ ,

r FOR MY NEXT EXPERIMENT I WILL ASK A YOUNG LAD TO KINDLY STEP UP

Fills all my life and heart It’s hidden down inside me Where loving greetings start; It’s part of everything I say And all the things I do ’Cause never can I quite express MY THANKFULNESS FOR YOU!

**#
yZ
rr*
*
y z

IIS :
ew*
r Se
:>
58



2tS



E /

HERE ON THE ANY BOY WILL DO/

#* • *
ThZSB*±,f •*!!&
"T

;
TOil\y0f
)




»
\
r
lÈÊ&à
Entrance to an ancient mine 10,000 feet up in the Andes at Catamarca, Argentina, having been t uned through a passage almost filled with water, miners are again finding rhodochrosite, which is used as a decoration for hairbrushes, cigarette cases and other articles.

X
u

v
; F
I:

y"rmrF
Mc>.
Yiprwiff

4-
fiffSI-Oee# CiriMi
« U • *.« (	iW m.U,
###PAGE###3###
?V'



infiT the soup mixture. Also add » piece of bay leaf, six or eight whole cloves and cover. Oven moderate 350 degrees. Drain when cooked, placing on heated platter surrounded with potato nests filled with peas. Garnish with lemon sections.
Baked Potatoes Stuffed With
Salmon
Choose potatoes of uniform size and in number, according to number to be served. Scrub well, dry; prick top with sharp fork after having rubbed each potato with butter. Bake in hot oven until tender, which will take from 50 to CO minutes. When cooked cut a slice off the top of each potato, scooping out carefully the potato. Mash the potato then put through ricer adding—
2 tablcspons butter 3/a teaspoon salt Dash of pepper
1 tablespoon chopped onion Hot milk, adding until well moistened; to this add 1% cups flaked salmon mixing all very j thoroughly. Pile into potato shells, j Brush lightly with butter, place in oven; brown a light brown. Arrange on a heated platter with buttered mould* of spinach topped with a slice of hard boiled
eggs.
For the fish rarebit recipe, note 1 the column last week in the Val- I entinc supper, which is another l delectable concoction for the I.en- I ten season.
young woman, if I’m any judge of human nature.” , . . He'd be the last to deny that he is, Constance thought with a fluttor of lrritalon. “Elsa O'Dare, in whoso judgment i have a lot of confidence, happens to bo an old friend of ours. You don’t suppose,” he added, with a brief twinkle, “that I dragged you Into my private practice without taking the precaution of finding out something about you, do you?”
Thai, Constance realized, feeling a lUMo foolish, was exactly what she had supposed.
“And just what,” she demanded, “did Miss O’Dare tell you?”
“Not all she knew, I suppose . . . Only that when you walked into Daimler's that day, you had no more idea of modeling in a fa shion show than — well, than I had But Iliât you slipped into the situation with such cm «agi n g impudence and such amazing poise that she couldn't resist hiring you - on the spot . . . And,” lie added thought* fully, “that she, personally, likes and respects you.”
And that, Constance felt sure, was all Elsa had told him,
“And now" — his friendliness suddenly merged into a briskly professional manner — “I think you'd better get to bed as soon as the stewardess can got your berth all ready. I’ll call her and — ”
“Bed?" Constance said blankly. “But J never go to bod so early.
. . . Oh, you needn't lake the trouble,” she went on with malicious amusement as his hand moved In what she had come to know as a habitual gesture. “I have a watch, too.”
She found herself disproportion a tel y annoyed by his brush shift from friendliness to this impersonal matter-of-factness.
“Though you may not guess it,” she went on perversely, “I’ve really been out of hoarding school for some tlme.’r
For a moment he examined her with that curious, tolerantly amused look she had come to recognize . . . As if, Constance thought with a growing resentment, he were trying to decide just what kind of unpredictable bug J might turn out to
REGISTER OGDEN’S!
T
*They Make Delicious Tea
T
A
A

$aw
i>

w

L
B


&
si
K
L
A


S
E


?
w
k
y*
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Roll a cigarette with Ogden’s Fine Cut, touch a light to it and you'll register “real” smoking enjoyment. Ogden's is a “star" cigarette tobacco—the feature turn on the pleasure programme of wise roll-your-owncrs everywhere. Of course they choose the best papers, too -“Chantecler" or “Vogue”.
Pipe-
Smoker tî
Ask
For
Ogden's .
Cut A
Plug B

TEA BAGS

LENTEN MENU HELPS
The Lenten season is with us again. Having had the request several times last week for the jellied tuna recipe given in one of the summer columns it gives me a great deal of pleasure to repeat it at this season, where it seems to “fit in” although appetizing anytime.
Anticipate rather than dread the preparation of your meals for this season. Grasp it as an opportunity to present to your family some delightful changes in menus and aim to make dishes to whet the appetitte, instead of meals to be dreaded. In fish alone as a moat substitute is offered tang, zest and character, which, with varied coruinations and garnishings, can make the preparation of these meals an adventure, with results full of interest and variety.
Jellied Tuna
I#’?* oz. tin of cream of spinach soup
Va cup of thick boiled salad dressing
,	1 pint package plain gelatine
V* cup boiling water
1	cup flaked tuna fish *4 teaspoon salt
One-eighth teaspoon pepper
2	tablespoons chopped pimento Heat the soup. Soak the gelatine
in two tablespoons cold water. Add boiling water, stir thoroughly and add to the soup. Next fold in the flaked fish mixing well, then the salad dressing and lastly the pimento, salt and pepper. Place in mold and chill.
This makes a very lovely platter dish. Un mould on crisp lettuce and surround with tomatoes filled with voltage cheese or canned pears with the same filling. Top either with salad dressing and a sprinkle of paprika.
Baked Fillet With Mushroom Soup
Make your choice of either a smoked or salt fish fillet. Wash and prepare. It is best, if the salt type, to soak in tmld water for m hours before cooking. Drain well. Place in baking dish ; cover with a can of cream of mushroom soup diluted with evaporated milk (two parts soup to one of milk). Place a layer of finely sliced onion on the top of fish before add-
X
<1
yt
N
LOVE LAUGHS
Al THt 0OCTÜR
A
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
fife
Copyright, I93ê, NE A Service, Inc.
>
f
J

CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her ome; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON-sn artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case
ed uncertainly at the hills in her hands. ' The boy's father will make it good, and be only too glad to pay you for any inconvenience this may cause you . . . Now you'd better ruu along. Allow at least a half hour to get to the flying field . . . And, oh yes! Better take along some lightweight clothing, it will be much warmer there than there. Please do not be late. I’ve got enough to thluk about without walking the floor with a watch In my hand.”
HONEYMOON CLOTHES Well, well, Constance though'. 1 am gutting ahead in 'life — from substitute for a clothes model to stand-in for u screen star — or am

Scot *vo
OBI

i
t
Last week: Facing an incredible assignment, Connie Is about to depart by plane for California with Dr. Rogers to stand in for Camilla Wynne. The time it getting short.
OGDEN'S
FINE CUT

CHAPTER XIII
Constance said in a moment of i ecklessneee, at which she was to wonder la tor, * l still have no reason to think you’re not Insane, but — well, it will lake me a half hour to pack.”
Before she got out of the car in front of her own house. Dr. Rogers look a wallet from his pocket.
“Sine» this is a business arrangement, Miss Maldwell,” he said, “and since I don’t Imagine you habitually carry airplane fare to California around In your purse, I had better give you something on account.”
lie stripped some bills from a roll and handed them to her.
“Here’s enough to buy a round trip fare — 1 don't want you to ini aglne you’re being shunghled — and a little for incidental expenses Take a taxicab to the airport. You will find a ticket waiting for you in your own name I'll meet you in the plane.”
Ho might, Constance thought, have been instructing a nurse in the operating room, lu full confidence that every command would be implicitly obeyed.
“Aren’t you taking a rather long chance?” she asked.
“If I thought so,” lie said with a short unmirthfui laugh, “I’d bundle you up in a sack and carry you along as excess baggage.”
And he looked at that Instant to be grimly capable of doing It.
You needn't he concerned about taking the money,” he added a Ill-tie impatiently as Constance l»ok-
READERS, WRITE INI Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to yovr "pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus arc in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronio.”
Peg-Leg Mouse
i?
She ran upstairs, her thoughts racing ahead of her . . . Lightweight clothing . . . Rut all of her lighter clothing was still stowed in the basement looker — except, of course, for the new things for her wedding Journey. She and Derek had been going south.
Well, she-had bought thorn and paid for them, hadn’t she? And this was the only Journey she seemed likely to make for some time . . . . There wasn’t much time to choose with discrimination. Better take sorno sport things anyhow ... In the end, she put In any number of tilings she would probably never need, Just because there was room.
She would wear the dark tailor ed suit with tell silver fox fur and the cherry hat and bag. As she set tied the hat over her hair, she smiled a little wryly at her reflec lion in the mirror, remember!ug that other occasion, in Derek's studio. when she had planned in a moment of happy delusion. I'll wear the tailored suit on the plane. I am so glad 1 got the red hat and bag.
She was in her seat In the plane when Dr. Rogers came in. He just greeted her very much as if he had unexpectedly recognized a pleasant acquaintance, chatted impersonally for a few moments; and then he went with an air of finality back to his own seat.
Constance, who had never flown before, and who was In that phase of excitement that craves companionship and self-expression, fe't piqued and defrauded.
I suppose he’s afraid someone will think he’s eloping with me. she thought maliciously. Rut no. I do not believe that man really cares what anyone Is going to think.
Then she saw that he had taken a telegram from his pocket and was studying It with bent brows, the line between his eyes deepening as lie read. He wrote a j-eply and settled down in his seat, quite as if he had forgotten her.
Presently, however, with an air of suddenly remembering a duty that should be attended to, he came over and took a vacant seat opposite her.
Scampering around a farm in New Jersey is a mouse that broke its leg. The farmer made it a wooden log out of a tiny golf tee.

VITAMIN B-I

FOR PLANT GROWTH
AN HORTICULTURAL SENSATION
Handy Hints
5-lnoh Rose bud». Daffodils n* large ns » salad Hyacinth UiiKima over lone, HnaiMlragoai nearly 7 feet high, seedlings maturing In half the uauul time, plants In full bloom, and growth transplanted without root-shock or set back and sickly plants relnvlgorated Into \\ //>vw^ strong and healthy growth. X\\
This la only part of the story,
In October Issue of ‘ Better :(	_
Homes & Gardens*that has ;X->&^lv%7 electrified the horticultural /\ \\v'X,,y world by Its description of the // Vi\ , marvellous results obtained through scientific study of the newly discovered effects of Vitamin D-l on plant growth.
Vitamin B-1 gives new vigor to the whole plant
Not a plant food or fertiliser but Imparts new vigor to the roots so that the plant obtains tbe maximum benefit from the sou In which It Is growing THL'H PRODUCING THESE ASTONISHING RESULTS IN SIZE AND RATE OF GROWTH.

rta

?, Cf
To freshen a worn leather handbag, rub over with plain vaseline, into which a few drops of glycerine have been blended. Wipe off with a clean, soft cloth until it is thoroughly dry.

i
fj'
be.
1
TO THE THOKVALD RANCH Finally he said — obviously trying to be patient — “Perhaps I had better remind you that you may-have a hard day ahead of you. You will net-d all the rest you can get.”
“Please don't worry about me. Dr. Rogers,” she said; “I thrive on sleepless nights.”
Without a word he turned stiffly back to his own seat.
Indeed! Constance thought, as she watched him with covert malice. We get a lot of fun out of standing off and feeling superior and amused, don't we? Hut it isn't so funny when people refuse to take us us seriously as we do ourselves, is it?
She took a great deal of satisfaction out of sitting up a good hour after her usual bedtime.
Snuggled into her amazingly comfortable berth. Constance be gau to realize for the first time in that drf-am-like evening, exactly what was happening to her.
Once in California, it was inconceivable that she should not see Derek. And once she had seen Derek, all the doubts and petty fears of the past few weeks would drop away like mist. She would lose that feeling which had begun to possess her that Derek had gone away into another and different world, and by that very act, had become different, himself; so that he no longer even spoke a language she understood. She fell asleep dramatizing those first few moments with Derek.
There was a car waiting for them when they landed. The chauffeur, who seemed to know Dr. Rogers well, said. “I am to take you direct ly to the ranch, sir. Miss Thor va Id asked me to say she was sorry not to—”
“Miss Tborvaid?” Constance said faintly. “Does he mean — is it tbe Thorvald ranch we're going to? . . . Rut T can't do that.”
I To Be Continued i
!
"77
f>ry celery leaves iu a pan in the oven. Crumble and store in a covered glass jar, until needed tor flavoring dressings, soups and also stews, and to combine with other salad herbs.


Easy—Sale—Economical
FOR PLANTS INDOORS AND OUTDOORS We supply Vitamin B-l In a new convenient powder form, specially prepared for plant growth. Ne complicated weigh log or measuring whatever. Using measuring bikmhi which we supply. Just add a little powder to each gallon of water and pour ua soil once a week. Package will prepare 2.008 gallons of solution (enough to last the average gardener a whole season) With directions. 81.08 postpaid (special half package. 65c. postpaid).
CBer^Our nig 1W0 Seed and Nursery FK C C Book, it le letter than ever.
DOMINION SEED MOUSE, Georgetown, Ont
If you have any doubt at all whether the mushrooms you are preparing are edible, try this old-fashioned test: Stir, while cooking, with a silver spoon. If the spoon does not discolor, the mushrooms are good.
~7fjaAiL IjevJtCJufTx
Mr, Caffeine-Nerves Quits School
3
9 »

a-
m




?




ÉMÉ
K

y
e

I
V
Wm
%
ê
:





4
y/

n



4
TEACHER: Fve simply come to the end of my rope with this class, Mr. Brown — They’re so unruly they're driving me almost frantic !
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
That's telling him! Those kids should be in reform school!
12631V
ti»6
SP*1
tiC
'>/

SB»

' §



m


“Do you know," lie began with a rueful grin, “I don’t believe it’s occurred to me yet to gay Thanks.’
'
>
4
I
m


«


i
f
i—•
*.

N9I
*

“Don't.” Constance cut in. “I’m just beginning to realize that you are staking a good deal oil me. I'm not an actress* you know. I’m only a clothes model that."
> it

»



N?2
sV
an amateur at
* •

x
n

RECOMMENDATION FROM
ELSA
'‘You’re an unusually adaptable
MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
Pipe do u n, Brown — this is a school, not a hospital!
PRINCIPAL: Now — now — It’s just that your nerves are upset—1 had the same trouble and found it was caused by drinking too much tea and coffee. Switching to Postum fixed me up !
Leaden in sport . . . coechei, e*letei end trainers . . . ed ise boyi entérine the real* of «port to eet Crown Brand dolly lor that intro pep end energy which help to win.
ftend for Crown Brand 'Book of Itiddlm'VBooh olMsgie and Tricks '. Bnokâ ou Hockey; F.K.tbolL Biwelall. Athletic.; slao coloured Crown Brand Motto ALL KKKJhî Send a Crown Brand
VI
II


ii ii
Babel of Censors
If
“MIDDLE AGE WOM
aJ

The Censorship Department of Singapore is capable of dealing with letters in 41 languages—of which 22 are European and 19 Oriental. There are also native dialects, including 15 main Indian ones.
q
JL'
goy4!
k
" trying time** by taking 1‘inkham’a-wellknc rm for helping female functional troubles. Try itJ

By LOUISE LENNOX
Mocassins make practical and decorative slippers for house wear. These are so easy to make because they require no real sewing, they are simply laced together. Any heavy woolen such as coating or a discarded heavy blanket is suitable, as well as suede, suede cloth or leather. Bright beads in Indian design on the front add a gay touch to either plain or contrasting color moccasins. Just four simple pieces and you don't have to sew a stiteh.
Style No. 2639 is designed for shoe sizes 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 We«t Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style, Number. Be sure to state Size you wish.



V



*
f KSBS

LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S
B
m

VEGETABLE COMPOUND
xS
Ml CANADA SI ARCH COMPANY UMITfD

#9
MS
I

Why are PREMIUMS Better?
m
L
>
f
L

TEACHER: Thanks indeed for telling me about Postum, Mr. Browo, I've been drinking it regularly and the things I worried about a month ago seem silly now !
MIL CAFFEINE-NERVES:
School's out for me! — Post/m and caffeine-nerves fust don't get along!
m

-r #

%

• Many people can safely drink tea and coffee. Many others —and all children — should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum’s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. Then. if yon do not feel better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited. Cobourg, Ontario, and we’ll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum ii delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.


1
ÉCT
,
%vi

mr.


%
m
s

I 'll BITE/ 'a
I I) V

______ *or = _ „„„_________________
?THEY’RE TASTIER, FLAKIER, CRISP AND FRESH"
jcr
ISSUE NO. 7- 40
!

• «Ml#
B
I

###PAGE###4###

Tourist Trade In 1939 $275,000,000
Tourists spent an estimated $275,000,000 in Canada last year compared with $233,000,000 in 1938, the Dumin Bureau of Statistic*, said last week in a review of Canada’s 1939 tourist
trade.	.	. .
Canadian travellers in other countries
spent an estimated $110,000,000 compared with $121,000,000 in 193S.
The • favoroble balance” to Canada on tourist trade account in 1939 is provisionally estimated at $185,000,000 pared with 162,000,000 in 1938.
“Practically all forms of tourist trave. were adversely affected by the outbreak of war but in many cases the declines not sufficient to cancel previous advances,” the report said.
THE EQUITY
s
Hodgins Garage
X
FREE—Fine Barometer
x
X

SH A WV ILLE, FEB. 22,1940
s

\
ion

The Election in Pontiac
S
Combined with Accurate Thermometer
To be Given Away in Our New
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
The current question—Is Pontiac going to have an election ? I rankly, at the moment, Tub Equity does not
know.
Reports going the rounds are varied
and include such statements as :• Mr.
W. It. McDonald, member of the last
Parliament, will get an acclamation ;
another, that Mr. McDonald will have
opposition, not only from the Conserva-
of dis
\
\
V

Weather Prophet
V
Sales
v
com
V
CONTEST


V
X
<

x
were
What will the Thermometer read and what will the weather be like at 12 o’clock (noon) on the Monday following closing date of this contest P

X
v
—
A Choice Lot to Choose From
I Change your old model and get a better one

?
I
§
tive party, but also by a group
satisfied Liberals in the northern part j prQper Respect of Flag
of this constituency, who will place a
strong candidate in the field to contest
his nomination as the official standard-
bearer or to run as an Independent ing slant on national life in the United States. Respect for the flag may ... be shown, first of all, by making Prospective Conservative candidates nQ impr0per use of it. No other
mentioned are citizens of the mining flag should be placed above it or to
and from reports its right; it should not be used as
drapery or decoration; no lettering should be placed upon it nor should it be used for advertising purposes ; it should not be allowed to touch the ground or the floor, or trail in the water ; it should not be displayed in a torn or much soiled condition ; it should not be dipped to any person or any thing.
Respect is also paid in the formal salute, under the circumstances and in the manner described in “The Flag Code!”
“During the ceremony of hoisting Dr lowering the flag, or when it is passing in a parade or in a review, all persons present should face the flag, stand at attention and salute. Those present in uniform should render the right hand salute. When not in uniform, men should remove the headdress with the right hand and hold it at the left shoulder, the hand being over the heart. Women should salute by placing the right land over the heart. The salute to the flag in the moving column is rendered at the moment the flag
N

S
Important to Americans
The question of proper respect for the American flag gives an interest-
;
MAPLE LEAF
S
g
V
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H O. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled
that you can drive in safety Drive in today
X
5
Cream of the West ”
fit
X
K3
Liberal
$
a

F L OU R
X
a

<
a

s?
section of the riding reaching here are influential men. No mention is made of anyone in the lower section aspiring for political honora, and, we suppose, the reason is that the controlling vote is now in the newer, mining sections of the county.
Pontiac voters should have a medium of expression of opinion in this general election, and the first and most important duty of every elector—who must be a British subject—is to support and work for the party and candidate that they consider will render the greatest effort in bringing about a speedy and successful conclusion of this horrible
v
0
X


>
>
Offers Free

#

to the one who comes nearest to naming the Thermometer and Barometer readings for the Monday (12 o’clock
the closing date of the contest, this
V
V
X
X
X
noon) following magnificent, accurafcecombination

Barometer—Thermometer
x

now, so
N
X

X
And Additional Prizes as stated below for others who nearest to being correct.
x
x
X
come
X
x
?
X
a
x
It is all so easy—You merely fill in the blank which we supply with purchase of Maple Leaf Flour.
X
.1. !.. HODGIN8

X

N
war
I
v
^ Phone 64"J.

M
I With 24 pound Bag


n

I

Canadian Red Cross Quebec Provincial Division, Montreal
Blanks Supplied As Follows :
2 “ 49 4 “ 98
<4
44
I
DALE’S TINSHOP
44
44
a.
,’J
J
The Canadian Red Cross Society has received a cheque for $10,250.26 from Ruth Draper, famous dramatic actYess, who pledged the total proceeds of her recent tour across Canada for the
last week	the flag for the day it is raised
The letter accompanying the.
half the distance between the top
passes.
The code also describes the use of the flag, at half-staff:
“When flown at half-staff, the flag is hoisted to the peak for an instant and then lowered to the half-

Your Alternative Opinion May be the Winner !
A
zi
«D
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
a
a
You will be proud to own this Beautiful
Barometer-Thermometer
Get Your tyapla Leaf (Cream of The West) Fleur at
a
a
j

c)
a
a
a
Tin and Agateware
3
a
j
i
a
a
said, “in forwarding the enclosed cheque,
**1 capacity, to help in the relief work displayed upside do carried on by the Red Cross among the fighting forces of the allies and the civilian victims of the war.
“My love for England and for France, above nil for the principles which they
3
a
a
On
3
Wc vau x a Iai;uv assortment of Kitchen Utensils in all the fashionable colour combinations. Abo a largest, ck of Pails for every purpose, of our own manufacture or factory made, all at very n asonable pri
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O.

g
3
Contest Closes Saturday evening1,
March 30th, 1940
t
One Barometer and 24 Saucepans will be given away
Î
1

t
I
es
g
=3
IS
All-Plastic Auto Body
Î
Hides Wanted
1 Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides
s
3
Predicted by Scientist
An all-plastic automobile body
-are defending with such brave deter- produced complete in less than eight ( mi nation, promited me to do this work, Minutes is predicted in a report to Climate Trends Toward and I am grateful for the opportunity the American Chemical society afforded me to carry it out here in Canada.
“May I, through you, convey my grateful thanks to all the branches of the Red Cross which have helped to make my performances a success, to the newspapers for their co operation, and to the public foi its warm response, and its appreciation of my gesture.
“The generous welcome and friendship which have been shown me throughout this great country has touched me deeply, and I take leave of Canada, and end my work here with real regret, happy however in the thought that our border is so easily crossed, and that I may return before long for another visit. Yours very sincerely, Ruth Draper.”
9
3
=5

a

a
Reno Outlines Program i| For Another Boom Era
After having its ups and downs ; since the “Big Boom” of 1931, Reno seems to be heading for palmy days ^ which many residents believe will rival the period when gambling was legal.
The city, known principally as a divorce center, is on the verge of another “jackpot” from two sources, of which is purely accidental and the other planned.
1.	The California legislature has enacted a law requiring prospective brides and bridegrooms to undergo physical examinations before obtaining a marriage license. Reno’s marriage business already is a substantial addition to the city’s commerce and it was believed the honeymoon-ers from California would triple when the law goes into effect about September 20.
2.	A real estate syndicate is publishing a booklet, with photography, by True Vencil, of Hollywood, setting forth Reno’s attractions and emphasizing no state income taxes, state inheritance taxes, sales, to- | bacco, intangible and other “nuisance levies.”
The booklet is being sent to a selected list of 10,000 American business
retired persons of means in the hope that they will establish residence here, as have more than a score of millionaires in the past few years. £
The divorce trade, while solid and spectacular at times, with prominent persons of the world of finance, politics and entertainment coming here to escape rigorous divorce laws L of other states, is taking a back seat in importance—in direct ratio to the number of other states which have “streamlined” their laws.
3
Warmer Temperatures
World-wide evidence that climate
Designers and automotive engi- ;
isSifssss
amolnfT%asUcstd:"d:d,y^ S.KiSr^^UnitedS.ateAeath-result of consumer demand. Some jr bureau at Washington, «¦
200 parts of the automobile are now sidered historic climate as ® rather made in whole or in part of plastics, stable thing, with short period. \ -
The car runs smoothly because ions of considerable magnitude, but its ignition system is protected with without especially significant a moulded phenolic distributor head -overing long perio s^
H**i
iMiHü
and horn button are molded of touch, flexible acetate in a variety of pleasing colors. Instrument panels and clock case faces are of polystyrene, while the windshield may be of acrylate.
Today the metal body is protected with a priming coat of phenol resin varnish and a finishing coat of an alkyd or cellulose lacquer. This development alone reduced car finishing time from 17 days to less than eight hours
witness an all-plastic automobile body produced complete in less than eight minutes.
Plastics benefit the automotive industry in still other ways. Synthetic phenol resin-bonded abrasive wheel, which can be operated safely at high speeds, and abrasive papers make possible the fabrication of metal parts to those exacting tolerances which are so necessary for interchange ability in mass production.
Again, plastics in the form of phenolic or urea resin adhesives serve to bond laminated wood for truck oodies and trailer construction.
The automobile is only one example of many that could be cited to show how plastics serve industry in its efforts to make a better world in which to live. Such major factors in modern life as the central station, the telephone and radio, the textile industry and building and electrical appliances could also be mentioned.
LESLIE DALE
Sa
ï
Quebec
Shawville
ESTABLISHED 1383
one
INVALID
COACH
ŒEOEG-B HYNES & SON
Directors cf Funeral Service
In
Are Farmers Famlies Healthy?
Shawville, Que.
Phone 30
Some city people envy the hardy country folk whom they believe to live in a state of continu jus good health; the country folk take great pride in this belief. Is it founded on fact ]
The inherent advantages to rural health are found in abundant fresh air, sunshine and outdoor exercise, in plain, simple and fresh food, in the absence of overcrowding and noise found in cities. The disadvantages, on the other hand, poor farm sanitation, abundance of animal and insect carriers of disease germs, sometimes inadequate medical and nursing facilities, together with seasonal overwork, heavy strains and -exposure of farm people to extremes of weather.
Since the turn of the century, when rural rates were lower than urban, there has been a gradual decrease in death rates on this continent. Because cities have made unceasing efforts to solve their health problems, their death rates for certain controllable diseases have dropped faster than in rural parts. Despite fresh air, sunshine and foods, it is now shown sometimes to be healthier to live in cities or towns where publie
health facilities are available.
Defective teeth, tonsils and adenoids, poor eyesight, malnutrition, tubercu louis, rheumatism, influenza, and the infective intestinal diseases, typhoid fever, undulent fever and dysentry, in children and adults alike, constitute some of the health problems which must be solved by the farming com rnunity if we are to justify our reputation as healthy, hardy country folk.
age
Omaha, in a similar period, has nad 15 years warmer than normal with the peak in 1931. In Washing-.on, 17 years have been warmer than lormal and every year since 1926 brought above normal heat In Washington's warmest
V

I The Hodgins’ Lumber Co.
îas
mat city year was 1921.
Capetown, South Africa, recorded 19 years warmer than normal, with
the hottest in 1927.
World-wide monthly records for 23 years show all but four considerably than normal. Two of these years were at normal and two were colder than the average. These records have been completed only up to 1932.
and professional leaders and
8
CUSTOM SAWING
are
Tomorrow we may
warmer
We are now delivering Mill Wood. Place your order now.
1
X
x
X
Saw-Log’s Wanted

Hard Hearing Society	1
The American Society for the Hard of Hearing was founded in 1919 by Dr. Wendell Phillips. It is the
only national non-profit, philanthrope	This Way Out
ic organization dedicated solely to After a six-mile run on the foot-aiding the hard of hearing. The so- board 0f a runaway train speeding ciety, with headquarters at Wash- 70 mijes an hour, Engineer John ington, D. C., and chapters in nearly vallance and Fireman Thomas 200 cities throughout the United ^aglesham jumped from the engine States, helps the hard of hearing geconda before It crashed into a wit» their social, employment and freigbt train near Ayr, Scotland, educational problems; helps them u> . A$ tbey ]ay gAp.ng for breath at find employment; promotes lip-read- thc side 0f the track they heard the ing. classes and hearing tests and t crtlSh. Neither was seriously in- g acts as an information center. Dr. ; ,ured The speeding traih had got- a Austin A. Hayden of Chicago is ; jeQ out of control un a steep grade, president of the organization.
s

g We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27


THE HODCINS’ LUMBER COMPANY

Shawville,
Quebec

31
ZàU.
yizwïZLZf/rzi/wvi>Yzi>''Zizizj
z'yiZxiyi
)
###PAGE###5###
Middle-
Vehicles and Horses For Sale
And Gelding.», special bargainrt
age Driving Marc, extra good reader,
$60.00.
Service Announcement
Shawvzllb Unitbd Church
Rrv. A. P. Fokks B A., B.I). Pastor

m- #
G*
The Equity
Wealthy gentleman’s highclafts vehi-Rubber tited buggy, made to
storage battery.
Apply to W. J. SMITH
Renfrew, Ont. Reuben Smith, Shawville.
clés.
order, three lights,
Half Speeder Cutter, highest quality, slightly used, cost $3u0.00. Sale price for pair $75.00. Choice young Mares
Furniture
Department
Chesterfield Suites
Established 1883
PUBLISHED KVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWV1LLB, QUEBEC
Sunday, February 25 IL 00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
Reference,
r
1 CO p.m.—Service at Zion
annual subscription
$1.50
3.30 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
i “..Words from the “He speakes words
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
• e
2.00
Third in series on Cross,” entitled, 1 Disappointment”.
HYDRAULIC CONTROLS
f
with
must be paid In full is discontinued
lovely hostess who decorates her living “The Marvel” furniture gets quality throughout, comfort seasons smartest styles of lasting satisfaction, executed by long experienced master
room
All arrears before any paper
The
7.30 p.m —Service at Shawville. Subject
make
“The Greatest Song in the
World”
W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
BETTER, EASIER FARMING
Bristol United Church Rrv. C. Armstrono-Salrh, B. D. Sunday, February 25
St. Andrews, Service St Andrews Sunday Sc tool 11.30
Knox.
Austin,
Craftsmen.
Arizona Indians Seek
New Mode of Living
Young Havasupal Indians of the Grand Canyon, Ariz., area, who return to their reservation after training at government schools are dissatisfied with customs and practices of their forefathers and have appealed to the federal government for aid in getting the modern conveniences about which they learned
in school.
These young tribesmen will agree with the white-man visitor that their reservation, located on the bottom of the Grand canyon of the Colorado river is as picturesque a place as can be found.
But they’ve seen and read too much about the outside world to be satisfied with the crude shacks and the almost primitive farming tools which their parents and parents' parents have been using for gen
orations.
They want to build stone houses that can be kept clean, houses able to withstand any kind of weather. They want new tools for agriculture and new equipment for irrigation similar to that used by progressive
farmers.	, ,	,
To help them out, the federal government, through the National Youth administration, is working plan whereby the Havasupais get funds for their much-desired program of modernization.
What tile Indians need most of all is cement îf» build these new stone houses. Stuie and timber they can find with abundance on the reservation, which comprises only 5.8 —the nation's smallest.
You too will revel in their Comfort, Charm,
“Fit for a King” Beautiful
10.30 a. m.
a m. 2 30 p ni. 7.30 p. m
Distinction,
Designs, Solid Comfort, Excellent Proportions.




Service
Service




l
To you, the discriminating home-makers of Canada, we present this first Fashion Showing of beautiful Living Room Furniture, Dining Room Furniture, Bed Room Furniture, Simmons Beds and Mattresses, Breakfast Suites, Chairs, etc.
X
our
,	ANGLICAN
St. Paul’s
Sunday, February 25
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School * Morning Service Withdrawn
/ 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
WfCKKDAY SgftVrCRB 7.45—Wednesday Evening 8.00---Friday Evening
Holy Trinity
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
St. Lu kb’s
2 00 p.m. —Evening Prayer

MA
V
personally selected fabrics....
that lend a luxurious touch of rich beauty to any home.
Outstanding styles
FORD TRACTOR with Ferguson System
Mattress (Jews of a Decade !
The Slumber King is here 1
traction. This means amazing fuel economy and minimize» packing of aoH. And it mean» you can plow fields full of rock» and stumps, because the new line of draft ia tl tractor’s "safety deviceWhen the plow strikes a hidden obstruction, weight is transferred to the front wheels, the rear wheels spin.
• The Ford tractor with Ferguson system is completely new. You've never seen anything like it. Tractor and unit are combined into one compact unit—making greater efficiency, contro omyi Hydraulic mechanism for easy, positive control of implements insures not only constant depth while plowing or cultivating, but effortless lifting and lowering of implements.
feature is the light weight of the unit. Because the "line of draft” is downward into the ground, there is no longer need of except weight to ; ecu re
n
Parish or North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, February 25
«
possible 1, econ-
*
Hi


;
*
œ


V
Morning Prayer 10.30
2.30
Oreermount,
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer
Evening Prayer

Those are only a few of the features. Come in. Look the Ford tractor with Ferguson system See the hydraulically controlled implements. Chances you'll change your mind about a lot of things.
7 00
Ch trteria,

out a can
SS-SlPS
An outstandi
Miry Wkkk Servions
Wednesday Evening Evening Prayer

over.
are
9
7.30
Clurteria,
# a
VA
vs
3
V
V
c ft
A '¦ e

X
si
li
è Fur Pelts Wanted
*
:,1 ;l
¦u
You Get These Features At No Extra Cost
Ferguson System of Hydraulic Controls • Pneumatic Tires • Self Starter • Power Take-Off • Cover-Battery and Generator • Oil-bath Air Cleaner • Muffler • Independent Brakes on Rear Wheels • Oil Filter • Adjustable Tread on Front and Rear Wheels.

%
R
acres
But to get cement they have to have cash, and cash is the stumbling block for these ambitious
youths.
The NYA's plan for these youths will be ranked as a student aid project and merely will consist of paying them wages for doing work on their own houses. This will permit the money to buy cement.
The building program will have a second purpose as far as government officials are concerned. The young Indians, fresh from school, usually are full of enthusiasm and eager to institute reforms in reservation life. But, handicapped by lack of funds, they begin to forget about improvements and lose the spirit of progress instilled in them at government schools. By enc our-oging house-building, officials hope to prevent the loss of such a spirit
I with to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure
a
g
sT

ï
7
1
mm
7

FERGUSON
highest market prices.
NORRIS R HORNER,
Si
nor •
S Y S T I M
j
E

Licensed Fur Dealer Show ville, Que.
i f
*
# #
WHEEIAESS IMPLEMENTS
I Ir ne 43
r
tz# s
g
«8

s
A new value in sleeping comfort Slumber King Mattress by Simmons
Furniture Department and this wonderful mattress
G. A. Howard & Son
Cornerstone in Safe
from the parapet of a
$19.95
A stone
bridge on the River Finn at Pinner, England, will be taken from storage London bank and replaced in
The stone,
Quebec
Shawville
in a
I the rebuilt structure.
' commemorating the bridge s renew! ai in 1723, vanished recently from the office in which it was stored. ! Officials accepted the explanation
: intil needed.
Visit our Modern
see
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
O
can do as well and
Why patronize Catalogue Houses when you
better here
1
even
o
North Carolina Tcv/n
Is ‘Zoned* for Leafng
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.
Ben Franklin Issued
Swimming Instruction
The Franklin Institute of Philadelphia points out that Benjamin Franklin, printer, patriot, states-and scientist, once considered
Feed Prices
Citizens of Louisburg, N. L , are inclined to believe that life, lit city and the pursuit of happiness includes the privilege of a bit uf pu j-lie leisure. Louisburg ha? gur.e to bat for its citizens and country people who like to stop on the street and talk about politics, the war and hunting.
Along a couple of busy streets . the sidewalks have been marked ofl in three lanes. Center lane is strictly for walking purposes—the outside lanes are for the innocent idling which is part of the pleasure
A fexv benches
i
Write for
..... $2.45
Ideal Lay Mash, per cwt... Ideal Hog Grower, per cwt Moulee. per cwt... Middlings per cwt
Feed Wheat, per cwt
2.00
man
.browing it all over to open a swimming school in London.
According to ore of his letters, he .vas a great believer in the benefits :f swimming and had a method of .caching others the sport.
Franklin wrote to a friend who wanted to know how to swim and .old him that confidence was the :rst essential. To gain confidence, Franklin advised, the friend should walk into the water where it deep-gradually, and turn and face he shore when the level reached he chest. Then drop an egg in the water between that point and the ihore, Franklin said.
_______ ________________ ‘Then plunge under it (the water)
Fypy i f i fi tie aw IT wn ¦ l lllfl 11 it El fli a 11 i 113 Vlth your eyes open, throwing yourself toward the egg,” he wrote, “and îndeavoring by the action of your lands and feet against the water o get forward till within reach of it.
In this attempt you will find that he water buoys you up against your nclination; that it is not so easy a hing to sink as you imagined; that cannot but by active force get
town to the egg.
In this manner you will feel the ,-ower of the water to support you.”
1.25
Phone, 278
1.65
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
•••••••
• • • • • • •

• •#••••• I •
1.70
two
of a southern town, are placed in the loafing space.
Under , Louisburg’s system, farmer come to town to-sell his tobacco is in no danger of being pushed around by hurrying Saturday afternoon crowds. Upon meeting his friends from the next county, the group simply steps over into the loafing zone, and there, protected by law and manners, they may chin to their hearts' content.
MacLean’s
?ns
a
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
• 9
Serves—The Buyer Saves
The Owner
TH-E
< I
19c
Falcon Baking Powder, 16 oz
Falcon Cocoa, 1 lb. tin....
4 lbs. Rolled Oats.........
4 lbs. Ivory Flour ........
4 lbs. Wheatena ...........
2 Packages of Iodized Salt....
2 lbs. Clover Honey .
1 Large Bottle Sweet
4	lbs. No. 1 Spys Apples...
1 Large Tins Catelli’s Macoroni .... 19c
T Bottle Alymer Chili Sauce
1	ib- M.L. Rindless Bacon...
5	lbs. Red Onions
2	Tins Campbell’s Tomato Soup 2 Tins Alymer Tomato Juice ..
Half Dozen Salt Herrings ....
1 Pkg. Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour 19c 1 lb. Creams or Chocolates Candy 19c
No Honking, Please
Horn honkers are on the spot in Spokane. Police Judge Frank Yuse has a distinct aversion to such practice He fined C. L. Atkinson $1 for each of three toots on his car horn and said Atkinson’s desire to attract a friend’s attention was no
excuse.
19c
4 4
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
19c
19C
Rot/ G. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
rou
19c

* 4
19c
Flowers,
The all year round tonic for both children and
Tones up the
19c
19c
Pickles
World’s Earliest Records
Convicts have fenced in a site
îear Klerksdorp, vhere in the opinion of Professor /an Riet Lowe, archeologist, his-began to write its records
On this site are
Rhone 160
Musk and Perfume
Musk is the name originally given to a perfume obtained from the strong-smelling substance secreted in a gland by the musk-deer. This gland is present beneath the skin of the abdomen in the male only The sac contains a dark brown substance of the consistency of moistened gingerbread, perfume the animal is killed and he gland completely removed and tried. It appears in commerce as iither “musk in the pod," that is in the whole gland, or “musk in grain” in which the perfume* has been ex traded. Good musk is of a dark purplish color, dry, smooth and une ? ai: \ bitter in taste, icent \i> not only more penetrating but more persistent than that of any other known substance,
19c
South Africa,
adults, whole system generally, and good tasting, too.
19c
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
ory
19c
150,000 years ago.
•eck engravings of a rhinocerous, in elephant, a zebra, giraffe, geese n flight, and other animals done >y a primitive race. The ridge of •ed boulders has been declared a latior.al ' monument.
“The engravings are the finest in South Africa,” the archeologist “They belong* essentially to
. . •• f
On
19c
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
e**t*## #####»"«»»
,,*»»#****«***»"*
• #
19c
To obtain the
us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect
19c
19c
THE CORNER STORE
and we shall prepay.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
ays.
he Stone age.
A curious find is a grooved stone •vidently used as an arrow sharp-
Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
Phone anytime between 7mm
«tad 11 p.m.
Its
«•jo
•ner.
*
I
###PAGE###6###

with ii view to their adaptation to the specific environment. Information regarding the most suitable varieties for any particular district (tin be obtained from the nearest experimental station.
Adapt To Environment
In presenting his report to the members of the Experimental Union. I>r. G. P. McRostie stated that varieties
Rodent Breaks Monkey’s Heart
Can##»" Firms Are Busy Building Planes For R.C.A.F.
should be chosen

McGill University Monk Adopted Rat Who Proved to be Ungrateful
| This Curious World
¦-—--------------- -
By WillUm Ferguson
Unrequited affection brings unhappiness to monkeys as well as to human beings, it seems. Minnie the Monk, as she is popularly known in Buildings, Montreal, is languishing these days in her cage quite unlike her usual self.
Minnie unfortunately “took up” with a rat about a month ago when the latter entered her cage in search of foed. She expended all her pent-up maternal love on her now-found friend and with great tenderness held the rat in her arms while she regaled it with the finest morsels of her food.
RAT WILL BE PUNISHED
The rat, a white experimental specimen, grew fat. With his hunger for food satisfied, he began to shun Minnie’s cage. lie forgot that elemental virtue—gratitude. Minnie, however, has not forgotten. She looks each day for lier fosterchild, and each day her spirits droop lower.	e
Minnie has the sympathy of laboratory attendants who vow that Sammy the rat will “do right by our Minnie” or else. The “else” means a complete and final experiment for Sammy.
!?>
s
the McGill Medical
ANTONIN
% DVORAK'S
HUMORESQUE
WAS WRITTEN FOR THE
PIANO/
IT oXl N ED
«
1





MM
«%

Hii
x
ITS PRESENT POPULARJTV UNTIL
KROSLER.
arranged
IT FOR THE
VIOLIN.




a

i m

m


c -*\ ô







V

!»
.
•••
Canada’s air force is rapidly being expanded to meet the war emergency and to give 100 per cent, cooperation to the British Commonwealth Air Training scheme, which is now getting under way. Designed for photographic work, speedy Northrop Deltas are being built at the Vickers plant in Montreal fop. the K.U^ These planes are fast, all-metal low-wing monoplanes which can carry a crew of six and. attain a speed of toiles per hour. In addition to these planes, huger Stranraer flying boats are also being built at the Vickers plant. These huge boats carry five men and have a range of 2,000 miles and are the biggest planes built m
Canada,	1
;


OAits/Cd TOGETHER. DURING THE
o
K >
x
COURTSHIP SEASON/ ABOVE IS

SHOWN THE; R. "PENGUiK? DA MCE. "
r
R.C.A.F. Personnel Chief


loyalty to him. 22. And when they heard it. they marvelled, and left him, and went away.
THE GREAT COMMANDMENT
is characterized by Jesus as hypocrisy, i.e., the spirit of untruthfulness in religion and life). 16. And they send to him their disciples. with the Herodians, saying, Teacher, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, and carest not for anyone; for thou regardes! not the person of men. (The Herodians were not a religious sect, but a court or political party, supporters of the dynasty of Herod. They early perceived that Christ’s pure spiritual teaching of the kingdom of God was
leal aims, fluence with the people was antagonistic to their interests). The Her-odians’ purpose here was to trap Jesus, not to gain information.
17. Tell us therefore, What think-est thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? ‘'Tribute” means poll-tax; But Jesus
perceived their wickedness, and said, Why make ye trial of me, ye hypocrites? 19. Show me the tribute-money. And they brought unto him a denarius. 20. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? (On one side of the coin were stamped the features of the Emperor Tiberius; on the obverse his title of Pontifex
Maximus). 21. They say unto him. Caesar’s. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God’s. The true basis for citizenship implied here is devotion to God, and no political theory or party allegiance can be taken for a substitute for
SEVERAL DECADES AGO, WERE.
m
I ^ i
Sunday
School
Lesson

GIVEN SPACE IN NEWSPAPERS OVER. THE ENTIRE COUNTRY/ EVERY INSECT BITE WAS CREDITED


34. But the Pharisees, when they heard that he had put the Saddu-cees to silence, gathered themselves together. 35. And done of them, a lawyer, asked him a question, trying him. (The great sphere of the activities of the lawyers was the law as it was contained in the Scripture or handed down traditionally; they gave instruction in the law. and trained disciples; they interpreted and developed the law).
m
TO THIS BUG/ AS A MATTER. OF

FACT, IT SELDOM BITES HUMANS
»
1 <


CONi 1f37 IY	SCMY'Ct. I MX_______________£
COURTSHIP displays arc common among the animal world. Great crested grebes have various rituals, among them the seldom seen penguin dance shown above, during which the participants present one another with leaves and weeds. Other ceremonies include feather preening and head shaking activities

m
à
#

5
\

LESSON VII GOOD CITIZENS AND NEIGHBOURS Matt. 22:15-23:39
Printed Text, Matt. 22:16-22, 3440 Golden Text: “Thou shall love thy neighbour as thyself.” Matt. 22:39 THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time
Tuesday of Passion Week.
Place
far ffom the temple, possibly within the temple area.
THREE QUESTIONS It was customary for any one who desired to ask questions of a rabbi in public, even interrupting him at pleasure. 15. Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might ensnare him in hie talk. (The Pharisees were essentially a religious party, fanatically opposed to whatever was non-Jewish. They sought to attain purity and holiness by the most rigorous end scrupulous observance of the written law and the unwritten traditions down to the tiniest detail. They were soul of the opposition to Jesus, opposing him on national and religious grounds. Their spirit
irreconcilable with their polit-and that Christ’s in-
£
NEXT: How many forms of mammals arc known to science today?
86. Teacher, which is the great commandment in the law? 37. And he said unto him. Thou shall lore the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. 38. This is the groat and first commandment. 39. And a second like unto it is this. Thou shall love thy neighbor as thyself. 40.
On these two commandments the whole law hangeth, and the prophets. The teaching of Jesus here rests upon two well-known passages in the Pentateuch, Deut. 6:5. and Lev. 19:18. If we really love the Lord with all our heart, we will do voluntarily and gladly a’.! the things which are divinely commanded. and will naturally refrain from doing those things which the
oyal
OUTLINE MAP
April 4 of A.D. 30, the
Jerusalem, probably not
#
Group Captain Harold Edwards has been .appointed chief of the K.C.A.F. He succeeds Air Commodore W. R. Kenny, who goes to Washington as air attache at the Canadian legation.
21 Aptitude.
23	To put on.
24	Part of its population is
Answer to Previous Puzile
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured is the map
I


H
V I
of

Ifil
7 This kingdom's ruler.
13	Large constellation.
14	Farewell:
16	Wireless music box.
17	To tic.
18	Lawn.
20	Court.
21	Circle part.
22	To scatter hay
24	Musical note.
25	Three.
26	Grief.
27	Vocal composition.
20 Pig sty.
30 To eject.
32 Public excitement.
34 Ethical.
36	Sleeper's couch.
37	Enhancement
41 To strike
with the hand.
43 Conceited.
161
W
L- 25 Sum.
E 27 Russian villages.
28	Bucket.
29	Seed bag.
31 Volume.
33 Reanimates, 35 To drink
dog-fash ion. 37 Membranous

IflQ
I L
T
6
ATI
FARM
NOTES
A

CALVIN
!


S
THE FARM FRONT PLANS CAMPAIGN
Lord prohibit?. Love is the law."
“i
m
AR
UAiWlY^P
i
bag
Quality farm products for wartime export indicate the basis on which the 1940 new crop year enters its initial preparation stage, G. K. Snyder, soil chemist.
haircut.
2 Genus of
44 Spanish. 46 Peaceable
49	Before Christ.
50	Venerable
38	3.1416.
39	Half an cm.
40	This land is famous for its
Writes About Blockade
evergreens.
3	Cotton staple
4	Deity.
53	Storms.	5	Within.	42	To analvze.
54	Bitter herb.	6 Residue from	43	view.
56	Unit.	pressed grapes 45 Needy.
57	Icy rain.	7	For fear that.	47	To summon.
58	Lion.	8	Either.	48	Lawyer's
59	Its largest 9 Father.	charge.
city.	10 Alleged force. 49 Rude person.
60	The father of	u	Measure. *	51	God of r!r .
its present	12	To accomplish	52	Thing,
king.	15	Go on (music)	54	Vestment.
55 Sheltered place.
says
Good food is first class ammunition in any war and more particularly in a war of nerves, front line fighters and the civilian 1 copulation in the war area need the best we can send them.
Don't Sacrifice Quality The objective is not entirely unselfish. however, but lias a foundation in the mistakes of the first world war when quantity production was pushed at the expense of quality. Dr. E. S. Archibald, Director of the Dominion Experimental Farms, illustrated this point very forcibly at the Ontario Experimental Union Meeting, when he drew attention to the fact that it had taken Canada the whole of 20 years since 1918 to regain the confidence of the British consum-for Canadian bacon. Disregard of soil fertility and the growing of grain on sub-marginal lands are some of the other mistakes that should be guarded against. New scientific knowledge of matters pertaining to the growing of field crops and the feeding of livestock potent assets in the present f programme. Higher yielding varieties of rust resistant wheat, such as Renown, and of oats or Vanguard; better type bacon hogs, with a greater supply of good breeding stock available, are foundation factors for the necev
fine
The
I
8#
I

-
NOTES
RADIO
m

NEWS
AND
18	Woe.
19	Dressmaket
VERTICAL
1 Woman's
By MADGE ARCHER
10:30 pin., CBL Power, Pulp and Pape», talk by K. A. McKach * Feb. 17, 9:00 p.m., ( BL. Hockey . . .	10:00 p.m„ CBV, CBL, NBC,
Symphony under Bruno Walter . . . Feb. 18,	2:00	p.m.. CBL, Ilart
House String Quartet ... 2:30 p.m. CFRB, So You Think You Kuow Music . . . 3.00 p.m., CFRB, N. Y. Phil. Orchestra . . 8:30 pm. CBL, Ope Man's Family . . , Feb. 19, at 12:30 p.m., CBL, Ontario Farm Broadcast ... 7:45 p.m., CBL, “European Reminiscences" a talk by Frederick Birchall . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, Symphony Concert from-Montreal in aid of the Red Cross . . . . Feb. 20, 8:30 p.m., NBC, Information Please . . . 9:00 p.m.. CBL, Reginald Stewart . . . 9:30 p.m., CBL, Fibber McGee and Molly . . . 10:00 p.m, CBL, CBY, Toronto Symphony Orchestra under Sir Ernest MacMillan . . . Feb. 21, 8:80 p.m, CBL, Serenade for Strings . . . . 9:30 p.m.. CBL, Percy Faith’s Music . . . 30:00 p.m,, CBL, All Saints’ Boys' Choir from Winnipeg.
ONTARIO WEEKIES ON AIR
Listeners on the Ontario network of the CBC are hearing a new type of news broadcast every Sunday from 10:00 to 10:15 a.m., BST., when “Neighborly News", a programme of the ' tere-sting happenings in the province's towns and villages and rural districts goes on the air.
Material for the programme is secured from the weekly newspapers of Ontario, and broadcast by Andy Clarke, whose “Good evening friends," opened the news broadcast of the Globe for five years. Mr. Clarke is a former news editor
v
:
o
• • «
c

4
5
I
k.
y
8
7


n
20
\

r*
LA
cO
.ID
—Elliot & Fry
Sir William Beveridge, author of “Blockade and the Civilian Population" (Oxford Pamphlets on World Affairs), has been Master of University College, Oxford since 1937; held important economic posts under the government in the last war (including that of Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Food), and was Director of the London School of Econom-from 1919 to 1937. lie is the
author of many standard works
on economic subjects.
er
19
28
27
<3*
33
32
31
30
0
39
Jn
»
36
35
34
of the Globe.
“Neighborly News" tells of the events which transpire in the rural communities and towns of the province. These are of interest to tin •and# of listeners in the cities as well as the smaller centres programme Is presented through he co-operation of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association.
EXPERIMENT IN OPERA
An experiment in operatic broadcasting will he conducted by the CBC, on Friday, February 22, when a cut and adapted version of "Carmen" will be presented from tli# Montreal studios from 8 to 9:00 pm., with Anna Malenfant in the title role. Don Jose will be sung by Jacques Gerard, Escamtllo by Lionel Daunais and Michels by Thereto Drouin Jobiu will be supported by a railed cbolr of 30 voices and an orc hestra of 50 musicians. The whole will be under the direction of Jean Marie Beau-det, noted French Canadian conductor and pianist and Quebec Regional Program Director of
CBC.
3
42
!
are
49
-j?
48
'4 45
46

K 1-ban
55
54
53
51
D
3
Tli®
,
8
57
56


ICS
a m
T
sary expansion.

By J. MILLAR WATT
POP Not So Dopey
- i

DIO XXJ 60 TO
SNOW IWITC'S
PARTY?
I THOUGHT
GRUMPY
was missing:
t
:
no# r ;
The cast
Q
V
Y
X
o



38



r

the
a/

...
/


7

TO BE HEARD
14, 8:00 p.m.,
Hniis# of Variety fra» Toronto . ..
, OBL Along %A# Boule-
Ytfi wits LwieW D *	• •
fM.N


CBL. CBC,

i
f #D


5 20



jftfjkjl Syndirsts, I nr #

#10 I» ®,
###PAGE###7###
Finns Known As Magicians
Hitler’s Yacht Detained Them In Mid-Ocean
#
What Science
:i


?
9



Nordic Sagas Include Many References to Wizardry of Northern Race, Says the Moncton Transcript
Nordic sagas ere full of references to those sorcerers, the Finns, says the Moncton Transcript. In the days before James III, of Scot-lar received the Orkney islands as a dowry with Uaggaret of Norway, when the great anchorage of Scapa Flow, which could hold all the navies in the world, knew only Viking ships, it is possible that the tradition was carried to Scotland, for an oil Scotch balla-l tells us That:
“A Finn com ower fra Norroway Fir ta pit tothache away.”
We have no explanation to offer as to why Norse sailors attributed magic to the Finns, except the obvious. If anyone is to be presented popularly with uncanny powers it is commonly one of unusual ap pearance, and so perhaps a first Finn was chosen because of his non-Nordic aspect. In those ancient days ships did not have polyglot crews and lascars if not landlubbers were not seen in European waters. Indeed a "lascar” seems to have meant originally one attached to the "lashkar” or army and presumably he was not even a marine.
British sailors were long unwill-

is
1

Doing
Ta

i

"***• " 4»fcr5Lw6<wi»»wi«*%|*-
<


MAGNIFIES 33,000 TIMES
Scientists have succeeded in taking photographs of germs magnified as many as 33,000 times their normal size, it is revealed in the Canadian Medical Association Journal.

w,
THAT'S EASY
A*

-WW
<
aW






*4
X

BIG BEN!
4 +Àt*:iP
am

%
The instrument used to achieve this magnification* is the electron microscope, constructed in the Department of Physics by J. Millier and A. Presbus, research assistant*, under the direction of Dr. K. K. Burton, head of the department at the University of Toron-

Wi
/
'
/
atn
¦





»
»

v
»

i
to.
28,000
The magnification is times greater than that of the ordinary microscope. University researchers express hope they will be able to photograph viruses never seen by the eye.
The new microscope is being used also to photograph blood, in the hope that . changes denoting the presence of cancer may be detected much earlier than by present diagnosis. It also is hoped that effect of drugs upon pneumonia may be gauged, particularly on the fatty, protective covering of this germ and of tuberculosis.

The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco


ing to risk their hides in a ship which included Finns among the crew. They do not seem to have anything against the Finns individually but they did object to the unavoidable Intimacy in a ship with wizards who play poker with the devil and use human lives ss the chips In the game.
STOPPED
QUICKLY

V
iïm
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
Boris Lindholm, Erne Karlsaau, and Heîmer Gustavson (L. to R.) officers aboard the Finnish freighter, Siggy, arriving in New York, told bow they had been halted in mid-Atlantic by Adolf Hitler g personal yacht, the Asico Grille, TOP, and ordered to Stettin, Germany, where Buy were held for twenty-one days. They said the Azico Grille has been turned ever to the navy and outfitted as a raider.
SEED FOR SALE
FILMS — PRINTS
AGENTS WANTED
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with each order. Films developed and printed by experts. 26c: reprints 10 for 25a. Nu Way Photo Service. Station "A" Toronto.	_______ .
GOVERNMENT TESTED SEEDS
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
from (grower to sower) shipped in sealed bags, properly mixed for a, wonderful Hay or pasture crop. Red Clover. Alslke, Timothy, mtx-, $13.26 per 100 lbs. Freight paid, bags free, Mlsncr Seeds, Port Dover. Ontario._________,_
127 HOMEWORK PLANS
BE I OUR OWN BOSS. THESE plans can oe worked anywhere. Particulars free. Guardian Exchange. 971 College St„ Toronto.
Letters For Hitler Taken From Mails
lure
II4HIM Al'I'l K IMEKS


SHOES - WORKING GARMENTS. Sell Dress and Work Shoes. Sports and Service Boots, also Men s Working Garments. Free selling
Step-Easy Dame
HARDY APPLE TREES — 50 UTS. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nursery, growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals. Write Immediately requesting sensation, al offerings Tohe's Treery. Nln-fhe.|.nke Ontario
SOLDIER’S HONOR ROLL AND CERTIFICATE
1.	What should a young man do when at a party or other affair, and he finds himself next to a girl to whom he has not been introduced?
2.	Is it all right for a bride to have the initials that will be hers when married, placed on her silverware and linen?
3.	Should a napkin be held above the edge of the table when unfolding it?
4.	What sized tip should one give for services in a beauty salon?
Three letters addressed to Adolf Hitler have been removed from airmails travelling from the United States to Kurope by way of Bermuda, censorship officials disclosed.
The chief censor would not reveal their contents. They were addressed, respectively, to “Herr Adolph/1 “Chancellor Hitler,” and “Fuehrer.”

Have Yon Heard
HONOR ROLL OR CERTIFICATE of service, beautifully designed every province and unit represented. Size 16 x 22 In 7 colours, suitable for framing, space for photograph and scroll for nerra-anent record. Every soldier’s home needs one. Mailed to any place In Canada, $1.00. E. Mackintosh, photographer and copywriter 69 Granby Street. Toronto___________
equipment, bonuses. Shoes. Rcg’d . 3167 Notre West. Montreal.___________

1
enn on
are iol planning a new
KIT# HEN OR IIATHROOMf
—““«Ton
ICE-LOADERS
TAIT ICE-LOADERS, WONDERFUL capacity, strong, practical, durable. easily moved. John Tait, Iron Brldee. Ontario. ___________
__ LATEST
to home modernizing: easily and quickly applied; attractive color combinations for kitchen, oath* Toora. Edmund Hind Lumber Co„ Ltd. 2u7?t Danforth Ave.. Toronto, or your Local Lumber Dealer.
THE
The salesman stopped it the house end asked the lady if he eeuld Interest her husband in an electric razor.
"He might be interested in your razor,” she remarked, “for he shaves close onto once a year.”
“Shaves once a year!” echoed the salesman. ”1 never heard of anything like it.”
The lady nodded. “He used to shave twice a year,” she drawled. “But that was when we had lady lodgers.”
LEGHORN# FOR SALE
TWELVE REMNANTS — 11.00
BECKER STRAIN. SINGLE COMB dark brown Leghorns, males $3.00, trios $6.00. Henry Becker. Waterloo. Ontario.______________________
ALL WOOL REMNANTS — FINEST men's suiting material, minimum size 9" by 56" and larger. Mailed Collect Money-back Guarantee. Aronoff Bros.. Ltd., 27tA Demon* tigny East. Montreal.
IIAllV CHICK#
BABY CHICKS, ALL $3 PER HLND-red. Barred Rocks. White Leghorns. R. 1. Reds. VVyandottes. New Hampshire». February and March delivery. Carlton Hatchery, Britannia Heights, Ont.
HEALTH
TOPICS
MILKING MACHINES
5.	When eating in a public place, and the waiter passes a dish, should one say, “No thank you,” or merely “No”?
6.	isn’t it poor taste for a husband or a wife to make fun of the other when in company?
Answers
Say, “I am Ralph Wilson. I do not believe I have met you before.” 2. Yes. Many modern brides do this. 3. No. The napkin should -be unfolded cn the lap. 4. If the services do not exceed three dollars, twenty-five cents *is sufficient. If more than three dollars, one may apply the ten per cent rule. 5. One should say, “No thank you.” Courtesy is never out of place. 6. Yes; even when done jokingly it is not good form.
GRADE "A" MILKER MILKS TWO cows at once Into separate containers. No pulsators. No old-fash-loned pipelines. Write to-day. William E. Bawden. 21 Quebec Ave.. Toronto. _	__________________
USED CLOTHING
SENSATIONAL BARGAINS IN USED clothing! Write for big. free Illustrated catalogue on Men's, Ladles' and Children's used clothing. Gowdy’a Mail Order Department, 337 Notre Dame Avenue. Wlnni-__peg. Manitoba _______
POPULAR
SUPERIOR CHICKS. 6
breeds from 8c up. 3 week livability guaranteed. Growing pu!-, lets, 3 week 25c, 5 week 35c. Catalogue free. Superior Hatchery, Box 2 A Lin wood. Ontario.
MACHINERY FOR SALE
ACID STOMACH A MYTH
Acid stomach is largely a myth and calls for rearrangement of living habits rather than the use of alkaline preparations, according to Prof. Chester M. Jones of Harvard Medical school.
‘Hyperacidity,” he said in a lecture, “usually is only a supposed chemical disorder of the stomach” and taking medicine is not the way to attack the fundamental cause, which is “usually one of improper dietary or living habits.”
A NATIONAL OBJECTIVE
“Education is the most potent weapon in the campaign of prevention of ill health arising from faulty or defective diet and nutrition.” Pointing this out to a large audience in Toronto, Hon. Ian Mackenzie, Dominion Minister of Health, endorsed and launched a project undertaken by the Health League of Canada to advise women on the right foods to use. Practical demonstrations in cooking arc to be given in a number of city schools. The syllabus for the course of instruction has been s< ientifically developed and when the success of the project is known, it is intended to outline the technique adopted, for the benefit of any part of Canada desirous of undertaking similar work.
The field of nutrition, said tho Minister of Health, was above all the one in which Canadians, as individuals, could learn the most with the greatest benefits to themselves.
“We need health in our armed forces,” he continued. “We need health in the nation and we can achieve it only by having health in the home. Victory in the field will be a hollow achievement in this war if all that remains is a devitalized home land. We must not let down our health standard. On the contrary, if we are to be worthy of our fighting men we must strive to go forward in our war against ill-health.”
During the last fifty years no animal plagues such as Foot and Mouth diseases, rinderpest or pleuro pneumonia have occurred among Canadian live stock.
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd.. 64 Front St West. Toronto._______
—0----
“You promised to be good,” cold the mother reproachfully.
“1 know,” said the small hoy; “but it was only a Hitler promise.”
WATCHMAKING
BRAY CHICKS SHIP SAFELY ANYwhere. Early orders mean earlier profits. 19 varieties. Started chick» 1-4 weeks; 3 week old capons to order. Catalogue. Bray Hatchery. 130 John St. North, Hamilton.
LEARN WAT
CHMAKING AT HOME Beginners' outfits from $5. National Watch. Regina, Sask.
MEDICINE
LYONS
February Clearance Sale New & Reconditioned
SUCCESSFUL SCIENTIFIC STOMach Remedy healed many obstinate vases. User states: “For years I was troubled with gnawing pain below breastbone. It caused gas and bloating. I tried many remedies, but my only relief was soda, and that for short time only. After meals It didn't bother me for few hours; then if I ate something it. stopped coming again after some time. The pain bothered me worse at night. After taking three bottles of Dr. McLeod’s Stomachic I was free from pain. I kept on improving and have now been well for six years and enjoying my meals without medicine." If you cannot buy Stomachic at the Drug Store, write Dr. McLeod's Stomachic Co., 553 Bathurst, Toronto.	_
QUALITY COUNTS! TWEDDLE Chl<*ka are noted for quality, the chicks live, grow and pay. Our enormous production enables us to eell these high quality chicks for less. 13 pure breds, 5 cross breds to choose from. Leghorns ms low as $8.95, Barred Rocks, New Hampshtres as low as $9.45. Ask about three week old capons. Free • catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatch-erW. Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
ItOOK-I.OVEKM
The foreman of a gang of railway men had more than his share of Irish wit.
One day he was walking along Me section of the line when he found one of his men fast asleep in the shade of s hedge. Eyeing the man with a smile, he said:
“Slape on, ye idle spalpeen, •lape en. So long as ye slape ye’ve got • Job, but when ye wake up ye’re out of work.”
“I’m aure you’ll forgive me, y dear,” said the expansive woman to her guest, “if 1 go on with my knitting while you ore talking. Then 1 shan’t feel I’m wasting my time.”
—0—
Even in these days economy can be overdone. If you doubt it, listen to the Rev. E. Strecte, Vicar of Aahford, Middlesex, England. Here’s his appeal from the pulpit the other Sunday:
“I have no objection to buttons being put in the offertory plate, but please do not take them off the hassocks.”
FURNITURE
OutsianilinK Value* that will Impel
ye»* to buy bow for later require-
ment*.
Free Storage
DINING ROOM BARGAINS
$18.50 — SOLID OAK DINING ROOM suite, buffet, extension table and six leather upholstered chairs.
$39 — NiNE-PIBCB DINING SUITE, buffet, china cabinet, extension table and six leather upholstered chairs, perfect condition.
$59 — MODERN ENGLISH OAK dinette suite (floor sample), buffet, extension jack-knife leaf table and four chairs, In red leather.
$89 — MODERN ENGLISH OAK dining suite, (floor sample, regifs lar $139). beautifully carved buffet, extension table, china cabinet and six chairs upholstered in red leather.
$6.75 — LARGE ASSORTMENT OF odd buffets and extension tables, in oak and walnut finishes.
BEDROOM BARGAIN#
$3.95 —	100 MATTRESSES. ALL
sizes, deeply packed with fresh cotton, closely tufted, roll edgra. in good quality floral art ticking. No t„\ <). D. orders.
$6.95 AND UP. LARGE ASijORT-ment of dressers, in walnut, birch and enamel finishes.
$49 — BEAUTIFUL FOUR-PIECE bedroom suite, In two»tone walnut finish, dresser, vanity, chiffonier and full size bed, completely refinished.	X
$05 — BEAUTIFUL LARGE WALnut bedroom suite, completely ro. finished, dresser, chiffonier, vanity, bench, full size bed. Sagless spring and new mattress.
$129 — (REPOSSESSED). BEAUT!-ful walnut bedroom suite (used one month, cost $199), large dresser. vanity, chiffonier, full size bed and Sagless spring, guaranteed perfect.
tllESTEII FIELD B WIG Al NS
$39 — FLOOR SAMPLE, chesterfield bed, upholstered in good quality brown repp, has large wurdrobo compartment for bedding.
$39 — COMPLETE LIVING ROOM outfit (10 pieces, 3-piece cheater-field suite, upholstered in brown repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions, bridge lamp and silk shade, walnut end table, silk cushion. table lamp and shade, and modern metal smoking stand.
$31.9.7
chairs, large assortment of covers, full Marshall spring cushions.
Ht G SPECIALS
SEAMLESS QUALITY. ORIENTAL modern and conventional patterns. In Ax mi listers, W iltons, Broild-looms and tapestries. In moat all sizes, at pre-war prices.
ODD PIECES
$39	— MODERN BREAKFAST*
suites, buffet, table and six chair* In waterfall design; your choice of color combinations.
$9.95 AND UP. UAH STOVES, 1 & 4-burners, thoroughly clean and guaranteed.
$10.50 — KITCHEN CABINETS, ÎN oak and enamel finishes, with sliding porcelain table tops, completely reconditioned.
$14.50	— 6-PIECE BREAKFAST
suite, buffet, drop-leaf table and buffet In good order.
Open Eveelnu*
Buy with confidence. All good* sold
Open Evening»
Hiding a wire in his false beard, a man concealed it until sent to prison in France for daring jewel thefts, and after he had escaped by picking the lock, guards found the wire and hair on the floor of his cell.
BOOKS ON ALL SUBJECTS. STAMP for catalogue. Berts Bookery, Box 76. Jarvis River. Ont.. Canada.
Ill II.D A HOME
6-ROOM BUNG AI AJ W S BUILT ON your lot for $2.500 on Govt. Loan. Terms of $250 down — $14.71 per month. York Heights Development Co.. 330 Rsv Street. Toronto.___
NURSERY STOCK
RARE ORNAMENTALS — HARDY Fruits. Plants expertly packed, arrival in good condition guaranteed. Express prepaid. Trees, shrubs, and hardy outdoor perennials. nearly 600 to choose from. Send for illustrated catalogue. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery. Drupmorc, Manitoba.
THE GREATER
lll’Sl%E*S OPPORTUNITY
BUTCHER BUSINESS. ELECTRIC machinery, large Kelvlnator refrigerator and complete fixtures in thriving town, sacrifice owing to sickness for $1,450, George Schindler, Tavistock. Ontario.
NORGE
OFFER TO INVENTOR#
% FOR 1940
\
. /
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free*. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Onrtfidn
HOGS FOR SALE
The Refrigerator with 5 Zones of Food Storage for Greater Protection of Health and Food
GREAT DANES. COCKER SPAN-1*1p, Irish Setters, Dalmatians. Wire Haired Terriers. Williams Pharmacy. Carleton Place, Ont.
PICTl RES
BATHING BEAUTY PICTURES. Drawing Chart.-», IJfc Photographs. Send stamp for lists. Box Ifl5. Regina. Sask.
• rFRsoVAT*
EDUCATION A L
m
0
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR
Matriculation. Short
•‘What’s the fundamental difference between # man and a woman?”
“A man will pay $2 for a Si article he wants, while a will pay SI for a $2 article she doesn't want.”
#
courses in Story. Journalism. Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your ¦pare time. Write today. Canad-Correspondence College, (established 1302) 229 Yonge Street. Toronto.
4
SC:
8
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF EASILY. Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free Bartlett's Box l Winnipeg
lan

>
ELECTRIC MOTOR*
u
HEPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH Liver troubles. Symptoms:
«
ELECTRIC MOTORS SUITABLE for every purpose. Jones & Moore Electric. 296 Adelaide Street W Toronto.	______________
and
Pains In right side, under shoulder blade» and across hips, indigestion, gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results In one day! Prlr*e $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Saskatoon. Sn.*k,
•I

FARM MACHINERY
MAKE ONE-WAY FROM DISC Harrow, levers unnecessary, enclose stamped envelope for particulars. M. T. Allan. Neville, Saak.
w,
PROPERTY FOR SALE
CALIFORNIA BED
165 ACRES GOOD LAND. 3% MILES C. N. Railway, mile frontage North Thompson river, 72 miles north Kamloops. Strawberry and mixed farming dletict. $800 cash. Lot 2626, K. D. Y. D.. Rainsford, Cadboro Ray 1\ O.. B.<\

A
S'
FISH AT WHOLESALE PRICES!
ALL VARIETIES. FRESH, FROZEN, ¦moked and salt fish. Write for complete price list. (No order too ¦mall). Standard Fish Co., 5181 St Lawrence. Montreal. ______
SEE THE NEW NORGE AT YOUR LOCAL DEALER’S


SALESMEN W ANTED
L
FISHING TACK1.K Oil SPORTING
GOODS
MAKE A DECENT LIVING 8ELL-ing 200 Familex every day necessities. Guaranteed quality. Low price. 900 Familex salesmen live with this agency. Company’s success depends on salesmen's. Twelve years of Increased business prove the possibilities buying In Familex Plan. For free details and catalogue: Familex, 679 fit. Clement, Montreal._______________________
*
FISHERMEN! SEND FOR OUR , larger, 1940 Fishing Tackle talogue, out March 10th. an Is, 171 Craig fit. W„ Montreal, uebec.
e
B.
i
THE SP
Z
1
A
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
usT sue i*

VfhoopinqÇp
J
:
SEED POTATOES
Used
New
l*ll
BUYING, SELLING, CAR LOTS. Truckloads. Table. Certified seed. Ontario*. Islands. Ask Hieeys, the rest potato dealers In 14 Front fit. E., Toronto.
*ti
«»¦ a i*o*lfixe lee of aatlafactlon.

SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS, Hydraulic
i
h*0F
Ontario,
lar
Lyons Furniture Co. 478 Yonge St.
TORONTO
Haleta. Wlnvhee. Geaerator#, Start-
B um9xk>u1X S
ere, Magee#**#, Cnrhuretore. Radial-Exchange Service, Glas» — Satlefartlon or refund.
MENTHOLATUM
It#
ISSUE NO. 7—4Q
Levy deto

, rowroitr n.*tiy
Parts, Avronto.
I
»
###PAGE###8###

Look Here
Wyman Women’s Institute
bed nnd were playing ground the stove in the kitchen. Karl picked up a splinter of wood and shoved the end of it iu the stove. When he nulled it ont the blazing *phn set tire to his night dress. I he parents were warned ,by IVirls brother who ran out to the barn crying * Earl’s on lire.”
They put out . called Ur. K. M. Hudson ot Quyon, who gave the boy emergency treatment for severe burns about the torso and abdomen and hau him i emoved to hospital.
The funeral service was held at the home of his parents on Friday afternoon. Feb*y 10th. Burial was made in Upper Eardley cemetery.
Wilson’s Garage
For Salt1, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
FOR SALE — About fifteen tons of loose hay. Apply to W. F. Pritchard, Wyman. Que.
The monthly meeting of XX y man Women’s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. XV. F. Pritchard, with an attendance of eighteen members and three visitors. Miss Abbie Pritchard presided, and the roll call was answered with a joke.
A report of the semi animal meeting of the Provincial Board held January 13th in Montreal was given, and business arising therefrom was taken up.
A hand hooked lug was shown
by Mrs. 11 Graham, and the rug demonstration was spoken of by several of the members. . e
Red Cross Work, consisting of ing and knitting, is being done
by the members.
A spelling match was a feature of the meeting, which was closed with singing of the National
Refreshments were i hostess, assisted by 1). Campbell and Miss E and a social hour followed
The Same Reliable Service
Overcoats
Still at
Low Prices
tei
Dodge and De Goto Sales and Service
the flames ami
FARM FOR SALK—Lot No. O Vi, on the 4th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing M acres, more or less. Eight-roomed brick house. New barn.
Apply to Donald Frasbr, 3j4 Waverley Street, Ottawa. Ont.
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
FOR SALE — Matched pair of black horses. French Canadian, mare and gelding, 3 and 4 years old ; also a number of grade Durham milch cows, some already freshened. Apply to Hilliard BeatTIB. Onslow Corners. Que. Phone, bhaw ville,
12—u.
J. P. Wilson
A fine range to choose from.
all shades and sizes.
Priced from $15.00 to $25.00
sew
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Rev. J A. Thompson Native of Bristol Dies at Needham
HOUSE KEEPER WANTED—RellftW# house kecpe* wanted immediately. Apply to Mrs. Jos. Hum. Qhawfillt.
served by v Mis. W.
M. Edey,
Rev James A. Thompson a former rectoi of St. Andrew’s Episco*
EUW. &1£Lyn7' H.»d Retain# Strang. Culture
chôme avenue, Needlmm, Mass De Chelly canyon is a twisted Mr. Thompson had resided in gorge 30 miles long and nowhere Needham since his retireront from more than one-fourth of a mile wide. St. Andrew's rectorship.	hidden away in the Navaho Indian
He was born in Bristol, vjue., reservation in northeastern Arizona, son of the late Richard lhompson Few arcas on the continent combine and his wile Maria Gilpin,	to such a degree the strange charms
SSipipl
lie received the degree of Bachelor Indians are Navahos, a nomadic of Arts.	tribe, alien in almost every respect
He entered the seminary of the from the Cliff Dweller ancestors of university to study for the min- the modern Pueblo Indians. It was istry and «took the S.T.L. degree the Cliff Dwellers who occupied the and was elected to the Phi Beta now ruined structures deep within Kappa, honorary scholastic fra- the canyon walls. The largest of terni tv. After completing studies these is the White House, at Divinity school he was ordained Only a few hundred Navahos to-a deacon by Archbishop Bond at ^ay occupy the canyon. They raise Trinity Church. Montreal.	com, melons, squashes and peaches,
His first palish was at Warden. and tencj their flocks much as did
msmmm
mer Emma J. McNeeland, and a and cattle, and ever since the com-
brother, Joseph Thompson, of ing of Coronado in 1540 the Navahos
Bristol, Que. He was a member have been expert horsemen.
of Alpha Lodge A.F. & A M. of The majority of visitors to De
Framingham.	Chelly canyon content themselves
The funeral service was conduct- with looking down from the lofty
ed from Christ Episcopal church, rjm to the life that goes on down
Needham, Friday afternoon, Jan y on the canyon floor 1,000 feet be-
26th, with Bishop Sherrill officiât ]ow They are particularly in-
ing, assisted by the rector. Kev. trigued by the unique system of
Hamlin Hall, and Rev.	communication which the Navahos
Black. Interment was made m
Mt. Prospect cemetery, Bridge
water, inehaige of Frederick A.
Cookson, of Framingham.
Indian Tribe in Arizona
the
FOR SALE - A quantity of good qu it.y pressed hny , some cows to exchan for voung cattle. Apply to B. C. Dah m Shaw ville. Phone 9Z-2.
DRY CLEANING
CARD OF THANKS
Mrs. Jas. Steele, Mrs. Robt. Hammond and Mrs. W. D. McCleary, wish to express their gratitude to many friends and neighbours for their acts of kindness and expressions of sympathy during the illness and death of their beloved half-sister, Mrs. Geo. Hodgins.
Metal Objects Produced By ‘Powder Metallurgy’
A new process for the manufacture of metal objects is now available to industry, writes Phillip H. Smith in the Scientific American. It permits the alloying of metals without the customary melting and casting, while entirely new compositions can be produced from such unrelated materials as metals and abra-
We send dry cleaning to Renfrew once a week, so bring your suits or dresses and< leave them here.
FOU SALE-A quantity of hay, chiefly alfalfa ; also two I3rood Sows duo Id farrow in Kebiuarv. Apply to Peter L. Thompson, R. 3 Shaw ville.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
FOR SALE— Matched pair of black Percheron Horses, rising 3 and 4 years. Apply to Alkx Latiiem, Caldwell, Que.
>
I
FOR SALE — Two brooder houses In good condition. 10 x 12 and 12 x 12. Apply to FonTER Jorrigan, R. 3, Shawvifle. Phone 29—2.
to
LOST-Between Charteris and Shaw-ville, return half of railway ticket between Montreal and Winnipeg, with name A. Bryans on it. Finder please notify Rev. K. C. Bolton, Charteris.
Shawville and District Branch of Canadian Red Cross Society
FOR SALE Table ; 1 China Cabinet 1 Portable Vietrola both in good working order ; 1 Dash Churn ; 1 Iron Bed ; 1 Dresser ; I Fire Extinguisher in good condition. Applly to Amky Barnett, Shawville.
Diningroom extension 1 Cabinet and
sives.
This process is called powder metallurgy; and although it has been known and used for more than 3 quarter century, it is only now coming into its own as a tool of production. In a matter which seems as simple as filling a physician's prescription (but isn’t) it provides your automobile with oilless bearings, clutch facings and spark plug inserts. It offers your home and your family radio tube parts, lamp filaments, dental alloys, warming-pad mixtures and permanent while to science and industry it contributes X-ray targets, have developed. Cut off by deep welding electrodes, grinding wheels ravines from quick access to their and other essential products, r e neighbors, they have developed a art, which is characterized by t e sort of tonal code. When they wish compression of metals in the non-<0 send messages to friends up or fluid state (powder), seems now to Clarendon Womens Institute 'Sown the canyon they do so by a be on the eve of further comrr.er-
ejeries of howls, pitched at tones, and cial expansion.
Clarendon Women s ListitutejjL intervals that conform to a code Developing satisfactory methods met at the home of Mrs. E H. M,perfectly intelligible to other Nava- for powdering and refining metals Shawville, on Tuesday evening. ^ but quite meaningless to a to approach some measure of stand-with Mrs. J. A. Hobbs presiding • man.	ardization has been a long process
Asa tribute to the memory of	*	and an essential step in the new
the late Governor General, Lord .	metallurgy
Tweed nmir, those present ob-	have come 11 basic processes. The
served a minutes silence.	| Vitamins in Manufacturing	grinding process produces powders
The secretary wasf	to , Vitamins may be used to reduce by crushing in stamp, ball or at-
pKgSTS *£@Lsre= Eœ-EEE
Tlfprnmeptine was under tbe started more than two years ago metals must be stamped. Atomiz-di recti on of Mrs Clarence Hayes, at the Mansfield plant of the West- ing, on the other hand, requires foreconvener of education.	inghouse Electric and Manufacture jng a thin stream of molten metal
Four members of the staff of ing company, Ralph F. Bisbee, chief through an orifice and then hitting Shawville High School took part inspector, reports. The vitamins it with a stream of steam or comma debate : “Resolved a teacher s are fed to workers who use their pressed air. This method permits place in the community, is a leader eyes intensively in color-matching a close control of powder size. Still of social and edifbational affairs ", processes. The employees were another process which permits close The affirmative was ably present- tested with a biophotometer which control is that of reduction from the ed by Messrs. J. Tolhurst and Ja< determined the rate at which visual compounds, in particular the oxides, Gordon while principal L. S. • purple, the active fluid in the retina chlorides and hydrides, using tern-Douglas and Mr. Ben Midlige made ^ yic eye js regenerated, and those peratures below that which will melt trong argument for the nega- ^ whom the rate was low received the metal, tive. s A decision by a narrow- Vitamin A. The number of rejected At the moment the leading appli-margin was granted in lavoui partg wag cut tQ one_third and the cation of powder metallurgy is in
wz a-. lEEfEBHE
hostess	---------bide tools, porous structures, elec-
BM—i l trical contact and electrode materials. But if it is true that a way has been found to get sufficient pressures with economy for large area work, and if the complex dies now in process of development and experimentation prove satisfactory, the way will be open for the manufacture of many more metal parts and products.
Continuation of last weeks announcement Finished work received at the committee room, various units, between shipments, will not be publicly acknowledged until articles are shipped to Ottawa Headquarters. These shipments will appear in detail m the
Equity as in last issue. The official receipt, however, will be forwarded to each unit as good* are received.
Owing to a shortage of supplies during the past few
weeks, it has been impossible to supp'y units with all materials desired. Supplies have been oldmed which
have been delayed in transit. It ,< exp- cted, however, that within the next few days stfficieut supplies shall be hand to meet the needs of all units
The following letters have been ler-eived from Head-
acknowledgement of the good- -hipped oil
from
FOR SALE—Several Colie Pups for kale. Heady for delivery now. Sl.UO'each Apply to KENNETH SMILEY. R.R No 1, Shaw ville. Que.
a
Pulpwood Wanted
I am prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood» F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways,, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
on
waves
quarters in February 8th, 1040
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que
February 13ih,	1940
Phone 76
The Secretary,
Shawville Red Cross,
Shawville, Quebec.
Dear Madam :
The Ottawa .Red Cross wishes to thank your society very sincerely for the large donation which you sent in to ns.
We appreciate your interest, the care with which the work was done, and the fact that you used your own materials.
Yours sincerely,
Ishbel Currier, Hon -Sec’ty
FOR SALE
f
“ 25 000 " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate. EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
*
Out of these labors
BRAY (HICKS
February ICtb, 1940
Shawville Branch, Reel Cross,
Shawville, Quebec.
We are extremely grateful for your very generous donation of Hospital Supplies and Knitted Articles for which we enclose receipts herewith.
Please accept our sincere thanks.
Yours faithfully,

D. C. Steacie,
Out-of-town Supply Committee.
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
We also publish this letter regarding labels and refugee clothing.
Placement of Red Gros* Labels and Size Tags
Size and Red Cross label* may be sewn on hospital supplies either by hand oi machine but preferably by machine. No labels are to be sewn on any knitted articles. On hospital supplies the labels are sewn as follows :
Pneumonia Jackets—Red Cross Label on inside of neck at back
Bed Jackets Hospital Gowns Surgeon’s Gowns Bedpan Cover ..
Slings .......
Binders.......
T Bandage ----
Hampton Pads..
Pyjamas.......
a 5
Shawville Women’s Institute
Mrs. Edgar Hod gins and Mrs. A. D. McCredie were the hostesses for the regular monthly meeting or Shawville Women's Institute, held at the home of the former on Monday evening, Feb’y 19th.
Mis» Irene Shaw, vice president, presided in the absence of the president, Mrs. Lawson Corrigan, The meeting opened by repeating
the Institute Creed. During the
business session it was decided to
make a donation to the Canadian Legion. A special message of sympathy was telegraphed to Her Excellency, the Lady Tweedsnmir, The program included an interesting address on “The Six Great Religions of Today", by Mr. li. P. Eades.
Roll call was answered by name-ing a Quebec County and what it is famous for

front
“ red tab at corner 41	1 corner of the long side
44 one corner at centre of the long strip in the corner
and size on inside of the neck at back of coat ; size label also on trousers inside at back.
0
=3
Shawville Agricultural Short Course
April 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1940
Refugee Clothing
An urgent appeal has been sent out for clothing to be made for the refugees. Anything you could make out of scraps and cutting of new material would be most gratefully received. This of course would mean mostly children’s clothes, children’s underwear, coats, sweaters, shirts, quilts made of scraps, etc.
We have no pattern or material fur these at the present time. The cutting and making would be left to your discretion Secondhand clothing cannot be shipped overseas, accept such clothing if in good condition, and it will be used for
refugees in Canada.
Subjects for five-minute speeches Public Speaking Contest
In Memoriam
In fund and loving memory of our dear daughter and sister, Winona Sharpe, who departed this life Feb. 21st,
1939.
We loved dear little Winona ;
But Jesus loved her more,
So He took her home to Heaven,
To that bright and peaceful shore. Because we are human and finite,
Our hearts are mourning her loss,
We miss her sweet smile with its sunshine,
We long for the sound of her We watched her suffer day by day,
And could not help in any way,
But just stood by and saw her pass Into the Savour’s arms at last.
Ever remembered by Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sharpe and family.
We will
Contestants, 14 years and under
1 —My Impressions of the Royal Train
2—	My Favorite Farm Animal.
3—	Vegetable Gardening.
4—	The Farm Chores.
5—	My Hobby.
0—	The Farm Poultry Flock.
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
1—	The Royal Visit of 1939.
2—	Rural Recreation.
3—	Song Birds
4—	Farm Bookkeeping.
5—	Keeping our Main Roads Open in the Winter
0—	The Rural Problem.
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
1-	How I Can Help Win the War.
-2—Adult Education.
3 —Exploiting our Agricultural Possibilities.
4—	What I Expect from the Farm.
5—	Efficiency on the Farm.
0-Bacon Hog Production.
James H. Colton Dies In Rouyn Hospital
Final ti ibute to the the memory of James 11 Colton who died in » Rouyn Hospital, on Thursday, February 15th, was paid at the funeral held at Fort Cou longe in the United Church on Sunday. Rev. L. O. Hunt officiated, anti interment was made in the adjoin-ing’cemetery.
Chief mourners and survivors were two nephews, Robert and George Colton, of Fort Conlonge, and three nieces, Helen and Jean Colton, of Fort Conlonge, and Mrs. Charles Hanson, of Hull.
Mr. Colton was born at Bryson, Que., in 1884, a son of the late Jas. Colton and the former Jennie Lunam. He moved to Ft. Conlonge when still a young man.
He was a Great War vetern, and Forester of Fort Conlonge Lodge, and was also a member of Pontiac Masonic Lodge ville.
Home Nursing Has Large Class
‘‘Home Nursing”, sponsored by the Canadian Red Cross Society and with its Shawville branch in charge of Mrs. S. E. McDowell and Mrs. Rueben Smith, assisted by the local doctors and other nurses of the district have been holding very successful
voice
M?S McDowell reports, sixty-five ladies enrolled. They have forwarded |(i0 00 to the Ottawa Headquarters, which amount is credited to the efforts of the district in forwarding the work of the
Bed Cross Society.	......	.	.
The meetings are being held each Wednesday evening in the
Shawville High School, with the present class finishing the course about the middle of March.
CARD OF THANKS
Rsv. T. E. R. Nurse, Sect y
We desire to express our sincere thanks to many neighbours and friends for their great kindness and expressions of sympathy during the illness and death of our beloved husband and
father
1 his night clothing caught fire from the kitchen stove in his home.
Earl and his twin brother and
times
Kardiey Boy Dies as Result of Burns
was a
Mrs. Peter Brownlee and Mr. and Mr* W. V. L. Corrigan and family.
Slmw
the

