###PAGE###1###
Ma^l/^é30
AlexOBfciee Brown
R 2 Bhgweüm1118
"%
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United Btatea
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 1909
I
No 38, 56th ïear
Order your thick early from Simwville Hatchery.
H W. HorxilNH, Proprietor Mr*. Donald Baker, spent the Compkau-At Shswville Commun-The Bristol Busy Bees will meet weekend with relatives in Ottawa, itv Hospital on Tuesday, March lit the home of Mrs. D. A. Macfar-1 Miss Isuhel Baskin, Reg. N., | fth. 1080, to Mr. and Mrs, Paul
Com peau, of Caldwell, Que ft son, Robert Glendou.
PERSONAL MENTION
Cowling
BORN
Shawville Hardware
Business College
I Miss hobel Hu-kin. Reg. N| lane on Friday, March 17th. at 2.80 visited her mother in Ottawa for
Programme—Election of the week end.
Roll cell- Payment of Dh R. E. Dagg, ut Montre*'.
I spent the week end with his
o'clock.
officers.
Stavp Wool) — Orders will be| relatives in town received by the undersigned for A number of items, including the stave wood at 75 cents per load County Council minutes, are held (approximately 11 cords) delivered over tor next issue.
In the village ; also orders taken Misa Olive Hudgins, Reg. N.. of
Sh.w.m. I	aSaM-e
mother, Mrs. Benjamin Judd.
Mr. Glenn Hodgins, of Ottawa,
--	| «pent the week-end at the home|	g|n., of Timmins, Ont , t
Clarendon Women’s Institute ^ his parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. | Kenneth Varncorabe Bews held their annual meeting Wed* Hodglns.
nesday afternoon of last week at Mrs. Norval Horner of Creelman, the home of Mrs. Wesley Hodglns. Saak., who has spent the past Mrs. Harry Hudgins, president, week with relatives in this district, was in the chair, assisted by Miss left Tuesday to visit relatives in Minerva Corrigan, secretary.	Montreal and district.
It was decided to donate a bed Mi** Margaret Caldwell, Noran-aide table to Shaw vi le Community c|rt| Q„e , attended the funeral of Hospital. Mrs. Clarence H*ye* her grandmother, Mrs. Benjamin
reiuf rii interesting paper entitled, Judd, on Wednesday afternoon of I The marriage wns quietly solem-. ^leasing feature^ the meet "*St	—------ %g^ sKwïillJ.^o^sSnrdây
sss	bnss. ftaj'fc*»1 J-OSCAR LAFLAMME
Corrigan, acrorapanits«l by the	--- Mr Ed. Tubman and the late Mis.
,h. „„„„	tüirt‘ stru'd,?„ri,sidgiS,:'.o,!S',,ni
s*"'ffj*v. ..‘“b Ærv”‘«ïid r""""'«»?***«£	! “a™, “te
:s!S“.,xï8£, ïîi'jJfrï	nu,e F-Foke* -,e-
Sid «EÊSiw II
1 i?St®îuVfrk«V * liliht °.tbep tvlem]s berp« H,e hopeful L blue crepe gown with white
X., of on, »ppmUtl£ .	£ W.'î’JlîT wi"l”	STtS: bh"	*,,d """"""
SSSSSI	ISSS
happiness tor the future.
Thr Members
The address was read by Mrs.
Harold Hudgins, and Mrs. R. H..	_________ m
Elliott made the presentation to Ottawa Curlers Defeated Miss Corrigan, who replied fitting- Hers on Friday Nlgbt
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
the Çenui ne
Sherw/n - Williams M	s
emi-Iustre
Dons—At Shiiwville Community
Hospital on Thursday. March 9, 1939. to Mr. and Mrs. EtriDodu, of Maryland. Que., a son




W

ENGAGEMENT

Hodgins • Brwa -The engagement is announced of Mims Muriel Margret (lodging R N , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hod-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦_ ¦ i,
eldest son of Mr. and Mr*. J G.
Reive, of Kingston, Ontario. The
wedding to take place the middle I HARLAND 0. ROW AT
of April.
&
SATIN • ENAMEL
Report of Clarendon Women's Institute
$1.50
w. e. cowimc
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
Per
Quart
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
8MAWVILLE, QUE.
OsriCE — In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street. Que.
MARRIED
H onoiNM -Tubman
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
/
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B A LL.B , C L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que. . Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontiac House, Sh.iwville, Que e ery Friday evening.

LADIES’ SHOES
Clearing Special
Straps—Ties—Outs—Oxfords—Etc.
About 100 pairs
Regular
$2.95 to $4.00
was a at
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
ern Ontario, where she will grad-	__ _________
nate in June in the honor bnai-	*
ne** Administration and «ecretar-1 Mrs. George Dagg Dies at ial science course.
Portage du Fort
{Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
The death occurred on Sunday _	afternoon, March 12th, at her late
mmmmm
ü» m
aamr .whs»*
z » e f.A-;
hostesses, Mrs. Wesley Hodgins A M.ck	A. W. Pegine^i t
mid Mrs. Harold Hodgins.	J. Colemsn, O. G McDowell
Bower Henry, Alex Brough
Skip.13
iy
i
?.

Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.


PLATEAU 63 8 8
v
•; • /
/

Out they go at

DR. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

«#

$1.95 M
BEL AIR 3 257
Large Number 'Attend Boys' Service
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
NEW HOUSE
Skip... . .13
Thii tynine members of the Trail Hanger Camp and TtixiS
_________ Square paraded to the Anglican
More than one hundred men and I	~	I Chin ch last Sunday evening,
boys attended the second annual Mrs. Benjamin Judd Dies	where a Boys’ Service was held in
Father and Son Banquet of the Aged 83 Years	a crowded church.
Shawville Trail Ranger Camp and r	— .	.	.	Sub chief Ranger, John Brough,
Tuxis Square, held in the Sunday The death occurred at the home ,.ya(j the second lesson and Buzzie Scliool room of the United Church r1* lier daughter, Mrs. James g(>(igin«| John Howard, -George on Monday evening at six o’clock. Caldwell, Main street, bhawville, i ,md Ted Reid took up the ottering.
After a hearty meal, the boys on Saturday. Mai eh 1th, of Mrs. Rev. Mr. Nurse gave the boys a and their fathers enjoyed a varied B<mjamm Judd, aged Si years. most hearty welcome and inspir-programme presided over by Jack The late Mr». Judd, whose I irl(r H()(ire8H
Tolhurst, Mentor of the two Clubs, nmideii name wa* J’InJ'V^ A,,n Tel- This coming Sunday evening a
who acted as toastmaster. Rev.	o nùl^	if ie ‘^r* ^«ther and Son Service will
Mr. Pokes led the sing-song.	^r®- Robert Telford, of Clarendon, held in the United Church.
Toast, drunk were a, follows.— and with exception of four years The King-proposed by Billy [Pent with her daughter lnDetrmt
S Shmd^y s”hMU nd Glmrch - pro tnct.whcre she was well-known! JAMES A. MILLAR
posed by Dean Pokes, Scripts of and highly respected. She was	b. a
k.t,,.ï.; re.po„^ w r... m, gg,s:s?if*ar^rto£ advocate. =a»„stE„....
jsâwt ffsna. fs	«wïÿt *28
sartsSisU ™
Trsdl Rangers ; response by Mrs. minster, Sask ; Miss Olive Hodgins AtMoyle*. Hotel. C.mpb.ll’.B.,,
J°Fa"the^and Sols- proposed by H'Lrt ' lWgiT'of Clarendô'n I	' WoUmimt -
Dr. Powles ; re»pon»e by Mr. A. G. One brother. John Albert Telford Brough for the fathers and by Moorhead, also survives. Her
as1^11, u,iief IUDger*
entertained wl t h î'h u morouü°rëad - ^ The funeral was hel.fon Wednes |	“*'« lT»ttT
ing. and Tally. John Howard. Ted day afternoon, 8th Inst. from the Held, and Deputy Pretor, Buzzie homeof her daughter to St. Pauls Hodgins. with instrumental music. Anglican church, where the rector,
Mr XV A Hodzirifc Honorary Rev. T. B. K. Nurse conducted the ¦	¦¦¦¦
Chief Ranger, spoke for a moment ^rvlçe. Interment was made in I every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p in
in delightful fashion to close the the Village cemeteiy. nroemrame	IF	The puII*bearers were	MeNr*
The banquet ended with the ^Uwent Hodgins, John L. Hodgins.
iir^teixh rJ tossïüt mï* “7
yells and Omaha Tribal Prayer. I Among tha many floral tributes
Lss sr A" a as’» r&
helped in decorating tlie table,	Baskets. Hodgins family;
îndïÆTSÏin PrePWriD8 "prays MaHll Dale and Cm
rather and Sob Banquet
Total . . 30
Total ____20
Phone SI.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell's Day from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
!
be
Have just arrived
I
H: K. NEILSON, M.D.
See them
• #
Eye, Ear, Note and Throat Specialist
I
ic
Hull,Que.
ISO METCALFE STREET,
If you want Colour, Spirit, Dash or just plain lines, you’ll find it right herç.
Tubfast and Unshrinkable
You must see them
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 1-7901
w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
RHONE, 2-22

Sletzlet of Psa
All expertly made
SHAWVILLE
HULL, QUEBEC
$1.00 $1.49 $1.95
Campbell’s Bay,
At Proud foot’s Hotel
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.

REPRESENTING OMPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
RHPRKSKNTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA *
Shawville
Quebec
....... gu. SHAWVILLE - QUE
1

###PAGE###2###
Glass Is Found Strong As Steel
Proposed New Bank of Montreal Building In Toronto
EXCUSE Aff-ES^
BUT BIG BEN STAYS
FRESHER AMD LASTS TSm LONGER ! A
How Can I?
ft*#
4)
•ss
-
&
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Most Efficient Material In Relation To Weight, is Claim of Noted European Engineer.
0
%
Q.—How can I remove an unused stamp from an envelope?
A.—By dipping it in boiling water for a minute. It will slip off the paper readily, and usually leaves enough mucilage on the •tamp for using again.
Q.—How can I make a substitute for cream on cereal, or in coffee?
A.—When it becomes necessary to use milk, instead of cream, on the cereal or in the coffee, scald the milk first and then serve hot It will give the effect of cream.
Q.—How can I clean white woodwork ?
A—Use a solution of equal l^arts of kerosene and vinegar. Nor will this solution injure the
hands.
Q.—How can I preserve a rubber article?
A.—Suspend it several inches above a dish or pan containing a •mall quantity of kerosene. The vapor arising will prevent cracking, and will not injure the rubber.
Ç.—How can I attach a food shopper to a porcelain-top table?
A.—Place a piece of sandpaper under the clamps to hold it firmly hi place. See that the sandpaper k rough aide up and then screw down the clamps tightly.
Q.—How can I treat linen which has been scorched only slightly ?
A.—Rub a cut onion on the marks, and then give the linen a good soaking in cold water.
«

!
That the long-awaited "glass age” in architecture has actually arrived is emphasized by Jaroslav Polivka, noted European engineer, in the current Architectural Record. In both compression and tension, toughened glass, says Dr. Polivka, is one of the most efficient load-hearing materials.
In Compression, Tension
While glass has been used widely for many years because of its light-transmitting values, possibilities for utilizing its high structural strength have been neglected, Dr. Polivka says. He has conducted extensive researches which have made possible Several notable buildings in which glass predominates in walls and roofs, such ns the Czech Pavilion in Paris and the Rotterdam Corn Exchange, with its 50,000 square foot glass-concrete roof.
In tests of compressive strength he found that a three-inch square column of molded glass ont foot high could withstand 100 tons— the same pressure as could be borne by a 16 x 7 inch steel I-beam, and by larger sizes of other structural material: such as wood, concrete and brick. Toughened or heat-tempered glass is more than twice as strong as the molded product.
Wï
m

¦

c
%
*!l
L i' v Si
¦ k

¥ %
k Æ :"#'
%
1*4
ï\


s
\\\

ife
*5*
S
m
kN
i’i

s
X
\
I
e
N


b
/y
%
N
¦
«V
Y>
S
>

-xt*

RI
X
m/,
il
I : m
''v
>S
g
;;
%


*
=8
S
%
•s
t
I
»

51
>. :

»
»

m
:: :(



m
a
The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco


TÉ
%»



?1
'v
«

A new world’s recoru annual milk yield for Shorthorn cows has been set up by Cherry, owned by Wort and Way, of Amcsbury, England. In 288 days this red Shorthorn has given 33,289% lb. of milk, beating by five gallons the previous record held by Beggar Maid, owned by Captain Fielding-Johnson, of Compton Basset, Wiltshire.

P?
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
i®


I «
ye




MS
»
1.	If a man is entertaining a group of friends in a restaurant or a hotel dining room, in what order do they go to the table?
2.	Isn’t it discourteous for a woman to offer to pay her share of the expenses, when she is the guest of a man at some entertainment?
3.	May a divorced woman continue to wear her engagement and wedding rings?
4.	Should a person avoid using slang in conversation?
6. Is it customary to introduce a young man formally to society?
6. What does it indicate when a guest at the table toys with a fork or spoon?
Sixteen storeys high this new building for the Bank of Montreal will rise on the northwest corner of King and Bay Streets in Toronto on the site of the old "Mail" building.
Farm Capital Turnover Slow
| Gardening j
HANDWRITING
ANALYSIS
have

Make You Seasick ?
Amazing, to le nil tic tm.uynls tiy a foremost handwriting authority reveals your hidden aptitudes—knowing what you can do enables you to get the most In pleasure, romance and success out of life. Simply write your name and odd rets on a sheet of paper and send with 25c for a trial box of HlackhawK Wood and Body Tonic, a marvellous product which will relieve your system of poisonous waste and give you new health and en. ergy.
With It. you’ll receive your FRRK analysis, PLUS a year's subscription to Canada's only Herbal Magazine. What a bargain! Send jjjjiïiiiiiniiii IILACKHAWK INDIAN ft KM ED Y Ce.
Dept. W.
IMG Duadas ML W. Toronto, Oat.
Farms Require High Capital In-^ vestment For That Reason— Depend On Biological Processes.
aRD
PLANS

Gardening Is not a bobby that require» a lot of expensive gadgets or other equipment. A free seed catalogue, a few packages of good seeds, a few shrubs, some paper, pencil, a rake and a spade are the only absolutely necessary essential».
In the average case the amount of land at one » disposal is limited, but even with but a few square yards, amazing results can be achieved.


K
HE
Farming is similar to any other business In that the same necessary principles may be applied. Farmers, as well as other business men, are dependent on the margin between costs and returns. An Important factor affecting that margin is the rate of capital turnover. Farms require a relatively high capital Investment, hence It Is Important to secure a large annual turnover if capital charges are to be met. The first year report on the Ontario Dairy Farm study, ss reported by the Economics Division, Marketing Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Illustrates this point. The Milk Market group having the most favorable ratio between receipts and Investment would require an average of three years for receipts to equal Investment.
Answers i
1. If the head waiter leads the way to the table, the host goes first, to scat his guests. The women follow next, and the men of the party last. 2. Yes; it is not only discourteous, but humiliating to the man. 3. She may if she desires, but it is far better taste not to do so. 4. Yes. One should use ns good English as he is capable of. The English language contains a larger vocabulary than any other language in existence, and it is really unnecessary to intersperse every sentence with some slang expression. 5. No, excepting a dinner given in his honor to celebrate his twenty-first birthday. 6. It indicates self-consciousness and nervousness.
He was thinking back to the days of his youth. “Darling," he sighed, taking her hand In his, "do you remember when we met In the revolving door at the bank?"
"Surely that warn not the first time we met?"
"Oh, no!" he replied. “But that was when we first started going round together, wasn’t it?"
3#


today, to:


SMALL PLOTS
¦


as
Where space Is small, it is advisable to follow a strictly informal layout with the central portion of the garden cleared of beds and shrubbery and devoted entirely to Around the edges will be
And then there was the loving mother who had four children and named them Eenle, Meenie, Mlnle and Edgar; because she didn't want no Moe.
^Scratching
RELIEVE ITCHING In A M/ntfft
grass.
grouped beds of perennial and annual flowers, leading up to shrubs and vines along the walls or fence boundaries. This open centre adds to the effect of spaciousness, and If the rigid boundaries are softened and partially bidden, bo much the better.
B
tklqSofPRESCRIPTION. lleseeU# •oethe lb* irrlUIri ekla. Ckv,

to Dr. D*bbV
“Fine piece of land out here! said the dusty, shrewd looking man as he descended from his trap outside the farmer’s house.
"You’re right there," replied the farmer eagerly. "It’s the best to he found in the country."
"Bit too high a figure for a poor man, I expect?" asked the stranger.
“It’s worth every penny of fifteen hundred dollars an acre," answered the farmer with an eye to business. "Were you thinking of buying and selling In these parts?"
“Hardly," murmured the traveller, making some notes In a book. "I’m the new tax assessor!"
t H
Slop* Ike Ml Inlaw U*klm# ¦lastly. A M* trial Uilk.nl drus «tor**_nrot«n
ikîerO.D. D. PRESCRIPTION. *
Classified Advertising


Returns Slow Coming In The difference between the farm and city business Is due to the farmer’s dependence on biological processes. Some farmers produce milk, eggs and other products which are sold frequently throughout the year. Where this type of production Is possible, It aids In financing and may offset borrowing for part of the year. Many producers, however, depend for part of their income on sales of crops and live etoock, some of which require up to three or four years to reach maturity. The annual turnover with such enterprises Is slow and creates a heavy demand for capital.

. . . AND LARGER ONES
Where the garden Is larger, say over thirty feet In length, experts advocate some screening off of some portion by bringing forward the surrounding shrubbery at one point, or by a hedge, wall of trees so that the whole affair will not be entirely visible from any one point observation. NgNjMggMW further to that air of spaciousness and also provide a secluded corner or two for a swing, sandbox or a trellis covered table.
SHRUBBERY
In the general plan, the taller shrubs, such as the common spirea, honey suckle, forsythia, syrin^a, or lilac are placed farthest back. In front go the smaller shrubs, like the barberry, In different shades of foliage, the low spireas, the deutzla or similar things that never exceed three or four feet in height at maturity. In this class, too, will come many of the perennial flowers, Iris, phlox, peonies, plants of medium height and which like all perennials when once planted and established will come up each year and flower with very little further attention.


R*

a


i
One of the most dramatic of recent sea photographs is this one showing a French bouncing on the bounding main during recent manoeuvers.
HIGH GRADE MEED OATS AND CLOVERS
IIA 111 CHICKS
BUY DIRECT FROM THE PROducer and pave money. We have no agente. Grade A Heavy Breeds $11.00 per hundred; Pullets $18.00, Cockerels $8.00. Leghorns $10.50, Pullets $22.00, Cockerels $3.00. Tweddle Chicks live. At 5 weeks the loss on 3500 chicks was 24. (names on request). Free Cata-ldfeue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
destroyer
NO. 1 ALASKA. BANNER. VICTORY. O.A.C. Oats at .65 bus. Erban and Vanguard at $1.00 bus. Registered No l Grimm Alfalfa at .32 lb. (sealed bags); No. 1 Grimm Alfalfa at .31 1b. No. 1 Red Clover At .15 lb. No. 1 Alsike at .13 lb. No. 1 W.B Sweet at .05 lb. Timothy .06 lb. f.o.b. Chatham, bags free; Cash with order. Kent and Essex Seed Growers, P.O. Box 101, Chatham, Ontario.
This will add
Doris—“My, how fast your heart is beating I It sounds like m drum."
Young man—"Yes dear, a •all to armai"
What Science * Is Doing *
-CHEAP CHICKS WITH NO BREED-lng back of them are dear. We offer you High Quality Government Approved Chicks from blood tested breeders at money-saving rices. Compare prices, compare ualtty. Standard Quality Heavy reeds $9.50, Pullets $16.95, Cockerels $7.75, Leghorns $3.00, Pullets $19.00, Cockerels $3.00. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
HAIR GOODS
Love Handicaps Student Greatly
To Blame For Failures, Says Professor; Inability To Concentrate
WIGS. TO UP ES,	TRANSFORMA-
lions. Switches. Curls, and all typed of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. 628 Bathurst, i Toronto
i
À Negress of mammoth proportions and Inky complexion was brought unconscious Into a hospital after an explosion. When she came to, the surgeon, thinking to comfort her, said gently:
“You will undoubtedly be able to obtain a considerable amount of damages, Mrs. Johnson.”
"Damages!" exploded the lady. “What do Ah want with damages? Ah got all the damages Ah wants ! now. What Ah needs Is repairs."
t
SKIN GROWS THICKER Plastic surgeons can no\. lift a patch of ordinary human skin and eause It to grow thicker while waiting for transplantation to cover a wound.
This liestep in healing, described In the American Journal of Surgery, makes It easier to cover bad wounds fron auto accidents and burns. The thickened skin acts as Slier as well as covering. It makes repairs with jne layer where formerly sometimes two layers of tissue and two operations were required.
JOHN EDWARDS. KINO. ONT., bought 150 Bray White Rocks last March. Lost only 5. Sold cockerels at 2 months old—net profit $22.60. Order Bray chicks today. Bray Hatchery, 180 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
HIGH IILUOÜ PRHS*I RE
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE— WRIT* for free booklet aud full particulars regarding our amazingly successful byblood treatment. Pedigreed Products. Saskatoon, Saak.
I
Love Is a great handicap to the accumulation of knowledge, according to Dr. Ray S. Musgrave, professor of psychology at Birmingham-Southern College.
Dr. Musgrave placed student romances at the top of tbe Jlst of reasons for failures to pass courses. Next came parties and extra curricular activities
The well-known "grudge against the professor" and financial worries also were listed as chief factors making for bad marks.
But love tops them all, Dr. Mus grave said.
"When a student is In love, he Is unable to concentrate on his studies," he said.
ARTHUR McKEEN, ILDERTON, Ont., bought 300 Bray Barred Rock chicks last March. Only 2 chicks lost. Pullets laying under 6 months. Eggs over half A-large at 6 months. Order Bray chicks early. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
ORNAMENTALS
RARE AND UNUSUAL ORNAMBN-tals, trees, shrubs and perennial flowers. Hardy fruits for colder districts. Plants expertly packed, arrival In good condition guaranteed. Express prepaid. Send for illustrated catalogue describing over 500 varieties. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery, Dropmore. Manitoba.
Australia Britain’s Richest Possession
An explorer may# that wolf meat Is very nourishing. 8o some people had ¦ good meal on the doorstep all this time without knowing It.
REGAL DORCAS. WHITE WYAN-dottes bred from Martin's best
H. B.
cockerel*, $3. and $5. Snider. Balnsvllle. Out.
WARM WEATHER REDUCES
Two University of Cincinnati •dentists have concluded that temperature may have a pronounced ect upon the growth of humans. They reported this week on studies which indicate that tbe tide in hu-growth is turning and people •re getting smaller again.
They believe that rising world temperatures In recent years have leaded to halt what seemed to be • notable Increase in height and weight of college students.
The London (Eng.) Board of Trade has just established Australia as the richest of British possessions. Annual revenue the past year totalled $959,600,000 as against $524,500,000 for Canada and $180,500,000 for New Zealand.
EDUCATIONAL
PA I EM »
<;anadian connempondencb
COLLEGE
MATRICULATION. SHORTHAND, and bookkeeping. 35 years’ experience. You still have time to writs two or three papers in June. 607 Kent Bldg., Toronto.
CHILDREN’S
COUGHS
AN DEFER IO EVERY I.WLM'UR. List of invention» and lull mformation sent free. I he Ramsay Company, Registered. Potent Attorneys, 273 Hank Sl. Ottawa, Cmu.


ELECTRIC MOTORS
PHOTOGRAPHY
(due to colds)
Don’t let chest colds or eroupy coughs go untreated. Rub Children’s Mild Strength Musterole No. 2 on child’s throat and chest at once. This milder form of regular Musterole penetrates, warms and stimulates local circulation. Floods the bronchial tubes with its soothing, relieving vapors, torole brings relief because it's a 11 WmwHmmt”— NOT just • salve.' Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Made tn Canada, in three strengths: Regular Strength, Children’s (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, 40* each. |
— CHILDREN’S rE
In the prison hospital at Toulouse, France, where he was held to await trial on robbery charges, Sylvio de Souza joined a funeral cortege as it passed him in the garden and walked out to freedom with the mourners.
Two destructive forest insects, the bronze birch borer and the beech scale, have become a serious menace to the birch and beech stands of New Brunswick, reported R. E. Balch, head of the Dominion entomological laboratory there.
ELECTRIC MOTORS AND MACHIN-#ry bought, sold, exchanged. Ford Machinery. 1G9 King East. Toronto.
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and S nigh gloss prints 25c. Reprint» same
25c.
price. 8 enlarged prints Urightllng Studio. Toronto.

FARM* FOR SALE

PERSONAL
EARTH GETTING HOTTER
Maas migration of people of all pat ions toward the north and south poles when the sun cools and the jiarth grows hotter Is predicted by JEUnry Norris Russell, director of là# Princeton Observatory.
This will not hopptx for millioLe ef years, but it appears certain to r happen. When it does the earth’s | partace at the equator will be about I the ten.pert' e of a household fur- I mace and only the Arctic and Ant- I arctic wiP be sufficiently cool for I habitation. This rise in tempera-tor Is a continuons process. Dr. Russell declared, and millions of years hence the earth will be too hot to handle.
GOOD ONTARIO FARMS FOR HALE. Term*» at «%. No farm mold without reasonable cash payment. Please state youn requirements fully, also county or district preferred. Commissioner of Agricultural Loans. Parliament Bldgs.. Toronto, Ont

QUIT TOBACCO. ItNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Hume ieintruy. testimonial». Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett'», Boa i. Winnipeg.
Mus-
TIRED FEET

"Progress in civilization is limited only by the extent to which we use our brains."
Francis Potter.


H A 1)10
'/
Charles
+0

150-ACRE FARM. GOOD house, big bank barn. alio. Gideon Schneider, Moore-
GOOD
brick
Apply field, Ont
OUR NEW RADIO BALES SHEET is now ready for distribution. Write for copy. Please specify, whether dealer, amateur, serviceman or set owner. Radio Trad* Supply OK Ltd., 617 longe 8L, Toronto.
INVENTIONS
WANTED
FEEDS AND FERTILIZERS
I
ni
9
POTASH FERTILIZER (CANADIAN Hardwood Aabea). Write for Free Circular explaining uaa. George Stevens, Peterborough, Ontario.
We have been eucceaafully sell-inventions, patented end unpatted, since 1924. If you have a sound, practical Invention for sale, write us Immediately.!
A
ROSES FOR YOUR GAHUtCN
lng
MILO
en
f W ROSES for four garden fr Kt:gland. Send for free catalog five hundred varieties. Merry-weather e Famous Rosea, complete cultural directions Write tod®
ifte iirwRSiï «P-

FARM EQUIPMENT
FANNING MILL (KUNE) FARM ere may beat seed grader; wild oat separator testimonials. Ktlr.e Manufacturing. Islington, Ontario.
Dept SÎ-B. WMllastea D. O.
Issue No. 10—'39
•0*
###PAGE###3###
flr#s Accounted for a loss of $2,-417,1W.
Ontario'* 1938 total Are lost
shows an increase of 15.5 per cent
over 1937 and it the highest in an/ year since 1934.
The Biggest Fire
Last year saw 18 fires, each of which had a lots in excess of $50/ 000 and one of which, the Maple Leaf Milling fire at Kenora a loss of $705,000. The Maple Leaf firs was the largest tost in any single fire in Ontario since 1W. The If
1938 Hits Record
For Arson Cases
Former Canadien MUskmary Bound ’Round World
Sunday School
<

Vv ^V,
« A

62 Convictions During Biggest Year In History Of Ontario Fire Investigation—Increased Losses Shown,
Lesson

fc 1 '
\
LESSON XI
PETER DELIVERED FROM
PRISON Acts 12:5-17
Golden Text—Prayer was mads earnestly of the church unto God for him. Acts 12:5.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Spring of A.D. 44.
Place.—The prison in the city of Jerusalem, probably located in the tower of Antonia. The house of the mother of John Mark, also in Jerusalem.
Now about that time Herod the king put forth his hands to afflict certain of the church. And he killed James the brother of John with the sword. And when he saw that it pleased the Jews, he proceeded to seise Peter also. And those were the days of unleavened bread. And when he had taken him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to guard him; intending after the Passover to bring him forth to the people.
5.	Peter therefore was kept in the prison i but prayer was made earnestly of the church unto God for him. Prison walls could confine the body of the apostle, but
walls of any kind can keep the prayer of a sincere heart from as-ceding to the throne of the omnipotent God.
6.	And when Herod was about to bring him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains : and guards before the door kept the prison. Note the time of the deliverance. Not till the last moment, when hope was almost dead, did it come.
7.	And behold, an angel of the Lord stood by him, and a light shined in the cell: and he smote Peter on the side, and awoke him, saying, Rise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.
Delivered By Am Angel
8.	And the angel said unto him. Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And he did so. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me. When the Oriental lies down to sleep, he removes his outer garment, and loosens the girdle which binds the undergarment. When he rises in the morning to begin the day's work, he tightens the girdle about him, and throws on the outer garment or outer robe, as we might call it,
9.	And he went out, and followed; and he knew not that it was true which was done by the angel, but thought he saw a vision.
And when they were past the first and the second guard, they came unto the iron gate that lcadeth Into the city; which opened to them of is own accord. 10b. And they went out, and passed on through one street; and straightway the angel departed from him.
Our angel ministers are but visitors, whether they be clad in the somber garments of sorrow or the white raiment of joy. When they have gone, we must turn the message they have brought into obedience, and translate their ministry to us into service for others.
11.	And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a truth, that the Lord hath sent forth his angel and delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.
12.	And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John whosq surname was Mark; where many were gathered together and were praying. The circumstances are unknown to us, but we do know that Mark was the son of Mary of Jerusalem. It is easy to see that Peter was at home here, and so knew John Mark well.
These Christians would not have been gathered together in prayer unless there were some deep, strong convictions in their life— that God hears prayer, “that God is able to do miraculous things,” that there are some things that only God can do, and unless he does them they will not be done. They had more than deep convictions; they had a great love for the apostle Peter, and his distress was their distress
13.	And when he knocked at the door of the gate, a maid came to answer, named Rhode. 14. And when she knew Peter’s voice, she opened not the gate for joy, but
fn, and told that Peter stood
before the gate.
Peter Al The Gate 15. And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she confidently affirmed that it was even so. And they said, It is his angel. According to Jewish ideas they would believe that Peter’s guardian angel ÿad assumed his form and voice, and stood before the Boor.
i
[ This Curious World j

I ¦¦¦P
Sixty two conviction* for arson and allied fire crimes out of 76 criminal cases In 1938 climaxed the blfgest year In **rson investigation la the history of the Ontario fire marshal's office. According to the 1938 report of W. J. Scott, Ontario fire marshal, there were in one four-month period 22 consecutive convictions without a single case being withdrawn or dismissed.
Number of fire fatalities for last year wa§ about that of 1937, the tragic Fort Frances forest fire of Oct. 11, 1938, In which 17 were killed, bringing the total up to 79 killed, 199 Injured. In 1937 there were 64 killed, 221 Injured. During the year there were 14,734 fires, a total fire lose of $9,397,210, an Insurance lose of $8,032,385, with loseee not covered by Insurance amounting to $1,864,876.
if#


*
4%


v
W%

l ¦
. $

J*»- . i
K7
a
m



4 4

% V
t.
X
^6



p
CL
I
HAS THE MOST
jea/AArr/y/E
&
•I



-¦
OP ANY MODERN

V*
MOUNA
CATERPILLARS
develop curious plant-uke growths,
PRESUMABLY” TO
I
&
V
Pie-Eater Stops
After T en Pies
'
/r

wmmm
for use in his mission work.
O
Using a quart of buttermilk, s bottle of ketchup and a glass of water as “chasers” Gordon McAllister, of Toronto, last week downed 10 pieces of the 20 he wagered he would consume and then admitted he was not a champion pie-eater after
Sharp at noon the pie-eater started on the first of five pork plea. His happy smile had faded to a wan grin by 12.80 p.m. when he had the pork pies behind him, as well as two fruit pies. The score was seven down. Then he gave away the remaining pies.

vAv
no

f
mL i
y

t
The totale are based on estimates provided by European bureaux of the Associated Press and other
Periodic reports from
all.
700,000 War Fliers
Said World Total
ON CONE SHELLS
ARÉ. COVERED IN 5K/A/ WHILE THE MO ULUS K tS&LIVE. AND ONLY BECOME VISIBLE WHEN ' THE SKIN COMES OFF AFTER. DEATH.
sources.
abroad would tend to Indicate the estimates ere conservative.
That Many Being Trained By Various Nations Engaged In Arms Race
A post office where only children under 17 can obtain a stamp or post a letter has been set up at Dovercourt, near Harwich, Eng.
CATERPILLARS are one of the favorite dishes of birds all over tbewdrld. but to many of these crawling creatures. Mother Nature Hafc. given various ferme of protection. Some are bitter to thé taste'some have weird markings, designed to scare off bird ene* mies; and others, like the one above, carry grotesque, distasteful
looking growth*.
Intensive training programs occasioned by the threat of war are expected to provide Europe’s five major powers with regular and reserve air forces totaling some TOO,-000 men by the end of 1939.
A survey of those European programs produced these round figures for the respective countries:
Italy, Germany, Rueela Lead
Great Britain—A goal of an enlisted and officer strength of 100,000 In the Royal Air Force by June.
Germany—A total force, flying and non-flying. In the regular air corps of more than 100,000; a reserve of from 65,000 to 70.000, most of them are reported to know the rudiments of piloting a plane.
Italy—10,000 pilots and a reserve (pilots, mechanics, radio technicians, etc.) of 120,000.
France — A goal of an enlisted and officer strength In the air corps of 85,000 by the close of the year.
Russia—An air force, flying and non-flying, of at least 100.000 men, and a reserve of at least that many more, thousands of whom have qualified as pilots.
NOTES
RADIO
Father of Radio
news
AND
18 Peasant farmer.
21	To go to bed.
22	Grit.
23	Bound.
25 Political
division of • city.
27	Note in a scale.
28	Either.
WfllEI 5.
33 To rectify.
J 35 Wood pieces used as filler.
37	To perform.
38	Small shield.
39	Muscular power.
41	Weights.
42	Body of Kafir warriors
43	Imitating.
44	Ethical.
46 Complications, 49 Molten rock. 51 Russian
village.
53 Alleged forces. 55 2000 pounds.
57	Musical note.
58	Bone.
Answer4s Previous Puzzle
By MADGE ARCHER
HORIZONTAL
BIS
OHIO mumàg
¦MM
UÉUH
I Inventor who made the first trans-Atlantic broadcast.
8 He was by birth.
14	Mutilated.
15	Arranging methodically.
16	Laughter sound.
17	Cravat.
19 Cavity.
20Jlawaiian
of Charlie McCarthy’s “stooge.” After Bergen served notice on his
that he wanted a couple
“11 CAN BE DONE”
A famous dete^ive will visit
Edgar A. Guest’s programme “It
Can Be Done” on March 15, at 10.30 p.m., over the Columbia net-The sleuth is Raymond J.
sponsors
of weeks off to see Broadway again, the rest of the cast decided that they wanted to go too. Don Ameche thought that a change of scenery and a look at new shows would do him good. Dorothy Lamour hastily seconded the motion. So there was nothing left for the sponsors to do but the whole show East. Proof March 12 and 19 will
work. ¦
Burns, president of the Bums International Detective Agency.
Mr. Bums will tell Guest and his audience how he graduated from law school and joined his father investigating municipal grafts in San Francisco with such success that the two of them founded the detective agency which bears his name. The agency cleaned up the dynamiting of the Los Angeles Times Building and arrested the notorious Philip Musica (Costa) twenty years ago in a hair-swind-Lng case.
10.
move grammes come from New York. This i the first change in locale for the variety hour since its inception in May, 1937.
With Lawrence Tibbett singing the leading role, the Verdi Opera “Rigoletto” will be broadcast direct from the stage of the Metropolitan Opera House on Saturday, March 11, over NBC and Canadian networks beginning at 1.65 p.m. Thi. will be the last Saturday broadcast from the Met this sea-
bird.
raphy.
61 Sign.
VERTICAL
MMsr «Er
nî 5ev;erence 50 Member of a 26 Railway	roving tribe.
# "Br'
play.
38 Sound of inquiry.
40 He was an
k
2	Eucharist vessel.
3	Sun god.
4	To quote.
5	Leaves out.
6	Bom.
7	Idant.
8	Provided.
57 His invention 9 Point.
10 Stranger.
. 11 Kindled.
12 Within.
as many of us have commonly believed, to enjoy a few hours of precious fellowship with these faithful fellow Christians who had been praying for his deliverance, for the verse clearly indicates that Peter only took time to say a few words, and then hastened on. And he departed, and went to another It is not even said that
Edgar A. Guest, one o the best known poet-philosopher columnist* cn this continent, conducts the programme, interviews his visitors
and has the most outstanding incident in their lives dramatized b y the Guest Players. Mr. Guest began his career as a columnist on a small paper and conceived idea of writing his column in verse instead of He bought of type to set and publish his first 2 books, “Home Rhymes" “Just Glad Tidings,” because he could not get them accepted by any published. Now he counts his readers and radio listeners by the millions. He still holds his desk in the City Room of the Detroit Free Press. His philosophy is a simple one. He believes that life is good and will power man’s greatest asset.
AROUND THE DIAL As Edgar Bergen goes, so goes the Chase and Sanborn Hour. That applies not only to the “C.A.B. ratings but to the peregrinations
cation.
paved the way for
59	New star,
60	He invented 13 Since, teleg- 16 Listened.
son.
by
TO BE HEARD .. . King Victor Emmanuel of Italy saluting the New York World Fair, 1.30 p.m., NBC, March 12 .. . Harry Hagen’s “True or False” from Montreal, March 13, 10 p.m., NBC, CFRB Bob Benchley from Hollywood March 12, 10 p.m., CBS . . . Jan Kiepura guest on Magic Key, Mar. 32, 2 p.m., NBC .. . Music of Norway featured on “International Nights,” the Marek Weber series, March 13, 10 p.m., NBC ... Columbia Workshop, “On the Train” by Hugh Hunt, director of Abbey Theatre, Dublin, March 13, 10.80 p.m., CBS .. . Streamlined version of “The Mikado,” March 14, 8.30 p.m., NBC . . . Appointment With Agostini, March 14, 9 p.m., C.B.C. . . . Symphony Orchestra from Winnipeg, March 14, 9.30 p.m., One Man’s Family, dramatic serial, March 15, 8 p.m., NBC, CBC . . . Music by Faith, March 16, 9.30 p.m., CBC, MBS ... The President of Czechoslovakia, Mar. 18, 4.45 p.m., NBC . . . Dick Powell replaces A1 Jolson, March 21, 8.80 p.m., CBS, CBC . . .
profession. 45 Within.
Tkter left the city; yet it is gen-eylly understood that he did. Pe-ty was back in Jerusalem at the great conference of the Jews some time later (Acts 15:7), when, of " course, Herod Agrippa was dead.
e • •
the

fjggpl
fiH
wtÊÊmfmmÊ
i.

He*s Ready With His Own Coffin
a case
2
Joseph Baker of Meaford, an octogenarian in the best of health, has his coffin made and is ready to die when the time comes.
“People should prepare for the next world while they are living,” Baker says. He believes there will be a day of judgment “no matter what anybody says.”
Present-day coffins are far too expensive, Baker said. He built his own.
37
s
I
I

r

By GENE BYRNES
\
REG’LAR FELLERS—Couple of Smart Boys
WERE NOT WATCH INQ	'/f,''
MX»/WE'RE ÇOIN FI SHIN JUST AS SOON AS YOU
QIC UP SOME MORE • ^Wff
woflrv'	VI
ran
YOULL . NEVER __
learn TO PLAY
WATCHING ME.
'//
• s
A*.


u
///'
*
V
! rr
I
(b
-J i
ml
I
9
/
r
xi
0) <

I
It
/

?>
<

l

[*

MS

V
I

16. But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened, Ihey saw him, and were amazed.
17. But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him forth out of the prison. And he said, Tell these thing# unto James, and to the brethren. Peter did not sit down.
IT
l

\
I

t
b
i
z


(
* A


###PAGE###4###
*
1 00
tv-
Letter of R. Seguin presented. X" action.
Statement of expenditure by South Onslow on town line for 1D3H presented.
Motion—Cri. l)agg and Armitage— that By-law No. 98, be introduced and read a first time.—Carried.
By law No. 98, read a that time.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Mlotion—Vrs. Young and Martineau,
March 6, 1939 I that By-law No 08, be read a second
A regular meeting of the Municipal time.—Carried.
Council held on above date at the usual Motion— Crs Annitage and LMW~ place of meeting. Members present, That By-law No. 98 be read a third Ambrose Kennedy, Mayor, and Council- j time short and homologated.-lors Muldoon, Fraser, Westbrook and ( By law No. 98 read a third time. Smiley	j Motion—Crs Aoitng aed I>igg—That
On motion of Crs Fraser-Muldoon, | Andrew Daley, Mayor, be authorized to the minutes of last meetings were con- purchase for this Township properties firmed" as read :	in this Township not sold for taxes at
Councillors Voting and Clark then I Land Sales, 1939.—Carried, took their seats at the Board.	| Motion Crs. l)agg and Annitage—
A letter from the acting Secretary j That this Council adjourn until April
being 3rd, 1939, at one o’clock in the after-
THE EQUITY
Short Course In Agriculture
Spring Time is	#
Baby-Chick Time
SHAWV1LLE, MAR 16,1939
South Onslow Council
I
And to make Chick time profitable and pleasant instead of unprofitable drudgery, we advise tint you pun hase good chicks frotu Blood Tested Flock*» amt feed them a Baby Chick Feed that is dependable as well as economical
Foi move than five years we bave been manufacturing and constantly improving the quality Eudes*. Kggslent Chick Mash Starter, until now we believe it to be equal to any on the market.
Below we list several of many reasons why we do not hesitate to ask that tills year you stick to this feed for your chicks.
1st—It is manufactured in compliance with the Federal Feeding Stuffs Act of 1937, and registered under this act, beat irg Registration No 1094 aly mixed and must comply with the following guuran-
teed.analysis ; Protein 17 per cent.. Fat 1 per cent, Fibre (Max.) 7 per cent. Total Digestable Nutrients 83.7 per cent.	__	.‘-<v .h
2nd—It is composed of Ground Corn, Wheat, Barley, Oat Croat, Bran, Middlings, Wheat Germ, Alfalfa Leaf Meal, Fish Meal, Meat Meal. Feeding Bone Meal, Fine Oyster shells, Powdered Buttermilk, Oil Cake Meal, Cod Liver Oil, and Iodized Salt.	|
This combination of ingredients assures a feed that is rich in Vitamins A, B, 1), E, and B-2 or G, as well as being amply fortified with Calcium for Bone building. Lactic Acid for addided resistance to disease ; Phosphorous and Chlorine for proper assimilation of the Calcium and
" Iodine for general health of the baby chick.
3rd—It is mixed fresh and kept fresh, and this is a most important factor in preserving the quality of a feed. Cod Liver Oil loses it's Vit unin Potentcy on being exposed to the air for any length of time. Meat and Fish Meals become rancid when mixed with ground grains and left standing for anytime. Buttermilk Powder, because of the drying process that it undergoes, lias a marked affinity for moisture, and when mixed with ground grains it combines with the moisture in them and ferments in a short time, losing all of its feeding value No bag of Rades’ Kggslent Chick Mash is never shipped from tlie mill if it has been mixed for more than ten days. We absolutely guarantee that it is always delivered perfectly fresh only.
4th—When you purchase this feed the largest percentage of your dollar is spent for food value obtained. You have
no salesman's commissions or travelling expenses to pay for; no freight charges or advertising overhead to meet. We levy one charge only and that is a profit that is as smnlj as that of any Feed Manufacturer, and often smaller than the profit Feed Dealers usually levy on feeds manufactured outside your own community.
5th—When you buy and feed this feed you are «helping your own Community, and leaving your money at home. We buy all the supplies that we can use from you or your neighbour.
fith—We use only new cotton bags for putting this feed up
These bags are not returnable, and you can be certain that they are never contaminated with an/ Poultry Disease.
7th -This excellent feed sells for only $2.50 per 100 pounds with special discount to users of large amounts.
And lastly you will always find us more than ready to help and co operate with you in any way that we feel will be to your advantage
give this feed a fair trial in comparison with any other feed on the market, and we feel that you will find as others have, that * KadeV Kggslent Chick Madi is really better value in every way.
Under tfje auspices of C.P.A.S., Div. A
Exhibition Hall Shawville, Quebec
Monday to Friday March 2*7, 25, 29, 30 and 31
I
e
of the Tourist Bureau no a organized asking for two delegates to be | noon appointed to attend a meeting at Hull,
March 11th, and on motion of Cr*. Muldcou-Fraser, Ambrose Kennedy was named as representative and Austin
Andrew Farrell,
Sec Ti cas
on
Every pound is uniform-
Correspondence
Clarke as substitute form this Council —Carried.
On motion of Crs MuMoon Smiley the following bills were approved viz W. J. Fleming, rent of hall..	$ 20
"	44 board of council
General Insurance Co., bond
for Sec Treas............
Ste Marie & Ste Mane, salary
etc.....................
Jos. A. Steele, travelling, etc
Monday, March 27th
Re By law, No 93
In view of the recent Public Notice of a meeting to be held in Hynes' Hall for the pur|H)se of approving or disapproving of By law, No. 93, I wish to
express my opinion.
This By law may be a very worthy cause for the protection of sheep ; but may be viewed from different angles.
WÊÊÊÊ -,	, J* Why should sheep owners be protected
A bill from Bristol Council for ex- ^ jjje oilier ratepayers' expense, any penditure on Town Line for 11)38, left	tfaan thc raiserfl 0f poultry ? How
over till next meeting of Council.	'many hard-working farm women raised
Motion by Crs Y raser- young, that ^ hue flock of fowl, expecting to reap the north mile of Proven Line be taken some revvard*for their labor to get some off Basil Stanton’s list and given to much.needed necessaries, only to find James Thomas.—Carried.	some morning the thief had gone with
Motion by Crs Uarke-M est brook, their Summer’s work ! Now I consider that By-law No. 30, for the eradication tbey have as much right to have h tax ot the Warble Hy in this Municipality, funcj reimburse them as the sheep be adopted as read.—Carried.	men. We are living in a day and age
Motion by Crs \ oung-Muldoon that when le setm to think the Govern-By law No. 31 levying a rate of seven llient or Council should shoulder their mills m the dollar, to detray the ex- difficulties and tax somebody for their penses of this Council for the year 1939 ul benefit—i>ossibly the one who
be : dopted.—Carried.	had their chickens stolen last Fall and
Cecil Lusk tendered his resignation , n0 *becp Considering the By-
as road master, and on motion ft Us Uw WM discarded by the Council some Westbrook - Y raser, Athol Ingee was ago as they were obliged to pay appointed in his stead—Carried.	for 8ht.v., killed by animals other than
Motion by Crs Clark-Wing, that d and in different ways the By-law Arthur W iggins be notified to put on Wlti tound unsatisfactory it looks as guard rail at Mosley Gulley Bridge at ^ W0U|d be wise to go to the hall on
once-	-	the ‘27th and vote against increased
taxes, or else, if we have to protect one, protect all
1.15	p ro,—Opening of the Course
3.30	14 —Lecture on Pasture Improvement by C. B. Dalton
Meeting regirding Calf Feeding Club.
Lecture on General Agriculture by X. A. Drummond
00
13 90
Lecture on Live Stock by E. Boudreau
10 00
4 30 44
100 oo
15 00
Tuesday, March 28th
1.15	14 —Instructions in Seed Judging by George Gilbert
-Seed Judging Competition, Alfalfa, Red Clover, Oats and I Barley.	9
2 30 14 —Lecture on Value of Better Seed by George Gilbert
3.15	14 —Lecture on Farm Accounting by C. B. Dalton.
Lecture on Soil Chemistry
1.30 14
8.00 14 —Public Speaking Contest ; Short address,—4‘Farming in
^I Musical
China as I saw it,” by Miss Grace McKecbnie
entertainment etc
Wednesday, March 29th
115 “ —Poultry Culling and Judging Demonstrations by R. Gervin
1.45 44 —Poultry Judging Competition
2.30	41 —Practice in Farm Mechanics, L. G. Heim pel in charge
3.15	44 —Demonstrations of Fitting Poultry for Show and Egg
Grading
4,00	44 —Lecture on Farm Machinery by L G. Heimpel * §
On motion of Cr Muldoon the Council then adjourned.
Note—In the minutes of February 17th, 1939* published February 23, two errors occurred:—Discussion of Government money to spend on a 40—50 basis, should read on a 50-50 basis ; and snow fences to be erected and paid for 50 per Province of Quebec, cent, by the Government and 30 per Municipality of Clarendon cent, by Council, should read 50 per cent, by Government and 50 per cent, by Council.
Thursday, March 30th
Clarendon Ratepayer
1.15	44 —Lecture on Animal Dise#*# by Dr Campbell
2.16	44 —Dairy Cattle Judging Demonstration by Dr. MacKenzie
2.30	44 —Dairy Cattle Judging Com Del it ion
4 30 44 —Lecture on Agriculture Policies.
NOTICE
Lecture on Dairy Herd Management by Dr. MacKenzie
}
BY-LAW No. 94
At a regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the Township of Clarendon. held at the usual place of sessions, on the sixth day of March, 1939, at one o’clock in afternoon, at which were present : His Worship Mayor Barr, in the chair, and Councillors Grant, Judd, Whelen and Macfarlane, forming a quorum of said Council, the following By-law was read, proposed and adopted :
BY-LAW No. 94
Friday, March 31st
1.16	lf —Shdep Judging Demonstration, by A. A. McMillan
1.30	11 —Sheep Judging Competition
2	00 11 —Swine Judging Demonstration by R. K. Bennett 2.15 41 —Swine Judging Competition
3	00 " —Live and Rail Grading of Hogs
4.00	11 —Lecture on Sheep Breeding by À A McMillan. ,; I
Jos. A. Steele Sec-Treas
Minutes of Council Onslow North
in
4.30	41 —Discussion.
8.00	Public Address. Geo. B. Roth well, Live Stock Commis-
Awarding of Cups, Trophies and prises Con-
March 6, 1939
The regular meeting of the Municipal uncil held on above date. Present:— B. Farrell, pro mayor, and Councillors Young, Armitage, Martineau and Dagg.
Un motion of Crs Dagg Armitage. the minutes of Feb. 6th, 1939, were adopted as read.
Motion by Crs Young Dagg, that By-law No. 97 be introduced and read a first time.—Carried.
By-law No, 97 read a first time
sioner elusion of the course
Bylaw to control and eradicate the warble fly, or heel -fly, in the Municipality of the Township of Clarendon.
a
NOTE—The above programme will be followed as closely as'possible
This year nil >ve ask is that you
Whereas the warble fiy, or heel-fly, is known to be common and prevalent in this Municipality and is causing injury and damage to cattle ; Whereas said warble-tty, or heel fly, must be considered as a public nui IHHHH sane? in tlii-* Municipality ;
Motion by Crs Armitage-Martineau, I Whereas this Council deems it exped that By-law No. 97 be read a second | lent to adopt a By-law to control and
eradicate the said warble-fly, or heel-
Subjects for Five-minute Speeches
Contestants 14 years and under
L—How I spend ray Winter evening*.
2-Why I play games
8—Interesting thing* about the Spring season
4—	Electricity on the Farm
5—	My Hobby
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00., BECO.
time.—Carried.
By law No. 97 read a second time! tMJ .
Motion by Crs Dagg-Young, that By- Whereas it is in the general interest law No. 97 be read a third time, short |	<,f the farmers and other inhabitants
that this fly should be controlled and
Motion by Crs Young Dagg, that the I Whereas the material required for Municipal Councillors be authorized to treating cattle for the said warble-fly, distribute material for treatment- of or heel-fly has been offered to the animals for the Warble Fly as soon as farmers of this Municipality free of possible after leceipt of instructions and | charge by the Department of Agricul-material from N. A. Drummond,
—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young Martineau, that the following officers be appointed for the coming term of office :
Board of Health—Magloire Joannisse,
John J. O’Donnell, Samuel J. Wilson ;
medical advisor, S. E. McDowell, M.D I It is in coxsequeni e, by the present Rural Inspectors—Jas. H. Dougherty, | By-law, ordained and enacted as fol-
(1) That every farmer or other per son having cattle in his possession, within limits of the Municipality,
Assessors — Harold Steele, Harry I shall be obliged to have said cattle
Foran, Alex. Lapierre.	| treated for the warble fly or heel-fly ;	|	___
Road Officers—Geo. Steele, Francis (g) The treatment to said cattle shall Dolan, F. Curley, Albert Young, Thos. be given by those owning or possessing Lne montb ; Tracey, Bay Yeung, Carmen Ireland, same in accordance with the rule and
fly
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
and homologated.
By-law No. 97 read a third time
I —Farm Life
2-	Should this district have a Community Wood lot ?
3—	Why I keep accounts «iS 1 tÊ'f
4-	Farm Ga»fti Crops
5—	Cure of the Dairy Utensils
ESTABLISHED 1883

COACH
INVALID
ture :
Whereas the full benefit of this treatment cannot be realized unless all the cattle in the Municipality are treated;
Whereas Notice of Motion has duly been given at a previous sitting of the Council :
Contestants 21 to 25 years, inclusive
1 Should certain Farms be subjected to Reforestation ? 2—Should Shaw ville have a Tourist Camp? |	: ^
8—Why Beautify our Fair Grounds ?
4—	Labour-saving Devices for the Modern Kitchen
5—	Care of Farm Machinery
GEORGE. HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Magloire Joannissee.
Pound Keepers — Maurese J, Cain, RobL McRae, John Armitage, Napoleon Belaire.
PRIZES
Phone 80
1st—Silver Trophy, donated by the Agronomist, to the student wi&h the highest aggregate score in the course. (For annual competition)
2nd—Silver Cup, donated by Shawville Creamery, to the student with the highest aggregate score in Live 8toc% Judging. (For annual competition.)	0
3rd—Silver Cup, donated by Shawville Milling Company, to the studen with the highest aggregate score in Seed Judging.. (For annual competition.)
4th—Two Entrance and Grand Stand Admission Tickets offered by the Central Canada Exhibition, to the highest student in the course 1
6th—Usual Cash Prises will be paid
xy. , .	n	, .	_	. . - I (#) The present By Is# shall come
Nicholas OHearoe, Godfrey Proulx, directions of the Department of Agri | into eflfect And force according to law. Ferdinand Philippe, Thos. Philippe, j culture and the Council may by motion Paul
/
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary
appoint one or more persons to give the
II.	, ^	treatment when any owner or poweesor | Certified a true copy of the original
Motion —Crs.	loung and Dagg— 0f cattle is unable to do so by reason of
that J. D. Moorehead’s auditors report j old age, illness, or other justifiable for 1938, as presented be accepted
—Carried.
Letter of Q. A. Howard re. 50—50 on roads read.
Motion—Crs. Maitineau and Young, that this Council purpose spending <1500.00 on the 50—50 plan this com ing season on public roads.—Carried. 1 Motion—Crs. Martineau and Dagg—
That the following accounts be upprov
ed and
J, D. Moorehead, auditing ..
Patrick Rrre, supplies to Mra.
L RelCie, Feb , 1939 ......
A. Farrell, to Quyon to meet
auditor .................
A. Farrell, ratal and feed for
—Carried
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
General Repairs
Revival Service»
cause ;
(3)	Such a treatment shall be given without any charge to the owner or possessor of cattle j
(4)	The corporation assumes no re ,	_ .	.	. f „	, It
sponsibility as to the effects of said ville, dflrieg the month ( March. In* treatment and does not guarantee the I Clark sisters, Saskatchewan, now work-results of said treatment ;	ing *n Rosebush, Mich., will be present
(5)	Any person who will refuse u> throughout the month to assist the
abide by the dispositions of the present Pastor. The public cordially invited to By law, or refuse said treatment for hi* J attend. |	•$*:-, j- | jg V‘:	^
Mir 00 I cattle, sbaflHwbk of a
ceeding twenty doi'ars ($90 00) with 6 50 costs, or in default of payment of such I fine and costs within fifteen days after % 00) rhe rendering of the judgement, of imprisonment for a period not exceeding
Special revival services will be con ducted in the Standard Church, Shaw
FOR PARTICULARS APPLY TO
N. A. DRUMMOND, Agronomist
R. W. HODOINS Secretary
The Same Reliable Service
All person* wbo hitve promised IaM lenn>a * m~ a\*f LORNE ARMSTRONG,
deliver wood to thin off&<	W I ISOII 9 MeiroflC 19
are req'tested to do si without dl..,	rfesiuGIlt
further delay. ThkJEquity	t hone ^	-	*	¦	¦¦ I £ I I
to
###PAGE###5###
m
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
", Shaw ville United Cbumch
R#r, A. F. Foke* B, A.t B.D. Pxitor
Sunday, March 19
11.00 a.m	e at
m, S'	on
O p.mService at Stark\ « a.
Seimoik Subject ^ The Common People
and Jesus.*
7.^0 p in , Service at Sbawville
Taxi» and Trail Ranger Boys will
worship with us.	I
BRISTOL United Cm r« h
C Arm*tro Salem, B. D
Si today, March 19
St Andrew's, Service at 10.30 “ Sunday School 11.30 Austin, Service Knox,	Service at
Sermon Subject :'The Pa rad i we We
Miss*
BBUbiillll I8S3
PUBLISHED EVERY TBVRMDAY AT
" ? SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
, 11.60 . 2.00
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Anywhere in Canada To United States.....
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper U discontinued
NEW SHOES FOB ! SPRING and SUMMER
W O. 00WAN, PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
NOTICE
8.30
!
Province of Quebec
iMiBKpBpw.id^MÊfÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ/Ê
BY LAW N3. 93
I At a regular meeting of the Munici pal Council of the Township of Clarendon, held in Hynes' Hull, on March 6th,
1939, at which were present, Mayor Bair and Councillors Grant, Judd,
Macfarlaue and WHelen, forming a quorom under the r presidency of the Mayor, proceeding upon the resolution to pass a By-lay for the establishment of an annual compensation fund, for the benefit of owner or possessors of sheep for damage done to sheep, out of the proceeds of an annual tax to be imposed on each dog, male and female, kept within the Municipality of the Township of Clarendon, for the imposition of
lion having been duty given, as required by law, at a regular meeting of this Council held at the said Hall on February 6th, 1939.
It was ordained and resolved by Bylaw No. 93 of this Council as follows :
(1) That an annual compensation fund for the benefit of owners and possessors of sheep in this Municipality for damage done to their sheep be established
.sitting of the proceeds of an annual Tax of $1.00 to be imposed on each dog, male and female, kept within this Municipality. L	||jH||jBjÉ|É|
(8) That an annual tax each made and female be and is hereby imposed and levied on and shall be exigible and payable by the bwner on possessor of any dog, male or female, kept within the Municipality.	j
(3)	That all owners or possessors of y dog, male or female, in this Munici-lity shall be compelled each
the month of November, to declare to llie Secretary Treasurer of this Municipality, the number of dogs, male or female, under hie care, under a peoaly of a fine of Ten (#10.) dollars recoverable by this Municipality for the benefit of the said Compensation Fund.
(4)	That this Council shall appoint one or more competent assessors whose duties it shall be to examine without delay any sheep which have been injured by dogs, male or female, in this Municipality, and to fix the amount of
damage ,7^'.	'Hll
(5)	That out of a special fund, to created by this present By law, this Council shall pay » compensation equal to two thirds of the damage done to the sheep, by dogs, according of the asecaaors, provided of the owner be made within 48 hours to the Valuator or Secretary and to be reckoned from the date that the daiuegr was caused. Nevertheless this Council shall not allow compensation of more than 115.00 for any one sheep
(6)	That from or after th into force of the present By-law no per
or persons shall keep or harbour any dog, male or female, with»n this Municipality without first having paid the annual tax so imposed and levied by the present By law. Penalty or contravention of By-law shall be a fine of #10.00 recoverable by this Municipality for the benefit of said compensation fund so established by this present Byqaw. In the event of this said fine not being paid within eight days after the officer shall have given notice to the owners that they are liable for said all non licensed dogs shall be destroyed by the officer appointed, for that purpose, by this Council.
(7)	That the annual Tax so imposed and levied by the present By law shall be payable at the same time as the regu lar land tax is due.
(8)	That at the erdijof each annual
tax to wit :	on tfee thirtierh day of
November of each
the Compensation IHPMHpHHH year remaining unused as well as the sums composed as penalties and dam
afiüiâiëêêêêêêthis Municipality
• ri,XVr.-b.PM,™£I .For S.Ie, Want., Ko'jr.d
y law is repealed That this By law shall
force until repealed.	HI
(10) That this By-law shall come -into force fifteen days from its sanction, to
"	™ J. A. DBANpag
Sevretary-Trea surer
7.30
All the very latest styles in
Women’s and Misses " Men's and Boy’s and Children’s
Now on display in our New Boot & Shoe Dept.
Never before in the history of this store has there been a more complete and up-to-date
stock.
Clarendon Fahtoral Charge Hey R. O. Newman, M A ,B D
Sunday, March 19
11.00	a. m.—Seivice at Ridfor/i 2 30 p m.—Service at Norman 7.00 p. m.-—Service at Yarm
ANGLICAN
Sunday, March 19
4th Sunday in Lent St. Paul's
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School
11.00	a m —Holy Communion 7.30 p m—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service With lrawn
St. Luxe's
8.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer Thursday, 8.00 p m., Evening Prayer
f
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
; notice of such mo
/


Now is the time to lay in your supply of
rubbers. The prices are now lower than they have been for years.
Keep your feet dry and comfortable this Spring, by wearing Kaufman Rubbers. You can still buy them at the low price, but expect an advance any day.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Week day Services St. Paul’s
Wednesday
7 45 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Friday
8.00 p m.—Evening Prayer
in the Municipality, con
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor, Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
nf 11.00 r
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, March 19
9.00 a m, Holy Communion at North Onslow.
10.30	a.m., Morning Prayer at Oreer-
mount
8.30	p.m., Evening Prayer at Charteris
flew Prints and Broadcloths
All the latest patterns and colours
an
year, m
pa
Scientific Eye Examinations
Congoleum Gold Seal Ruga
Oongoleum Gold Seal Rugs and Congoleum Gold Seal by the yard.
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; iar
Eye Defects
Clarendon Council
March 6th, 1939
Clarendon Council met on the above date. Present :	His Worship, Mayor
Barr, and Councillors Grant, Judd and Whelen.
Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed on motion of Grant and Whelen. —Carried.
Angus Carty's bill on Townline was discussed. It was moved by Grant and Jndd, that this bill be paid on a 50—50 basis with the Township of Litchfield, r—Carried.
Councillor Macfarlane entered and took bis seat at the Board.
OBSîàl
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS, Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE, Professional Optometrist
New Wall Paper
For/ Spring and Summer of 1939
Over one hundred different patterns to
choose from. consideration our prices are lower than any Catalogue House in existance.
t
If you take quality into
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
to the report that the claim
Judd and Whelen — That the following bills be approved and pftjd
H. C. Rowa!f.'l«*BtHBHHHHHi Angus Carty, work on Townline 23 60 Wellington Smart, charity ....	10 02
—Carried
As per notice, given by Councillor Jndd, at a regular meeting held on February 6 h, a By-law, No. 93, re. ff Compensation Fund for owners of sheep damaged by dogs in this Municipality was introduced. Read a first time on motion of Grant and Judd ; a second time on motion of Macfarlane and Whelen ; a third time, short, and passed on motion of Judd and Whelen, and to be submitted to the Electors of the Municipality of Clarendon, in Hynes’ Hall on March 27th. for approval or disapproval—Carried,
As per notice given by Councillor Macfarlane at a regular meeting of the Clarendon Council held at the usual place of sittings on February 6th, a By law for the eradication of the Warble Fly or Heel Fly was introduced, a copy of which appears elsewhere in this issue. Road a first time on motion of Macf&r-Uoe and Grant ; read a second time on motion of Whelen and Judd ; read a third time, short, and passed on motion of Judd and Macfarlane —Carried.
Motion by Judd and Whelen to adjourn.—Carried.
Sleep Your Way to Health
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
$ 5 00
e coming
On Simmmon’s Beds, Springs and Mattresses
son
<
New Spring Furniture
See our new Spring Furniture on display in onr Magnificent Furniture Parlor.
Phone. 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
fine
I
MacLeans
Successor to. 0. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
BED & WHITE STORE
year, the balance of Fund of the preceding
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves'*
I
Look Here
i
15 cts
Spaghetti, cheese tomato sauce, large 20 “
small 10 “
10 “
.. 15 “
.. IS "
5 “ 15 «
C. L. Pink Salmon, per tin
Roy G. Fraser
Novel tie»
RENFREW, ONT. „
Phone 160 S
II.
Lost etc.
this B
I
remain in
Fie were, Gifts,
(9)
!

o
John A. Dean, Sec.Treas
it
ii
h
FOR SALB-One grey Work Horse, fight 1380, sound In every way. Apply [jT H. Strutt, Shawvllle.
FOR SALE—Hatched Pair blyde^dale Colt», iwo and three years old. Apply to Habbt Corrkian, jR.R, Ifo. I, Shawl ville. Phone EL 6.
FARM TO LET ON SHARES —^ 553 den soil, et present under hay, end Bve hardwood ; see team .f how a. a little
gam&as SSEWi Sa#Ei:=n ¦'
for town or city dweller* Should you open every door. No experience rt
ÏÏKi SS5L-S	‘
Apply to	NO HlsK, Excellent epportwr
G. MacLsa*.
Box i!6, Aroprior, Ont
Catellie’s Cooked Macaroni, per tin Chicken Haddi, per tin ,
C. L. Pilchards,' per tin Brunswick Sardines, per tin Herrings in tomato sauce, per tin Whole Kernel Corn, choice quality, 3	25	“
25 " 25 "
.. 25 " .. 25 "
r 19 “
.. 25 “
# #
we

• ••••••.••••••••••
Farm For Sale
One of thfe most desirable Farms in the Township of FitzrojpBBpMH brown stone house, good large outbuilding*, good fences and very heavy
Situated on Highway 17. Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG,
Insurance k Real Estate, Àrnprior, Ont.
••••••••••
BLOCK OF UNO FOR SALE
Beautiful
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
see#
vite your patronage
On
rich >-•:!
Falcon Peas, 3 for
Falcon Tomatoes, 3 for .........
Falcon Wax Beans, 3 for.........
Macaroni, ready-cut, 6 pounds...
Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour, pkg Evaporated Apples, 2 pounds ....

*»###+* •
***#
# t • ••
orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect
Ob orders of $6.00 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay.

OFF
OABD or

, Jndd desire to exprem their heartfelt lhawks lo friends and neighbours for
many acts of kindSW ¦	¦
of sympathy during the illness and
I death of their beloved mother.
I
Fish <3f all kinds
e»4 11 p.m

and expressions
7 w!
iiifctotgh w

###PAGE###6###

*=E
I GET MORE CRACKERS TO THE POUND «
flurry of excitement that prevent* ed her answer, from the press room down the hall and necks craned toward the door.
“That Kent case," Sergeant O'Shea explained, straightening the cards before him. “He's got Church for his lawyer."
Quality Gives Flavour
Reporters came
IN

Eiie
m

R
* ^


A
A Clever Lawyer Pat clenched her bauds to atop their trembling. Thoughts marched
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
dully through her brain, was a good lawyer, good at finding loopholes, good at defending guilty men. It took all her courage to look up at the men standing before the judge.
Larry was there holding his hat in his hands, his hair shtulng like gold, his clean-cut features white and stern. Church was efficient, talking with the pat phrases of the court.
Her pencil moved across the white sheet of the pad while the technical pattern went on. reading of the charge, enter plea of not guilty, ask for continuation of bond, a week's stay granted, the consultation of the calendar, flash
#
>15
%
r\
e

ae
k
#

*
V
• SERIAL STORY

COPYRIGHT. IS3S NBA SCRVIÇg. INC.
HIT-RUN LOVE
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
down on skin not usually subject to it, but In the latter case, cold weather drives It away again. Creams do not make hairs grow, despite widespread belief that they
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift again. Cut in shortening. Add milk gradually, stirring until soft dough is formed. Drop from teaspoon on ungreased baking sheet. Bake in hot oven (460 deg. F.) 12 to 15 minutes. Makes about 16 biscuits.
The
Household
Science
KATHERINE BAKER
took notes, smiled greetings at the police and lawyers. Yet her eyes found the big clock more often, and watching the minutes tick off. and bringing near and nearer the time for Larry's examination.
Twice within a short time she had to request testimony repeated. She could feel a hot flush spread over her face. Then she looked up and saw Tom's gaze fastened on her. Ills smile relaxed the Iron bands around her forehead.
“Thinking of a new hat, or where you'll go on vacation?" he naked gently.
“No—just slow on the upstake I guess. I don't seem able to concentrate this morning."
He nodded understanding^. “I'm that way too often myself." looked out at the sparkle of sunshine on the river that spread like a curved blue ribbon in the distance. "Whenever 1 look at that water 1 get worse. 1 think how swell it would be to knock off for a little while and take a vacation from all this. Get on a freighter, have long days doing nothing. That would be pretty nice for a change."
“Yes—just drift along. Nothing to worry about—"
She felt him looking at her again and pretended to busy herself.
“Worry—" he said. “You should not have things to worry about. You should be having fun. a good time. Have a fight with your young man?"
It was just small talk, but now the words brought her back to the harsh present. Yet she managed to laugh it off. "Oh. everyone has worries."
“Well, don't let them get you down. Forget them long enough to have lunch with me," he suggested. She was grateful for the sudden
Cast of Characters:
Patricia McGraw—heroine faced a choice between the law and
She
II
do.
bulbs crackling, reporters cluster*
Fra second Larry's eyes met date t>f trial by Jury.
For a second Larry* eyes met Pat’s. They were cool, unemotional. It was only by the slight twifthlng of his lips that she. who knew him so well, could read his nervousness. She glanced up and smiled at him. She mustn't turn against him now. Surely he would realise before It was too late. When the trial actually started be would change his mind. Now he was bewildered, and confused.
love.
There are two methods of eliminating the blemish. Electrolysis l* one, In which an electric needle It used to remove each hair separately at the root. It calls for extremely competent handling, and because so often an operator is not fully capable, unsightly scars are the result.
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry’s car. He urges her to “fix” a traffic ticket for her brothers to see Just how much “pull” she has In court.
Yesterday: Larry ia arrested as the hit-run driver, to give him the faith and love he needs now more than ever before.
EASY, TASTY QUICK BREADS
HOLIDAY FRUIT SCONES
2 cups sifted cake flour 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder	fes.l
H teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons sugar 4 tablespoons butter or other shortening
1H teaspoons grated orange rind Vi cup finely cut, seedless rais-
Jumper Blouses
Lengthen Waist
The long waistline coming back is partly because of the little jumper-blouses which High Fashion has been showing. This season many are in white crepe satin, contrasting sharply with the dark skirt, and attracting the eye to the line of joining around the hips; others are in bright jerseys with sports woollens for skirts, and occasionally a contrast bonding around the lower edge gives emphasis to the top of the hips. None of these blouses is long enough to be called a tunic, and most of them are slightly fitted, even if only by molding bias cut.
The other method ts self-treat ment with a special warn that has been very popuhr lu France for some years. It is a slow treatment, but has the advantage of privacy, as It can be done in the home. The wax has an atrophying effect on the roots and gradually wears them down, the period naturally depending much on the Individual ease.
My leaflet on "Superfluous Hair” gives additional Information on this blemish. And the following leaflets may be obtained by sending a Sc stamp for each one required; Facial Care; Bust Development; Hand Beauty; Feet Care; Glamorous Hair; Fascinating Eyes; Red clng In Spots; Underweight; Slimming. Ask about your personal beauty problems, too.
Please write to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide, Toronto, Ont.
Pat calls him
A Tough Case
At lunch down In the cafeteria with Tom a few minutes later she tried to make herself calm, normal. It had been easier to lunch with him than to refuse, she found, when In the hustle and bustle of the short recess he asked her once again to go with him.
"We ll be through with the early sessions In another two days," he reminded her. "Then we'll start on the trials. More work for you. And we'll start off with a bang. Got the Kent case on the 5th. Do you know hlm? I saw you speak."
She nodded, studying the menu. “Yes, 1 know him. It's hard to believe he could do such a thing. It seenir whenever anyone whom you know gets mixed up In a thing like this it somehow v em unbelievable."
“Yes. that's true, it seems to strike homo," Tom replied. "Well, he hasn't yet been found guilty. Although from the file on* him with the report from the accident Investigation bureau there's a tough caso against him."
Tom was talking of the coming primaries. Cagily she worked the conversation around to the thought uppermost In her mind.
"it's rather a break getting out of early session right now. isn't It? You can handle some good jury trials, and some really Important cases will be up," she said. “1 mean if you could get a few convictions on cases that have been before the public it should help with the election. shouldn’t it?"
He smiled at her. “You have the picture. It is a break and 1 hope 1 make a good record. That will help considerably. Of course early ses sions are easier and this next month will Lean plenty of hard work. Now I'll have to study the cases, prepare talks for the Juries, and build up the prosecution, but as you say, if 1 make a good record with convictions It will rate with
CHAPTER IX
An innocent man. The words seemed to echo in the stillness of the McGraw living room after Pat spoke them. Larry looked at her, their eyes meeting in a still, tense duel. Pat pressed her finger tips against the table top seeking to gain from the very solidness of the wood some helping sense of reality In that moment of stark terror that •lowly gripped her.
An Innocent man. Ho would have nothing to fear if he were an Innocent man. Larry’s eyes changed: the pupils growing small, the blue cold like ice. A smile crooked his mouth. Slowly he turned and sat down again on the couch.
• “All right, let’s put the cards on the table," he said calmly. "You’ve asked for it. Oh, I know you’ve been careful, very careful, not to come right out and ask me if 1 hit those people. But you’ve looked it ever since 1 came this evening.
"I suppose you think I should go dowu to these papers that have been running the story about a hit-run driver all day and beg them to print my story—the story of my driving into the woman and child. Well, I hit them, but I’tn not a complete fool. I didn’t deliberately drive into them. They shouldn’t have been standing out there in the middle of the street. It was raining. You know that. I didn't see them until too late.
"I Couldn’t Help It"
“I’m not taking hit-run business as a recreation. I couldn't help wiiat happened. 1 didn’t actually know they were hurt. What good would it have done anyway? Who would have believed me? They’d all be like you: too anxious to put me in a jam. Well, I’m not going to stick my chin out on this. You may as well understand that now.
I have a right to protect myself, and I’m going to do It. It isn’t as thought I were a gunman — out killing people. This was an accident. I didn't mean to do it, and I'm not going to let any smart cops and prosecutor hand me a rap."
His words beat at her. When he stopped breathless, white, tense, •he found her own breath rasping in her throat. Subconsciously she had been prepared for the admission of guilt. Yet she had felt that his agony of remorse, his desire to make retribution, to throw himself on the mercy of the court, would give her grounds for her lasting love. This was too unexpected.
“You don't mean these things you’re saying, Larry. You can’t just mean you'll lie out of it."
"I’ll protect myself," he said to her angrily, lighting a cigaret and flinging the match away with sudden fury. "Anyone else would.”
“Yes—but not this way. Admit that you were frightened, didn't realize at the time the seriousness of what had happened, tell the court you want to make good, pay the hospital bills — and all the rest. Take the punishment, and wipe the slate clean. If you do that you stand a chance of a lenient verdict. You can’t lie. Larry. You mustn't."
It was a cry of despair, for looking at him she felt rather than she heard his answer.
“A man’s innocent until proven fullty," he told her, "and if they can prove it—" That was (he way It ended. Before she could add xpore of the pleas that were on her lips he had gone.
Worse Than Nightmare Sometimes duïing the next few days she wondered how she lived through that night. The horrible knowledge that Larry was guilty, that he meant to carry out his pretense, formed the background for a reality worse than any nightmare.
She was swept along on the routine of life, though. The iext morning found her facing her familiar tasks before her. She went office, sat at her table la court,
ins
2 eggs
1/3 cup light cream
Sift flour once, measure, baking powder, salt, and sugar, and sift again. Cut in shortening; add orange rind and raisins. Reserve about % of one egg white for glaze. Beat remaining eggs well and add cream; add all at once td flour mixture and stir until all flour is dampened. Then stir vigorously until mixture forms a soft dough and follows spoon around bowl. Turn over immediately on floured board and knead 30 seconds. Roll % inch thick and cut in small triangles. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Brush tops light with reserved egg white, slightly beaten; sprinkle with additional sugar. Bake in hot oven (450 deg. F.) 10 minutes, or until browned. Makes about 2 doz. scones.
He
add
The output of central electric stations in Canada totalled 26,994,238 kilowatt hours during last year.
M/kveu
ACTS FAST
TO BRIM BELIEF FROM COLBS
L
A
m
mfl
The Secrets J


BAKING POWDER BISCUITS
2 cups sifted flour 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder % teaspoon salt 4 tablespoons butter or other shortening
% cup milk (about)
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift again. Cut in shortening, milk gradually, stirring until soft dough is formed. Turn out immediately on slightly floured board and knead 30 seconds, or enough to shape. Roll % inch thick and cut with floured 2-inch biscuit cutter. Bake on ungreased baking sheet in hot oven (450 deg. F.) 12 to 15 minutes, cuits.
Good Looks I |

Vs J

F

h
This Simple Way Eases Pain sud Discomfort aai Sore Throat Aecompaayiif Colds with Amazing Speed
fy(Vvlr<Vt£k.
vvw
A Slim Flatterer . . . Utility Frock For Now and Bungalow Later
THE TRUTH ABOUT'
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Can superfluous hair be eradicated permanently, without considerable trouble? That Is a question that is repeatedly being put to me. The truth is that superfluous hair CAN be eradicated, but you must be prepared to go to a good deal of trouble.
What causes superflous hair? It Is believed to be a glandular formation. Hot weather sometimes accentuates a growth that already exists, or might bring out a light
Add
«%


V
A
i
Makes 15 bis-
5L*
r**i * t
\
t Vt i
SAUSAGE ROLLS
X
!
z
18 sausages
1 recipe Baking Powder Biscuits (above)
Pan-broil sausages until well browned, as directed and roll M-inch thick. Cut in 2-inch squares. Cut sausages in half; place one-half in center of each square. Fold <}ough over sa usage, pinch edges together, and shape into roll, leaving the ends open. Place on ungreased baking sheet; bake Jn hot oven (450 deg. F.) 12 to 15 minutes. Makes 3 dozen rolls.
Then in circle at upper right:
X
(
I

¦
Jr t
Prepare biscuit dough
L?
hJLTZtt
the public.


Not a Stone Unturned
“The voters want results and the want traffic situations all
do
l

-Aeeârtm" TaMelw — drink a gleeeef water.
TaMewlm%

t

In 2
papers
cleaned up. Fines and lectures by the judges don't seem to do the trick. Some convictions and sentences may have People will be more careful driving If they realize the seriousness of the situation. That's why l*m going to do ray best this next month. And when 1 know a defendant’s guilty 1 am going to do everything In my power to convince the jury of that fact, and I’m not going to leave a single stone unturned. 1 hope this Kent isn't a good friend of yours because he’s an example of what 1 mean. A hit-run driver, a woman killed, a child seriously injured— that sort of thing must atop, and such cases are going to get all I have to give."

t
i

Just Be Sure You Use “Aspirin ’- Do it the Moment You feel « Cold Coming
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and sore throat accompanying colds.
Try it Then — set vour doctor. He probably will tell you to continue •Aspirin" because it acts so relieve discomforts of a cold.
?
V
$
better effect.
tit
t
* /* e
iW
fl *
%
l X
CHEESE ROULETTES
1 recipe Baking Powder Biscuits Melted butter
1 cup grated Canadian cheese Salt
Paprika	|
Prepare dough for Biscuits as directed. Roll into oblong sheet, % inch thick. Brush with melted butter. Spread cheese evenly over dough. Sprinkle with salt and paprika. Roll as for jelly roll. Cut in 94 -inch slices and plac^ on a greased baking sheet. Bake in hot ovez^ (425 deg. F.) 15 to 20 minutes. • Serve hot. Makes 18 roulettes.
« *
with
*1 f « k h 4
f j8i *1	% i
_ ujc
fast to And to reduce lever.
This simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely supplanted the use ot strong medicine? in easing cold symptoms. Perhaps the easiest, most effective way yet discovered.
«?

1

f Ah-it Is a ¦ grand idea sweetening my morning | cereal with
3396
SIZES 16 - 60
lemind and 6et^
ASPIRIN



(To Be Continued!
¦
m Hivr
O| iis s
Tucking In Bad
For Baby’» Feet
LiJg J
By LOUISE LENNOX
Here’s a chance to have two new cotton print home frocks instead of one. Easy to sew! Easy cn your pocket-book. A delightful casual style*that is perfect for bungalow and for local shopping later on. The tie sash at the back, permits you to adjust the waistline to suit your figure. You'll find it so quick to launder. It opens out quite flat. The slevees cut in one with the bodice. Style No. 3896 is designed for sizes 16,
18, 20 years, 34, 86, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50-inches bust. Size 36 requires 8 yards of 89-inch material with U yard of 18-inch contrasting and 2 yards of braid.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state j size you wish.	*
O

TRY IT TOMORROW
HowYou May Reduce Varicose or Swollen Veins—Heal Ulcers
:-tN SYRlf
s Don’t tuck the baby in at night, Dr. William Cogan of Cambridge warned, at a meeting of the Massachusetts Chiropody Association, that "tucking in aids development of hammer-toes and drop foot, for it forces the foot into an unnatural contracted position.”
EMERGENCY BISCUITS
2 cups sifted flour 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder
% teaspoon salt 4 tablespoons butter or other shortening 1 cup milk (about)
Back Ache?
Does
your
A Simple Home Treatment
MMMsaa fèêm
took weeks to i be helped much more quickly. If yoe here varicose veins or bunches, start today to
¥F your back aches *and your sleep is disturbed by the desire for frequent urination, you rosy need Dr. Pierce’s A-nuric Tablets. Mrs. Ida Ebert, 365 Ferguson Ave. N., Hamilton, Out., mays: “I had to get up five or six times at night. A pain
ny
to that
Raising of horses is being revived in Latvia.

Do This If You’re
NERVOUS
CATARRH j 5^00^
$ ;	>,Tp‘n ,uwhol#"
srassrti sr-irEas

MILLIONS HAVE FOUND
FROM
NASAL
should begin to grow smaller and by m approach norma’.
ins to the en-

a short time the
ss
People who or swelling».
• It if so penetrating and small bottle lasts slung 1
to try a
be
11 #f my back Id kasdly get up Plerto*« A-end*
I war sad
la Iks
Doaa
t s
&
t-d. Dr
I all !c!« •
Ipe4 me kldmeye
grwi 17. After
Issue No. 10—’39
I fell
B
• e •
?uhrSdF I St
fee Dr. PI«r<V.
• nothetfhew to go "emlll
ledey. See hew neck belter yea feel
) th<*
B
Ate
w
###PAGE###7###
er a sell-out or ft washout. The Automobile has had the effect of rendering the hotel trade unsteady. The travelling public has gotten away from any standard routine of Its movements. It Is here today and gone tomorrow, with the result that hotel proprietors never know how many patrons to expect — Woodstock Sentinel-Review.
Romance Is Shorn From Movie Kiss
Better Not Try It If You Get Cold Feet
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Bed y

as®
*>
fmm









Kissing on the screen Is iai from ibeing a romantic affair John Pitt, former screen actor and director, told members of the Canadian Progress Club in Montreal last week. The screening of a single kiss was often, be said, pro-ceded by hours of effort to secure the proper position, stance and posture. “It is a wonder,” he added, “that kisses appear as real as they do on the screen."





WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
Now Is some confounded parti: u going to ask Hon. Ian Mackenzie what the Bren gun looks like? — Hamilton Spectator.
SPRING IS COMING: It may not even be in the air yet, but wo know It's Just around the corner. Premier Hepburn has returned from the south. The robins will be next.
see
THE ARM REACHES OUT:'An unimportant-looking little despatch Jm the dally newspapers last week mentioned that German-born residents of the Province of Alberta, of military age, are being asked by the German Government to return to Germany at once under threat of reprisals against relatives In '«the Fatherland”.
Can the Canadian Government do nothing about this sort of thing? Or has such a net of terror been thrown around our German-born cltliena that they dare not speak? We know of one German woman, resident here tor a dozen years, who Just looks at you dumbly and shakes her head If you ask any questions about Germany, plight of her relatives there, or her opinion of the Nasi regime.
•Ie *
PROMISSORY NOTES:	Vincent
Sheean, noted American author and foreign correspondent, who has Just returned from the European scene, says that If Premier Mussolini declares that the Italians will leave Spain when victory comes, he moans only the Italian Infantry will get out. Mr. Sheean explains that Franco owes Mussolini $2,000,000,000 or $3,000,000,000 In promissory notes, and that Italy will be in a position to demand a military alliance to cut France's life line to her colonies In Africa. “The next crisis will be In the Mediterranean between France and Italy, ponslbly
la Tunisia."	. IËIËksS
The
WHEN SNOW WAS WELCOMED It cost Detroit $70,00* o remove the snowfall of one week, in our days on the Tenth Concession a heavy snowfall was considered a splendid co ring for the winter wheat, and also good for the clover. —Peterborough Examiner.
BOOK SHELF
By ELIZABETH EEDV
IT POURS
DAYS OF OUR YEARS By Pierre ven Paaesen Of all the books written by foreign correspondents about their experiences abroad, their observations of current history in the making, this is one of the most absorbing. “Days of Our Years" Is the autobiography of a man of intense feeling, acute perception, who has been on the Inside of world-shaking events, eye-witness of almost incredible happenings, In intimate contact with the great and glamorous ligures of our age.
Pierre van Paassen Is a Dutchman who came to Canada In his youth, attended Victoria University, went overseas from Toronto. He «•me out of the 1314-1318 conflict with • profound loathing of war and the armament-makers, a passionate belief In peace. After the war his work as correspondent took him pretty much everywhere, from Abyssinia to Spain, France, Germany, Syria, Palestine.
When It comes to presently events, van Paassen# Interpretation is authoritative. The man seems to be a prophet.
"Days of Our Yea re" . . . Pierre van Paaesen. . . Toronto: George J. McLeod, Limited. . . $3.75.
CLEANLY

r f
w



tSfifSr
A*
NOT INSOLUBLE With more cm: 4 on the roads Ontario had 451 fewer motor accidents In 1938 than In 1937, 136 fewer persons killed, 607 fewer Injured. It le not great progress, but It Is something, and shows the problem Is not Insoluble.—Ottawa Journal.



* >	4

#





«
f# :

. ;
'V
44>A
w
I


A

r
1
m#

88

THE HANDY POURING SPOIL
jor the tw pound tin
It's frw—write 1er mm NOW
FOR WOMEN ONLY This Is to be the season of frilly blouses and here and now It must be stated that It's about time. For If there Is anything that will turn the attention of the adult population away from the grim and sorry business of wars sbroad and political difficulties at home, It Is a gay and lacy blouse.—Timmins Dally Press.
;
the
Nearly 1,000 skiers swarmed down on Huntsville, Ont., as the northern Ontario winter and summer resort officially opened its 1,600 acres of trails and jumps. These two pretty lassies brought their bathing suits out of moth balls for the occasion and reported that they “Were not cold —much.” In case you should adopt the idea for your own ski-lag expeditions don't blame us if you don't feei as comfortable as thete two
lassies ^^-^ïi^mmÈÊÈËmÈËÈiÊiSitÊËÊÈÈÊ^mÊÈmmËm
be
# Provides mesne of accurate
te.
Vaccination Introduced By • Englishwoman
Turks Had Practised It For
• The protective %ggMwa
FOR SIX CENTS A WEEK There are 2,000,000 workers In the United Kingdom who pay elx cents a week to provide hospital treatment for themselves, if and when needed# The income per year for hospitalization has reached $30," 000,000. What a blessing alike to patients as well as hospital authorities such a system would be for this province? And there Is a belief that It will come to that some day.—Bt. Catharines Standard.
HAZARDS IN HOTEL BUSINESS It Is not easy to make money In the hotel business. Even the own-era of more modest hostelries have been unable to show very encouraging returns. They must maintain establishments for a sort of hit-and-run patronage and are never sure whether they are going to encount-
PUCK
CHASERS
Tell th# keys that portraits of fas
NEWS OF O.H.A. DOINGS
CANADIAN AMATEUR HOCKEY There is going to be a real old-fashioned dog fight among the senior championship teams of East» ern Canada before a winner la declared for the grand final wind-up of senior hockey In the Allan Cup series. No doubt the fact that this year's winner qualifies for the Olympic games of next winter has had much to do with the general strengthening of the senior hockey situation In Eastern Canada.
COB* SYRUP
fected The Process.
The Famous Energy Food
California fisheries produce more wealth than her gold mines.
ns CANADA STANCH CO* UmNM.Ti
Who discovered vaccination? Nine out of ten people would probably say It was Edward Jenner, but actually he only perfected the process and overcame the superstition and narrowness of outlook that had for a half-a-century prevented It from taking an Invaluable part In preserving the health of the community. The practise had been known to the Turks, probably for centuries, but it was a woman who Introduced It Into England, about half-a-century *»3fcre Jenner perfected the process.
At the time of her discovery, one of the most important In medical history, Lady Montague was living st the British Embissy In Constantinople, where her husband was Ambassador.
During one of her Journeys about the country Lady Mary saw an Arab doctor surrounded by a group of mother* who were handing their babies to him. The doctor dipped a needle Into some liquid at his side and then Jabbed it Into the infants' arms. Puzzled and Interested, Lady Montague made Inquiries, and learned how these children were being infected with cowpox so that they should be free from the danger of small pox.
Arab Doctor Practised It
The Ambassador's wire knew that In those days smallpox outbreaks held a most important place England’s health problems,

$
SQUEEZE-PLAY:	While Britain
and France were rushing last week ta accord recognition to Franco's regime. General Molesworth, head et the International Commission evacuating foreign troops from Loyalist Spain, was declaring that there was still enough food In Loyalist territory to carry on the war for another two years; enough man power to hold out Indefinitely against the Nationalists. Munitions only were lacking but the Loyalist Government, with the third largest gold reserve in the world, was unable to buy them.
First Chechoslovakia. Then Spain. It's another case of being “sold down the river”. Democracy all over the world will suffer Immeasurably for having allowed the sell-out to take place.
MORE CIGARETTES FOR YOUR MONEY
#
Two Ontario teams playing in Quebec leagues may cause the biggest upset of all. The famous Cornwall Flyers, who won the Eastern Canadian Senior championship last season and went Into the Allan Cup finals against the Trail Smoke Eaters, are leaders In the Quebec Provincial League, having completed their regular season with a commendable margin over the rest of the circuit. Like everybody else, the Cornwall Flyers are engaged in their league play-offs. They lost but nine games during the past se* and several of those setbacks came when the team was riddled with illness and Injuries. The Fly-lost about eight players from last year's team, but to the credit of Coach Don Penniston they have
done a fine Job of rebuilding.
# # #
In Ontario there are two senior teams that are likely to go places. Right now Toronto Goodyears, who their regular Senior “A” O.H.À. schedule without a defeat.

winning 15 games and playing five overtime ties, are engaged in a final play-off series with the improved O.M. Men of Oshawa. Toronto Goodyears won the first game of the final best-out-of-three games by » 3-1 score. However, Oshawa Is still very much In the picture. While Toronto Goodyears are favorites to win the Senior "A" O.H.A. crown, they hardly expect to down the Oshawa opposition in less than five games.
<
P
Tobacco
EXTRA MILD ,
PACKAGE
y* LB. TIN 5$c
son
?
FIVE CENTS A WEEK:	There’s
10 denying it, we've been getting good entertainment out of the G.B.C/i new radio programs. Typically Canadian material, attractive —something we've never had before. Why kick at paying a nickel a week for a radio license when were taxed that much for every packet of cigarettes we smoke?
ers
By Fred Nehei
LIFE'S LIKE THAT

a
0 0
«
Am PIPS OARX
01
0
©
I
rff
I
a i i ?»
If

won
B 0

0
THE WEEK'S QUESTION:	How
does the new Income tax In Oer-affect childless couples, bachelors and spinsters? Answer: Bachelors and spinsters begin paying tax at a $386.40 annual income. The amount of tax on that income is about $3.60; 45% of the Income of married couples, childless for five years, can be taken up by the state, even though their income be only $720 a year.
THE TEA THAT IS HEVEI INSIPID!
rZ,
wmOEEWMffi——ww
and she spoke of her discovery to
the Embassy’s official physician, Mr. Mgltland by name, who was, of extremely interested. He discovered how the vaccine obtained and inoculated all the members of the Embassy, and on his return to London in 1721, four years later, be set up as a specialist in the procès* for the comparative few who believed in vaccination at the time.
Mo!
1 got my name in the
paper!

iiW It,
'M

course,
soon
»
« »
news of vital interest to you
Headlines may scream of death and disaster without causing you to raise an eyebrow. But if your son gets his name in the paper— that's real news!
It isn't by accident that this paper prints so many stories which vitally interest you and your neighbors. News of remote places is stated briefly and interpreted. Local news is covered fully, because all good editors know that the news which interests the readers most is news about themselves.
Now is a good time to learn more about this newspaper which is made especially for you. Just for fun ask yourself this question: How could we get along without newspapers?
KNOW YOUR NEWSPAPER

• m
ft
%



Finds Reporter Resembles Thug
SILVERPLA
y
RTZd hT
Picture Frames
It's pretty easy to ruin the effect of a fine picture by choosing the wrong frame. The more simple, the less conspicuous the frame, the more distinctive the art itself will be. It should harmonize with the color tones and character of the room, as weP as the picture itself. Exceptions to this rule are Japanese and Chinese prints, which may always be framed in harmonizing lacquer.
Loodon Man Feels His Fi
fiO
Grow Red In Police Line-Up
• n
One London (Out.) reporter went around with the red face while authorities cast glances of suspicion at him. After two London men had been arrested on charges of holding up a St. Thomas butcher shop, a man and a woman came t# London from Woodstock and asked to look at the prisoners. The Woodstock couple had been held up two weeks ago and thought the London pair might have been the bandits, ff?	. îSlIfÇ; t
a*
*-te
TulinLumutdW A


first, officer.”
“Now count t
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ

t
m
i
i
Looked Like Bandit There were not many prisoners !a the police cells at the time so asthoritles asked a group of reporters and a photographer to stand In line with the two prlson-When the newspaper men and the two prisoners were placed In a line along the wall at the police station, the Woodstock couple were brought into the room. The woman Immediately attracted by the


\

&

1
f

%
&
h
t.
X
%
\ A\r*'
ix
x

/
i
ers.
Ti

*r
i
(%
rs
1
/
S
fc
vv

i
4 t
\
V*



r
r

5*
Vs
I

V/
«B
«•That one looks more like one ef ike bandits than any of the otk-
JA
l
era,** she announced.
"Boo-Hoo — Boo-Hoo," walled the Kan-
"Or her milk toast" proposed Uncle
The man she pointed to was a
SflliB PWK
••Who are the Fuddles anyhow/' asked ?oat
Hen rir llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
•aid the Kangaroo, getting it out at last
“Oh !" cried Billina, with a cackle of re-
"Boo-Hoo. : karoo. But eee here, said Dorothy, "you don’t need mlttene this worm weather. "Oh. don't ir asked the animal, stopping her so he end taking her paws from her face to look et the little girl In surprise.
"1 have lost my
i
garoo. 1 have lost my
*1 can’t say exactly, Aunt
Boo Hoc. Boo-Hoo." "Poor thing." said
Norik York school children are bigger than their Ontario parent» were, says H. M. Brownlee, town-#& p sc! ool administrator. Desks b the lower forms have constantly
didn’t you say eo before.’* oouidn't,** answered the Kmn-
roo. "It Isn't
•eai'-

“In
wayr asked
I am sure/*

###PAGE###8###
Shawvllle Council
l/tzlzizi^tinZiZiZizix


Clearing Sale of Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear
March 6th, 1680
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the Villagt of Slmwville, was held at Hynes Hall on the above date. Present : His Worship, Mayor O G. Mellow- , ell, in the chair, and Councillors, j A.O. Hades, C N Woodley, G A. Howard and K Cotie, forming a quorum of the Council.	j
The minutes of the last meeting j were read and approved on motion of Or-. A. O. Rules and Ho- (
ward.	..	, I
The following bill- wore submilled to the Council for consider- J ation
Gatineau Power Co., street
lighting ...... ......;
Gatineau Power Co., water
works....................
Gatineau Power Co., «treet
lamps................
Bernaid Beaulieu, hay lor
Mis. Howatd .............
Gordon T. Paul, premium ...
Emerson Cotie, ...........
Hector Telford ..........
Jack Barr ................
•Vinos Anuitage..........
Borden Corrigan..........
John Kel y ...............
Hector Telford ..........
Billiard Horigins .......
Mr-, R Howard............
HODGINS
GARAGE
Thisiea
reproduction of
TITE-LAP
Matai Roofing
so widely used on farm buildings. Easy to put on, permanent, fire* proof, minimum upkeep. Write for coat estimate.
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
8
Red Label, Pure Wool, Combinations
Regular;$3.50 for 82.96

S

Gold Label Combinations
s
a
Regular $2.75 for 82.26

$02.82 46 30 r
a
a

Gold Label Shirts and Drawers
g

PREVENT DAMAGE
Regular $1.60 for 81.26
Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 96 ctS.
31.201
8
§

1.05
Eastern Steel Products
Jjtnïfêtî
%
a
10 00
5 10
4.40
Prevent damage to your Car by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
Regular 90 cts. for 69 CIS.
Buy Now and Save at These Reduced Prices
8 40
8.40
2.40	-----
1 Egg Prices Good
a
a
a
1 20
a
87.30
a
The average annual prices paid
going bills be paid.—-Carried.
Moved by Cr. A. O. Redes,
Glided by Cr Cotie, tlmt this Council make a special grant of #25.00 for keeping highways open for winter motoring, to be paid to Mr.
eindicMte the warble fly or heel- held m Hynes Hall ou Monday, March fly within the limits of this Muni 1 27th. 103'.), from 9.00 a,in. to 6 00 p in. cipality.	•	for the purpose of approving or dis-
Sloved by Cr. Argue, seconded approving By law No. V3, a copy of by Cr. Woodley, that this Council which appears elsewhere in this issue, apply to the Provincial Govern	J. A.DEAN,*
meut for a grant of $2000 00 to he	Sec.-Treas.
spent for ronde on a fifty-fifty
basis.—Carried.
The following committees were appointed Waterworks
Rades, J. M. Argue, A. O. Rades.
Street committee—G. A. Howard E. Cotie and C. N. Woodley.
Health committee — Dr. Powles,
A G. Brough, J. ti. Coxvau.
Moved by G. A. Howard, second ed by Cr. Cotie, that the present Town Constable, H. Speiberg, be dismissed after due notice and that tenders for the position be called for immediately by advertisement in The Equity until the
next meeting of Council on April 3rd, next —Carried.
Motion—Cr-. Howard and Cotie. to adjourn.—Carried.

5 00
B
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher

was as follows :
* A large. 3‘io ‘A* pullet 2U\; 'B 23c,; ’C’ 21c
A medium 27c
sec
B
B

B
B
Notice of Meeting
B
B
?
B

B
B

B
Shawville Bakery
!
§
a
B
J. L. HODG1NS
%
a
Phone 64 J.
Tattooing Poultry
For a tasty loaf try
B
committee — R. I*
The Clarendon Farmers' Club wish to advise Poultrymen of the district that they are co-operating with local branch of the Provincial Police to curb poultry thieving in the district. A poultry tattoo register is being prepared. Please apply to the Secretary for particulars.
CLAUDE ELLIOTT,
Secretary Treasurer.


i^ZlZ|Z|ZlZlZlZlZ|ZI

Shawville Bread
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1939 by
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Ltd
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co
For Use of Improvements
•I
Octopus Is Most Feared
by Small Sea Creatures
Dreaded by all small sen crcn-tvres is the octopus "tide in crevices on the seabed and lie in wait for unsuspecting crabs and lobsters
is within reach out go the long tenta-
Teaehera_Wanted
for Clarendon Rural Schools and for be ow two unwinking eyes set m a
"» o— -	’S&ST.ET".
These whiplike arms are covered with rows of strong suckers along the undersides, and they hold their
When an octo-
Sawlogs, IT feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure. .
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet Board Measure..............................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure............. .....................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet.........
Pu Ip wood per Cord.......................................
0 cents
ra
It likes to
Harlasd C. Row A r
Sec.-Treas.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Whenever a shellfish
6| cents
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
7h cents
75 cents
High School
Maple Syrup Equipment
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
5 cents
---- victims by suction
pus is sitting in its den the arms are coiled up underneath the body with the suckers outward ready for a
E. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary.
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now I we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
White Woman of the Genesee
Mary Jemison (1743-1843) was captured by Indians from her west-
«MB ÜÜ
met in theChureli Hull,Thursday, He was manied in 1882 to can Revolution she was given a March 2nd, with the president. Almavette Warren, of Escott, who !arge tract of land on the Genesee Mrs. Herb Brown, in the chair, w left to mourn his loss ; flb-o one She ,ease(j much of it ,0 white sct.
sm&ZZTZ ES““ - :: S3 an "" -
only seven members and ten A special service was conducted visitors were present.	» by the Lansdoxvne I.O.O.F. with
Mrs. Jessie Stark had charge'of j N. G. Borden Dillon and Cham the devotional period The meet- plain Anthony Kemp repeating opened by ringing 14 What a friend the ritual. Among the many
we have in Jesus,” Mrs. Bert floral tributes were wreaths from Stark lead the scripture. The the Oddfellows lodge and from the topic for the devotional period Rockfield and Shaw ville United " Our Outlook on Life” was given churches.
by Mrs. Jessie Stark The Loid s Among those present at the prayer was repeated.	service were Rev A F. and Mrs.
Following the business session, Fokes, of Shawville, Brome Fokes, refreshments were served by Mrs of Gananorme, and Harold Fokes.
Jessie Stark and Mrs. Leslie Dean, of Queens’ University, King The next meeting will be held in the Hall, April Oth, with Mrs.
Bert O. Stark and |Mrs. Herbeit Brown as hostesses.
Starks Corners Womens Association
be forced cut again through a small, funnel-shaped tube behind ils he id The creature swims as it breaths, by taking in water through its gills and forcing it through a tube with a sudden powerful spurt. This sudden rush of water often drives the
Li ke°Uie *o?hermmi a He r* (stands of imTVe journey more com
it* §ii§f
years ago by its discoverer, Columbus, who, in telling his queen, Isabella, about it, crumpled a piece of paper in his hand to make an impromptu relief map.
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.

Longest Period of Mourning
In 1671 Francis Frankopan, or Frangipani, a descendant of a long line of governors and defenders of Croatia-Slavonia, was executed for conspiracy against Austria since, says Collier’s Weekly, the women of Crkvenica, now in Yugoslavia, have worn black' clothes in mourning for him, constituting one of the longest periods in history in which a city has constantly ex
ston
Reductions on
Memorials
Young of Some Animals
Weigh Little When Born
It is claimed that new born opos-
WÊBÊÊÊÊÊ^KÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊkums	grains ##
On Sunday afternoon the funeral compared with the mothers weight
wan held of Robert A. Foley, of ten nnunds The young are born
father of Mrs. A. F. Fokes who with well-developed fore;egs that died at his home near Landsdown, enable them to crawl into the ma-Ont., on Friday, March 3rd. The ternal pouch immediately after service was conducted at the home : birth, where they remain for some by Rev. I). J. Campbell, pastor of time.
the Escott United circuit, and , it is str.ted that the kangaroo per-interment was made in the Union hops heads the list in this respect, cemetery.	jThe mother, sometimes taller than
The late Mr. holey was SS years a man> gives birth to young that are of age at the time ot Ins death	- .	.
He was an outstanding Jersey
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and Penetrates
23 cts.
Per Bottle
2 for 45 cts
Made in Canada
Ever
Where “Red Square” Got Its Name
Contrary to general belief, the famous Russian “Red square” did not get its name from anything relating to the red revolution or the emblem of the Communist party. It was
cômmuZm%%o:g^f,^ pre^diUgr,eMor,h.deoth.f.
Mr Robert A. Foley
in
Marble and Granite
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a
loved one. -
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
The square was named in the Middle ages, says Pearson’s London Weekly, and the Russian name for it was “Krasnya translated as “red ’ in English. In Russian the word means beautiful'’ as well as “red.”
sia
which is
C^tVHie
than one inch long. Both the
He wa« active in with the mother s weight of two
le
Ra, Sun-God of Egyptians The sun-god of the ancient Egyp tiens was Ra, the principal perso fication of the supreme being; the Pharaohs maintained they were his descendants. In Greek mythology, Helios was the sun-god, son of Hyperion and Theia. Valhalla was never an object of worship; in Norse mythology it was the hall of the slain, the palace of immortality xvhither, by direction of Odin, the souls of the slain were borne to immortality by the valkyrics.
i
his large farm ¦¦¦¦¦¦I	¦¦¦¦¦
municipal life, being reeve of the hundred pounds or more. township of Escott and member, These three animals undoubtedly of Leeds and Grenville county produce the smallest young in corn-councils for a number of years parison to the weight of the parents He held the position for years of of any wild animals.
President of LandsJowu Agricul- Virginia white-tailed deer give turnl Society. He was a leader in birth to fawns weighing about four the activities of Kockfield United pounds while the mother tips the (formerly Methodist) church since sca e at t0 i# pounds, youth being a member of the.
Phone or drop in, and let me show you how Brsy Chicks made real profits for poultry men last year. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
G. HAROLD BOULTON M
THE CORNER STORE
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works , Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre St# SHAWVILLE.
QUE.
BRISTOL. QLB

