###PAGE###1###
U
$1.50 pen annum in Advance 2.00 to the UnitedStates
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, FEIiliUARY f? 1040
û7tii Year
No. sa
• * : .
~ - '-m
CI.'tiiimhirtî^WonuMi Institut»*
hi « ¦ ¦ t i n
on Tuesday cv.âmjiur/ loti» in-1., JMi’. Bi*il Foreman, was a week at 8.00 o'clock at tire home of Mrs. eM(j gunst of friends in Montreal B. II Mee, Shaw ville. Hrbgraln :
Education1, under the direction of the* convener, Mrs Clarence Hayes.
.pi'Ajyp , CàIihi vaiA- A' giwid 5fr. Samuel llorigin», of Ottawa,
prizes wifi Jw a\waded* t titiptM.'• best	AirWt^rn^f-
being made for special fancy and vomie lentille* by outside talent.
The gtW>>d ftdtyis.lÿh	by-15.
PERSONAL MENTION
GO W LING BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Women* In-ti tntn will ni' ct it t'if» home of Mis M. II McGuire, f Feb’y lit!,
Work
Stuk'- (
ni

Shawville Hardware
ii Thursday even
, at 8.00 o'clock for hospital
mg
Program?
Roll c »ll—Sing -ong
Mrs. II. Millar, of Ottawa, *j>ent thoove^k-cnd With her * daughter, Mr< J. P. Wibon.
Elmsid#» Women’* Institute will meet at the home of Mr. XV. II.
Doils on Wednesday afternoon.
Feb"y 11th, at two o'clock gram A contest Jtoll call — Ex change of Valentines.
Shaw ville Women’s Institute will meet at the home of "11e.
Edgar H origins on Monday even ing, Feh*y 1*2, at 7.30 o'clock. Roll
call—A Quebec* County and what it is famous for. The assisting hostess will he Mrs. A. I). Me*
C red i e
The annual skating party of the Sliawville United Y P V. is being
begins at the rink, after which it 129 Main St.,Hull, Que. will adjourn to the Sunday school |	n . ,,, p
room. Invitations to the various , At.MoyJe . Hotel, Campbell . Bay
solietfes invited have already been ; every Wednesday morning /< ^ent to the Presidents of the At Pontiac House, Shawville, every -i>( ietn	Wednesday afternoon
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
I»
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most . modem in Ontario. Attend a school with, ah v.established lepntatioir. Open all year.
Miss’Marjoiie Hayes, of Ottawa ÿpent 11 ie weekend, wit)»
parents Mr, and Mrs,’ W- J. Hayes
;
lier
CuJfTeçd Bill : Cet Some Today

i Mr. Ourdou Stmtt, .RC.A.F., Ottawa, spent the week end at the liomti.qt jib mut her, Mrs. ilet.bei t Strutt;
Mi.h. Jiaryey Brownlee, was a recent guest of lier parents, Mr. and Mrs... Simon Mm tineau at Quypp.	,	.
i MrV.Hubt. Clamper, of .Ottawa, if visiting at the borne , of - her patents, Mr. and Mrs. Milton R. McGuire, at Murrells. ,,	.	,
Fte's Cor man Morrison and Edgar Stark, Cameron Highlanders, Ottawa, spent the week end witii tiieu^ieJatives in town and vicinity.' ’ *	.............
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W, BRAITHWAITE Vr Mv*\ :
Poultry* Régula t
or ? and Egg Producer rm Powder 'and Tonie
Mr Murray STmlth Appointed Collector of ProVincihlHevemid
%
W
JAMES A. MILLAR
."tl^^Cdugh and Cold Remedy
!	- v
% ^Poultry Worm Tablets ^^%f'%Adimal Regulator, •
. v Roup Remedy - Lice Killer,;. 7
#
Mr: St#nheri (Murifiiy) siirkh, M Mni ylitttil. W.Î " IM^betin •'t*-'
aniitilirfi'y1 eelW4()r4iif ’ 1‘invnrhW,
Smith returns to a
B A.. LLL
revenue
East. Mi.	- ¦ /•.,
position ho help prior to the thine years dining which the Duplessis Government was in power.

>^t
Reportai St/u-Jt’s Cornera W A
MARRIED
:
HARLAND G. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Tlit- Stick!* L irneiti VV.A,.met rbiiHidny afternoon, hebmary 1st in flic Chinch Imll.
The .'ttovotional convener Mtw.
Seri I Sly gave Out the opening hymn, “Bunging in the-Sheave-which with followed by repeating the Loi riV Prayer in tint son. A portion of -c-riptni e wa- iea,l by Mis- Gertrude Lsitch, Mrs. Seul Sly then gave an insjiiùng t:il</m
mât^aem
Mrs Le siDean *ailg a duet entitled * Let me help -onieone
%% d.«35'te‘ i-'5S2S # .*
s* s*
der tobe'donaJd to the A-Hotia- ShawviUe High, School timi. The meeting closed with the Defeat Quyon Juniors 7 to 4
The next meeting will he held on Thurdav. March 7th, at the home Mrs. Clifford Fulford.
Shawville and District Branch Canadian Red Cross Society
T R OTTIE R -r M C L AUCyiU N St Janies' Catholic Church, Portage du Fort, beautifully decorated for the Ate tty wedding at
•ei|li£ o'clock on Thursday morn- ,	, „ „ ,	„ ....
iîig, Feh'y M, of Mist Ada Mary Owe-la the Ci. F. Hodgms Jkukliijg
MeLawghliis of Portage du Fort |	• Main Street, Shawville. Que..-»
f Renfrew, |	"___________________'_j_
on
I
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C; J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE
; The folkiwwig mug* in size 'of aocka has been rV<j nested \—
Socks shpipU	to heel
iintertd hi	.
I-siied by order of the work
committee,-	.
to Rene TrottFi Rev. J. \V\ Archamb mit performed the ceremony and wl-o celebrated tlie nuptial ma*p,
T. K Richard-on played the ' wedding imi-ic and hymn-
P. Morin
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
T. y: r nurhk,
‘	Secretary
ShaxVville and Campbell s Bay Divide Honors in Weeks Play
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
: UtoiphelTa Bay, Que In Lawn Block)
Mi
J () K FIC K
were »nnar by the choii -ang a m,1o.
The biide wore a daytime die-» of blue ta IT»4
Wabasso Prints
H ty
desigrind o;i simple with -liort putferf sleeves with shined Initie-- at tile -honl-A navy turban and blue ae ce-torie* completed her co-tutfNÜI Mi»- Evelyn Cameron attended t lie bride and wore a celane-e ray* on crepe die»*, with acce»-orie- to match
The be»t man wa- Paul Morin, principal of St. Janie» School.
Following the ceremony, a wedding Ine »kt i»t w 1- -«‘I VhJ At Quyon on S ttmday after- I home of Mr, and Mi». D. Me <tiaw ville High School
in)
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L B.,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
H ockey League phi ye 1
dei
New Wabasso Prints For Spring
1
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
Charming New Patterns—Bright and Colorfu Always maintaining WABASSO QUALITY Three Price Ranges 20, 25 and 30 cts. per yard
Matters dealt with by!corre>ponden
at the cCallum.
Many gifts were received by the couple who will take up resilience in Renfrew.
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
nnon
hockey team defeated the Quyon j young Juniors by 7 to 4.	;
Considerable tough stuff was j
-- bake* J, Rny Hobin j aiul John j Mrs. Harold Judd, Mrs El wood At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
sSiiiL.:;.sr°;..Lh-s^iuixks*.tes g*,»¦«»«• >»•
, Sinn- m * ^.«rjsrwiss *"*«-¦»»
returning fiom bbinwil e to ms p. ,,
iiailil2!:
uid coin*
AVOCAT
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC

Shower for Mrs. Martin
WAEASSO, POLIN, PIÇUE, SURETTE
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m
WJL
D. J. CAMBPELL
evening.
The gift- were presented in a dec-mater! ba-kt-t by Mrs. Sharpe and Mis» Lynch and the recipient ex-pre>»t-tl her thanks in befitting terms
| About twenty friends wet e pie .pent an 1 dainty refreshments were served b> the hostes»e-.

Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
%
%
I
I!
r
:
F
Phone 3I
?
Kev

Pastoi
delivered an impressive	e
fol ting henu »n. As a special -elec- : St Alban s Church
tion the choir «-ang, ‘Does Jesus Vestry Meeting	jjr James Riley Passes
interment WH- made in Maple The annual Wstry Meeting of Suddenly Saturday evernng
Grove cemetei y, the pall bet re is St Alban s Cmpcb, Parkman. wa«Ü being Me-srs. Theodore 1 lodging held on Monday evening, Ljn >'
Int Hamm. Hulbeit Aim-trong. 22nd with the Incmnbenc Lev.
John \ Hobbs, E. J. Barber and Mr. Ligget in the chair.
Garrett Wul>h.	The leport fui the yeai 1030 tv t
Mi Muni-on w:i« born in Shaw- retd by .Mr, Hi )-. Mean, ville 04 years ago, the son of the Mr. Harry Hudgins was appoint-late Calvin Slorri-on and hia wife, vd the Incumbent s waideii and the former Mi-s Sarah Jane Arm and Mr. Thomas Mean re-elected
In 1SSS lie went to British People’s warden
Mr. Harland Hod gins and Mr.
F. Smart are delegates to Diocesan
Synod	.
The report of the Ladies timid was read by Mrs. Ligget in the absence of the treasurer Mr».
Harry Hudgins which showed an
>ver tire previous year Rev. 'Mr. Ligget thanked the agrégation for theii support in the work of the church.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon

rfT
i
*
Gnduate of MeGill l Diversity p. it Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWV1LLE. QUEBEC
Phone 10
At Campbells Bay from Friday Monday night of each week

È
i
m
u
Mr. James Riley, an aged and well-known citizen of this district died suddenly at his home ju-t „ I south of village limit-, on Saturday evening. hVb'y 3rd
Sir. Hi ley had been in exceptionally good health and hi- death
i distinct shock to hi*
He had visit-
m

%
*Wï;v, ,
X

—4

1


»

ht t
came as
family ami ft tended relatives in the village during the afternoon and collapsed in ills chair shortly after eating supper. Mr. ltiley. who was in his 81th was a native of Manche-ter,

i
i
strong ¦ -	111 ¦ .
Columbia anti remained in Unit province for over twenty years, engaging in prospecting and torn time cooking in the mining ami lumbering camps. Following his return in 1910, he purchased the Morrison homestead in the Zion
and built a
comfortable home where he had resided until the time of his death, lie was a member of Stubbs Like Fish and Game Club and H-hing was bis favourite pastime. Dining his residence in Zion section he
attended and was a member of the
United Church	! The death occurred recently, at
He was twice married, hi* first his late residence, 20b Flora street, wife died in Hriti-h Columbia, and Ottawa, of Suuuel iMvid Deven-he is survived by hi* -econd wife, j nvy, after a lengthy illne-s. He the former Miss Claire Thomas, of wa* in hi- «Kith year.
/iUM ; one son, Lawrence, of Horn at Buckingham, he was the Ottawa ; two si-ters, Mr*. Harold , son of the late Adam Oevenney, Steele, of (fuyon, ami Mrs. I) maid j and his wife the former .Janet M e-Fraser, of Ot tawa ; three brothers, i L’nlloiigh. Educated in Mucking Raleigh C , of Shawville; H irry, ham, hn married Ida Morrison, of of Renfrew, and Fred, of Cha-e Bristol, in HMl. While re-iding in P (j	Ottawa, he attended Erskine Pres
beautiful floral hyterian Clmrvli and was a former
elder there. He lmd been in failing Baskets — Son, health for the past seven years, Or. W. II. Pruden ; but prior to that lie was an active
: of . the Central Lawn

Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST

i
r
m

«
i
609 Drummond Medical Building ;
y eat
England, and canto to Canada n 187S, Hh first settled in Mattaxva and for a time resided in Toronto Montreal and otite:
Eastern Canada
Thorne township for a great many years and about ten years ago came to Shaw ville.
Surviving are his aged wife, the former Mary
daughter, Miss Gertrude, and one -on, Thomas, both of Shaw ville : It grandchildren and grandchildren Joseph Devine, predeceased him, in 1U3V.	r !
The funeral was held on Tuesday afternoon from the late home of the deceased to St Paul * Anglican Church, where set vice was conducted by the Rector, Rev. i T. E R. Nttr»e.	.	j
Interment Anglican cemetery
XM
*
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
section. Clarendon
increase
towns in
He resided in
\

k
t
<•<

iV
<5
DU. WALLACE J. W. HGPCINS
Surgeon Dentist
. Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Samuel David Devenney Dies After Lengthy Illness
Ann Smith ; one
Smart new matenals for Housecoats. Dresses, Aprons, and other fancy articles. Greatly featured at our last
40 to 45 cts per yard
!
great A daughter, Mr.-.

Wabasso Demonstration

BELAIR 3 257

vv
^\\V\\\\\V\Wv\VvWCvWCvW «rv
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Hollywood Patterns
Ear, Nose Throat Sfieci
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING 1 80 METCALFE STREET
E>
was made in the
i
Among tin
tributes were the following Pillow — Wife
Lawrence .	....
Hugh Johnson; The Fraser Family; membei The Morrison Family ; Mr. and Howling Club.
Mis J. M Argue and family ; Mr. Surviving, in addition to hi» and Mrs. Bill lienolds ; Mr. and widow, me : two sons, liaitland, Mis. J. P. Wilson ; Mrs. Georgina of Winnipeg, and of Allan Provid Ilodgins ; W. A II ml gin.sand staff ; ence, H L; a daughter, Mrs. J. K. The Thomas Family ; Mrs. Mai v Lee, of Kouyn, ; two biothers. Gamble and Lois; Mrs Frank , Hubert, of Haileybury, and Chas , Armstrong and Mr. and Mrs. ' of Buckingham; a sister, Mrs. Fred Hulbert Armstrong ; A. J. Amy ; | Skelter, of Montreal, and one Mr. and Mrs. Harold Uagg ; Mr. giandchild,
and Mrs. C. T. Wilson ; Mrs. Kobt. The funeral was held on Monday Kiliott and Mrs. Jack Davis ; Mrs. afternoon, January 29th, from his Jean Hynes and Lome Menifield ; late residence with interment at Zion United Church Congregation. Pinecrest cemetery.
Simple easy to follow instruction chart with every Hollywood pattern, 15 and 25 cents
ONT
OTTAWA
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE j ~
PEPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
465 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA,	ONTARIO
j	SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins, |
Reg. Optometrist	Reg. Optometrist
W. A. Hodgins, Lt'd
Shawviile
Quebec
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
Well Known In Canada
»
Produce Better Cream, Butter
Ontario’s Grand Old Man Celebrates 96th Birthday
VOICE
of the
PRESS
I
NEWS





Told of Govern-Products

Ontario Dairymen ment Plan to Improve

g#


PARADE


J. !.. Haker, chief creamery in-

R


«ÿ








The tempest in our own Ontario Legislature bade fair last week le rival the European war in significance as far as Canadians were concerned • . . Damned by some, «raised by others, the Premier Hepburn-sponsored resolution censuring Prime Minister Mackenzie King’s war efforts made the prime topic of conversation here . . . Hie action threatened on the one hand, to split the Liberal party; en the other, to get Mitchell Hep-hern arrested under the War Measures Act, a wag suggested (see section on statements “prejudicing recruiting”) . . .


SLEIGHING NOT SLAYING
Canada! Sleighing




Fortunate parties instead of slaying parties.
—Toronto Star.
&

be

a#
this year.
‘•We plan to do more '
the producers in noting that in 193V the instruction branch concentrated more on
SS&ASSÏÎ?™*;
Among suggestions he offerd
dairymen in a co-operative scheme
to better quality of cream and
butter were proper grading of all
cream with payment to be made
accordingly and the holding of
short courses for cream hauli
to educate them as to proper meth-
on the
work with ho said,
«



--0
•Alv
ANY OTHER SUGGESTION?
H. G. Wells says this war is
either the end of things as they or the beginning of some-different. Has anyone else


m





$
m. %


arc now

thing
any better suggestion ?
London Free Press.
'.V.Vv>

%


a»*c aypuuniuent of uenry 8. Gage to the position of General Sales Agent of the Delaware, Lackawanna A Western Coal Company, has just been announced.
Mr. Gage was formerly Sale* Agent for the company in Ontario and Western New York and is a well known figure in the coal bU3-Iness in both countries, having spent much of his time in Canada before being appointed to his present exceptive position with the organisation.
easy not to listen
Getting on the air and taking it for granted that thousands arc listening is an error. The thousands may be listening—but to something else. Or they may not be
listening at all
Peterborough Examiner.

e e •
•tv.


During the twentieth week of
___	between Germany end
Dm Allies, the Italian Government approved the largest military budget, $682,000,000, mine# Great War days. Italy’s armed forces weald he made ready, a Cabinet statement said, for any eventual-Mg ... • tremendous explosion to a London, England, gunpowder toctory killed half a dozcivju-Jared fifty ... the Western Front grew active for a time when the Germant* began' bombardment of As area west ef the Saar . .
Stockholm, Sweden, readied airraids precautions . . . the Italian tor Orasio caught fire and sank,
British destroyers
went down, and many neutral merchant ships were mined or torped-aed . . . Great Britain acknowledged the loss of three submarines, toe affair ef Hore-Belisha’s resignation blew over . , . First Lord ef the Admiralty Winston Church-1B made another of his vivacious, pugnacious radio speeches ... 21 Germans escaping from the U. S. aboard a Japanese ship were taken
eif it by the British . . . Swiss	M
Being in areas bordering on the	club g0 lnt0 New y0rk alter a
Belch were given notice to expect	week’s tour and come out undefeat-
evacuation at any time . . . Ger- ^ Th*y held the Rovers to a 3-all troops were reported massed tle Brothers Lockhart, Thompson along the frontiers of Hungary . . and Mls8 Mulany. Secretary of the
Rovers' Booster Club, haven’t got
over It yet.
LIMIT STICK LENGTH
The C.À.H.A. rule on wee-length hockey sticks is now In effect. And that means strict enforcement of the rule limiting the length q( hockey sticks and width of the blade.
Hockey
sticks shall not exceed 53 inches from the heel to the end of the shaft and 14% inches from the heel to the end of the blade.. The blade of the stick shall not exceed three inches in height, except in the case of the goal-keeper’s stick, which shall not exceed Z\b Inches. SENIOR "A" NOTES Hamilton gave Goodyears a real in the Mountain City, losing
oda of caring for cream
farm
In connection with licensing of creameries, Mr. Baker said the dairy branch “did not feel mclin-ed to hurry creameries into making improvements, but necewry changes must be completed before 1940 licenses are granted.
During inspections for 1940 certificates, approximately 67 per cent of creameries were approved without having to make improve^ ment., he said. This compared with a figure of 11 per cent in the previous year.
IRON ORE IN CANADA
The year 1939 was notable for
at least one thing—Canada began I
to mine iron ore. There have been |
previous activities but the Helen
Mine at Michipicoten looks like the
first permanent operation. The ore
is sintered and a train load of this
arrives at the Soo daily.
Sault Daily Star.
rèSSgSWSs

building and maintaining tbs various tissues, it is made fit by the liver to destroy harmful products-in other fluids of the body.
KEEP IT MORE ACTIVE It has long been said that lif* depends upon the liver; it might well be said that “your every-day health depends on the liver.”

v

e #
"PUTTING OVER” A NEW FLAG The Tribune has ko objection to a Canadian flag, as such, provided that the people want it. But such a flag would have to be duly authorized by the people’s representatives in Parliament This paper would object to a "national flag” being "put over” by hole-in-the-corner methods.
Liver Performs Sixty Functions
duclng vast numbers of these natural sirens. A cock, with a ben or two for company, penned at say half-mile Intervals in the gardens of our towns, would cost the ratepayer
and possibly have loos bricks thrown at them/'
HEAR SOUNDS INAUDIBLE TO
Puck Chasers
&
M
m

It'# An Important Organ In The
Body
of the body has

less money than wardens.
i

TOPICS OF THE CURRENT HOCKEY SEASON
Every organ	^	,
one or two jobs to do. Dr. Robert
G. Contrell, Englewood, NJ., in
Clinical Medicine and Surgery,
Y-j
Winnipeg Tribune
US
Wild Horse. Go When War Comes
During the World War 1, we told, parrots kept In French . fortresses and on the Eiffel Tower In Paris gave wv%,iing of t* 3 approach of aeroplanes that they could not possibly have seen, before they discovered by human beings.
are
Congratulations are in order to Bob Crosby and his McIntyre Mine team. They are the first Canadian
“Not so with the liver for there is hardly a part of the body that is not directly or indirectly affected by the functioning or working of this large gland.’1
"It is conservatively stated that
the liver has from sixty to one hundred distinct activities, and that every other important system irculation, digestive, nervous •is definitely influen-
A j
<?if.

B.C. Intensifies Round-up in Carl-
Range Is
Needed and Foxes Require Meat


L
boo Ranchland
wero
At night, during that period when enemy planes were wont to ily overhead and drop bombs at random, the pheasants in the coverts inland were the first to discern the explosions of the bombs, or defending anti-aircraft guns, and to hasten to issue a warning of approaching evil. In this way, the%r behaviour has helped to throw light upon the problem of the of silence" around great



1
Grain ef Salt Needed
Fifty-below zero temperatures caused frightful suffering to both soldiers and civilians in the Arctic theatre of war ... the Russians were driven back on the Saiia sector, on the Karelian isthmus and morth of Lake Ladoga. (If a count made of all the Russians reported at different times to have been killed in this conflict, the staggering total of two millions would be reached . . . news magazine "Time” warns that figures
. Bri-
The war means death for thousands of wild horses which roam the Cariboo ranchlands in British
Columbia's interior.
Provincial government officials have ordered an intensification of the 1940 roundup of the animals whoso forebears escaped from the ranches and became as wild as the
deer. Hunters were urged

t
and other ced by the activities of the liver.”	______
jA Grand Sweetener for the Morning
<
Cereal
•H
711
CLEARS OF IMPURITIES All the blood from the digestive -stomach and intestine
The rule is as follows:
A
apparatus —is carried to the liver to be filtered and cleared of harmful substances before it goes back to the heart tD be sent to lungs arid thence to the heart to be sent to all parts of the body. The blood must not only get rid of carbon dioxide and be enriched with oxygen by means of the lungs but before it can do all its work of
“zones
detonations, which, after skipping these zones, became audible, the "inaudible" soundwaves were evi dently “picked up" by the pheasants.’for they acted as if great ly agitated. All of which adds to our store of knowledge concerning this Interesting game-bird.
were
moose or to clear the range of every wild
horse, if possible.
Tho round-up ing control measure In the Cariboo but officials said ir should be in lento preserve as
an annual graz-
i
is
sure grossly exaggerated) . . tbh officialdom last week advanced the belief that given 30,000 men and 200 more airmen,
E
Bee Hive Syrup
sified this year much grazing land as possible for
fill produce food-
livestock that
more
plenty of armed equipment before May, the Finns could hold the Russians indefinitely . . .
“Coal Butter” Is German Idea
scare
out by a 5-4 score . .. M. J. Rodden, veteran official, made his first S?n-
of the season in
stuffs.
Hunters taking part in the round up can
the owners of branded horses, or slaughter the animals for fox meat.
receive .$2.50 a head from
By Fred N^her
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
lor appearance the O.H.A. as referee at St. Catherines . . . Galt signed a new centre player, McCaffrey, from Ottawa . . . Jack Astle returned to Niagara Falls after a four-week absence . . . Goodyears signed Joe Start, onetime professional, as spare goalie.
Prognostications
Outstanding theories of the week: Hanson W. Baldwin, military and naval correspondent of the New York Times, said Germany probably will adopt a policy of a "war of waiting” during 1940, sitting tight as long as she can be assured of supplies from Russia ; a political writer in the Paris "Temps” advised that if the Allies would undertake naval action in the Black Sea ( which is Russia’s tender spot on account of the oil wells in that region) Soviet reinforcements could be kept from going to the Finnish fronts; Karl von Wicgand, one of the most experienced war correspondents in the world, staked his reputation the prediction that Italy will ge- into the war on the side of Germany ; a trustworthy Polish ob-declared that Russia is like-
Exile Tells of Progress in Making Edible Synthetic Fats
Germany is prepared to make edible fats from coal and shale, Quito literally, in a pinch she can her butter from coal.
Details of 'his discover) given to the American Association for tho Advancement of Science by recently arrived German expatriate. Dr Willy Lange, who was formerly an assistant professor in the University of Berlin. His figures covered developments up to midsummer, shortly before start

0*5
r


zx
/


//
@ r '

Luxuries Now Coming Higher
//
- .ike
/
%
Z
%
//

'/////A

.vere
V//,



m
%

Canadians Who Like Their Caviar And Paris Perfumes Will Have To Pay Plenty in Wartime
O
y/r

zo
tan
NTARIO
UTDOORS
/
I
.1


?
/V


The luxury-loving Canadian had to economize on his purchases sinco was was declared.
Caviar will likely off swanky menus since the cost ot this luxury. Impôt ted from Russia and Finland, already has trebled in price. Some Imp tried cheeses are barder to get than before the ^aland special Jam. marmalades and
higher on the
nas

By VIC BAKER
>J

m
s
of tho war
be scratched
WAR AND WILD LIFE
Synthetic Chemistry
Fats and copper are the two materials which informed scientists here said Germany was most
short of in war. This
During a recent discussion on annual fall classic, the
Ontario’s
pheasant shoot at Peloe Island, learned with great interest that the pheasant is playing a part in England’s Air Raid Precaution system by means of which the heart of the Empire is protected during these war times.
A letter appears in a British outdoor publication as follows:
"In these days of substitutes, why not a few pheasants instead of the much-maligned A. R. P. warden? As one of the latter and a keeper of the former, I am relying my birds, both by day and night, to warn me when It Is time to stop patrolling the village and to take to cover. By way of war work the pheasant farms, instead of closing down, could be turned on to pro-


we
m
i-t 4
likely to run
month there have been news ports that Germany was progressing on tho fat problem with new
synthetic chemistry.
* Tho coal fats. Dr. Lange said, are made by blowing steam through burning coal to produce carbon monoxide and hydrogen. 1 his pois onous gas is tho starting substance which, with subsequent chemical treatments, becomes first industrial fat, and then edible fat.
Shale Also Used
Shale, of which Germany has a larger supply than of coal, :s other starting material for butter substitutes. The shale Is first converted into oil.

en
* >
re-
s %
X .

7
\
%

sugared fruits luxury list.
CHINA, GLASS, SILVER
tting tho higher imported
x
,
/
I 'O
/;
server
ly to cede the Galician oilfields to Germany in return for a large slice of Central Poland, including
ages
Perfume* ar/

and many

brackets
French scents are becoming scarce.
Jewellers Deliev will not suffer materially during time. New sources in neuttral countries have been discovered to replace the novelty and jewel wares usually Imported from Eurocountires now at war. But or-
Warsaw.
their business
MICKIE SAYS—
!
Y
war

o

OB
XVHAt IF TUERE ARE SIZ.MESSES W T0WA1 MAKW' MORE MONEY THAKI US V WE 6tT A LOT O16ATISFACT10U OUT O' BEIN' ABLE TO HELP FOLKS, AM' IN AAAK.W THIS À BETTER.	^
TOXVM rl V
peau
ders of china, glass and silver are filled more slowly because of transportation difficulties.
&D-
6-i9

(Ormibt. l«7, by rw
“Wanna Buy A Goad Watch Dog, Buddy i’
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-Bird of a Dog
n

<
ON,YEAH ?WEIL OOMC OH OVER TO MY HOU.SE AH til SHOW YA
eutiPtfionyE V TA WISE fj
lookit what he
DID TO OUR CUCKOO CLOCK/THAT* WHY I COTTA SET v RID OF HIM/
whaddva me^n ' biro occ?rix
BET THAT MUTT COULON' SPOT A BIRD A FOOT AWAY/ ^
DO YOU WANT !.. BIRD
DOÇ,eUMP?

<v
I
n
1

\

m*y

I
iVP
/A
G
r
it


n
-
n
:
i\


Z|4|/C«r« fl|ro«e
» •

n S"
1
9XZ&
###PAGE###3###
Derek's Impending talk with Mise Thorvald — nor In the next
Constance continued to write to Derek, rhoerful, chatty letters all about her experiences at the store , —. there seemed, strangely enough, to be so little else she had to tell Derek about, since of the one thing closest to lier heart she would not write. She thought some of lier efforts really amusing, even though > she sometimes composed them with tears In her eyes.
Derek's one reference to her
1 am a lit-
f'FRtSH AND FlAKYf'
EXTRA TASTY!
Tea At Its Best

, -*•*

mm
, m ChrWs
y \\
cheese®

FF

m






m

(f
2
1

'<


work had bien to say tie hurt, darling, that you did not take my suggestion that you give yourself a complete rest until we can be married.*'
On what? t'onstance thought a
But of course it was

I
w
r

/
rt/V-/Z/v

z


LOVE LAUGHS
AT TMl DOCTOR

Ta
lit le grimly not Derek's fault that she had thrown her money around like a
Z
?
prodigal fool.
In the meantime, it was rumored in the department that Lucille was hotter. Klsa O'i hi re referred to it
flour into which has been sifted the soda, salt and spices.
Turn into a buttered mould or individual ones. Steam for three hours. Serve with the following sauce:—
Ski ing Dates Back to Legends Of Scandinavia
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Cop/right, 1936, NEA Servie», Inc
T

T


onef
Së-
lfko In tliIiik Joan of Are must 11iivp been. She needs only a battle standard t figure.
CAST or CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAI DWELL —hVr Dine; the stand in.	/
DEREK M ANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O Fi V ALO-Derek painted her portrait.
OR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.
aille lo Ivep you if you care to
I hope we’ll Ik» . . That is
A
A
;

make a really heron
L
stay
B
Const an ce, ignoring the implied lineal ion. murmured her thanks There had been no letter at from Derek for over a week.
One day Constance, opening the door into the room where several of the girls wore laughing and talking, found herself entering on a full stop. As she crossed the room, she was conscious of veiled glances
f
Vanilla Sauce
1 cup brown sugar X tablespoons flour 1 cup boiling water 1 tablespoon butter Vfc teas pc on vanilla Mix flour and sugar thoroughly. Add boiling water and cook un til there is no taste of raw starch Remove from fire, add butter and vanilla and 1 tablespoon of Beehive corn syrup.
1 would suggest you serve as vegetables, creamed mashed potatoes and wax beans (canned it necessary >.
Now It's One nf the Fastest Grow ifig Sports in North America
;
"J think you would like her tro menclously. To appreciate the unusual quality of her charm, one must see her in her natural environment, Hie gorgeous golden California out-of-doors at the piano . . . that she has a glorious contralto volve? She is making a collection of strange, barbaric songs that I've never heard before live airs with haunting phrases and unusual Oriental sounding intervals When she sings thorn they seem the echo of loves and fears and triumphs, and deaths from some far-remote, unknown land.
"In a day or so 1 hope I shall fee] well enough acquainted with her to tell her of our engagement. 1 shall have to be careful. She in kind that it would make her frightfully uncomfortable to realize what a crimp she put into our plans."
It would, Constance had tu admit to herself. Illldegarde Thor-raid was kind.
But I wonder If it has occurred to you, J>erek. Constance thought, that I'm being made a little uncomfortable, too.
"Mr. Thorvald is so busy, and young George is away so much," I>?r<*k wrote ou. "that she and l are oftiu alone in the evniage. She enjoy* being read aloud to, and 1 have been reading to her lately some uf the books of travel and exploration of which she buys so many. For some strange reason she seems particularly interested in Tiln.t. She has a huge illuminated glolx- on which she follows the text as I read."
K
L

3
!
j
r
f
s
E
One ot the fastest growing sports in North America over the lost decade lias been skiing, a sport that goes hack centuries, but that only now is reaching towards its possible peak as an entertainment and exercise.
ë
%
i.
or, per liai» b, Have I told you
Bv SADIE B CHAMBERS
Constance accepts
Last week the invitation to ride home with Doctor Rogers and returning to »ier work next morning feels vague* ,y uneasy about affairs at the store.
YOUR SUNDAY DINNER
following her.
Then Pauline, who wtv? bonding magazine open on a table,
Here's something
Many week-ends the homemaker faces the problem of what she is to have for Sunday dinner. Something nourishing, somethin" different, with an appetizing appeal and then with a memory, that lingers.
f suggest an Old English dinner, which should answer all of the above requirements. For this of Roast Beef is the chief This meat is one of the
LEGENDARY TALKS Unlike many sports, the origin of which has been dug out ol s.uue ancient Egyptian or Persian tomb, ski ing by its very nature, is a sport of the northern hemisphere, and began centuries ago in the Scandinavian countries, still leaders in producing masters at the intricacies of the sport.
That skiing is an old sport is indicated in Norwegian legends. According to an ancient tale the Germanic race reached the Scandinavian peninsula on skis. There are also stories of Norwegians of 1.000 years ago who know the art of jumping from mountain ledges without falling, continuing dow* the mountainside cn their wooden
wild, plain
over a
CHAPTER XI
Elsa O Dare was sitting at her desk when ('onstnneo went Ip. “You wanted me, Miss O'Daro?' Constance asked, uneasy without exactly knowing why.
Elsa O’Dare laid down I lie papers she was sorting, folded the desk tup, and.looked up thoughtfully.
•Tin given to understand," she said, “that you allowed a gentleman who came here with one of our customer» to drive yon home
said smoothly that may interest you, Constance."
Gertrude cried, “Pauline!" sharply; and someone tittered.
Knowing that she wu« walking into a trap, hut seeing no possible retreat with dignity, Constance moved over to the table and then glanced down at the open page.
The magazine to which Pauline pointed was a pictorial bulletin of gossip concerning the great and
the famous and the
READERS. WRITE IN?
Chamber» welcomes
Miss
personal letters from interest ed readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and «s even
course
so
course
easiest dishes to prepare and with the new methods of roasting, k
little watching and no
In selecting
ready to listen to yovr ‘pet
Requests for recipes
near-great merely infamous.
On the page spread before Constance read over the caption: CITRUS PRINCESS AND INTERNATIONAL PRIZE WINNER
she saw a picture of Ilildegarde Thor raid and Derek, snapped as they lounged under palm trees The story underneath began moral that a romance is ripening between the beautiful Ilildegarde Thor va Id and the handsome young artist importai from the ea«r to
requires
basting or searing the roast, you will have a choice of a rib roast with the bones left in of one Which has been boned or rolled. If a real large roast
find the standing rib
last night
“Why,
wondering. “Yes, I did. Ilia mother was kind enough to suggest it.”
“I am not questioning the personal propriety of your doing so." There was in Else O'Dare’s faint something puzzling that
peeves
or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West
Constance said
ye*,
Adelaide Street, Toronto
runners.
The enthusiasm * of Canadian - and of those not so youth-ha* found a great outlet of recent years in this an oient pastime and as soon as there’s snow in any hilly district in the Dominion it doesn't take long tor the different slopes to become covered with enthusiasts.
you may-typo preferable, ft needs only one garnish and that of spiced apples or other fruit. Thera is no difference in flavor but the one with the bone retained will cook a litt.e fa«tei as the bone acts as a con*
y out li
Magic Mistletoe
smile
'..'onutnnee was to remember later. •Hut there happens to bo a rule n the store that none of our employee* shall accept attentions ‘mm the male relatives or — ah, tppondages — of our customers. It is. i believe, much resented
ful
It is ru
We know that the Druids valued mistletoe because of its medicinal properties, hut doctors to-day are finding uses for its healing properties. Dr. Ferdinand Mattausch uses it successfully in cases of high blood pressure, and like the Druids he finds that only mistletoe growing on apple trees is of use. Even in fairly advanced cases his mistletoe medicine is usually effective in from four to six weeks, but in all cases there is reduced pressure, slower rate of pulse, and improved arterial circulation.
duct or of heat.
Sprinkle the meat with salt and Place a rolled roast fat
but
paint —"
Constance did not read any fu (To Re Continued i
here it Is*
“l don’t resent said, flushing. 1 know anything about It."
She thought. Why didn’t Miss
pepper
side up on a rack in the pan. A standing rib roast needs no rack. Place roast in a slow oven (300 F*. Do not add water and do not co *
Allow 18 to ‘JO minutes
it.” Constance 1 simply didn't
Slightly Stale
tlier
FLARED PEPLUM FROCK
Bread baked 2,500 years ago was found recently among other relics of long vanished Scythian towns by an expedition from the Russian Academy of Sciences in the Ukraine.
To Make Your WaUt Tiny
c-tt* warn me
er pan
to the pound for a rare roast and 22 to 25 for medium and J to 30 per lb. for a well done.
To have the perfect eombin-1 ation. you must serve Yorkshire pudding and horseradish with Roast Beef dinner. Then a perfect ending is the plum pudding or a simple steamed one. In case you may think it a bit too soon after Christmas for the real Plum pud-
Lonely Evenings
Constance was finding her own evenings uiiendurably lonely.
Since the beginnings of Dereks swift courtship until he went away there had hardly been an evening that she had not spent with him.
Eisa U Dare raised liw
You
“Well
«boulders in a little shrug
You have been duly
4
r •
#
¦HA4-
56?
snow now idmonished. Don't do it again And liât is all. Î think."
& iJ
t
r.

\
Two Enemies
J’an lino *as loitering in the corridor when Constance went out. Hhe shot a furtive, probing look from under her lashes at Con* stance's untroublW face, and as if dissatisfied with what stie • here, bit her lip an<l turned away.
I tut Constance was not so untumbled ns she seemed She was beginning to realize that at least ; wo of the women here *nd lier ally. Miss I<etu* bar enough to want to see her hum Mated. And Constance had never before known an open enemy.
There was author letter from Derek tot her when she went homo
i
EXIT MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES!

dancing, at a play or a convert, or quite as often just sitting in her j cosy chintz-hung apartmeui.
It was almost impossible to touch au article that had not some poig nant association with him; the armchair in which he used to lounge, his fingers clasped behind his handsome blond head, while she sat on a footstool, tier head ag ain«t nis knee, and they talked and
The gateleg
a
DC
f/1
<3
a
' p
%


m


saw
HH
ding I am giving you a vet y simple steamed pudding. eas\ make and very economical.


SJ
:

1
i
0*
X
Yorkshire Pudding

Pauline

1 cup flour 3/4 teaspoon sait l cup milk - eggs
Beef drippings
Combine flour and -alt and add milk gradually, stirring to form a smooth paste. Then add eggs and beat for two minutes with an egg heater. Pour into beef drippings to a depth of about 3* of an inch. Put in a hot oven (450) and bake for 20 to 30 minutes; decrease the heat as the baking is done. Cut into squares and serve with roast beef. The secret : be sure there is plenty of dripping.
m
'/A >
disliked
1
talked and talked table at the window, where they had eaten so many gay, into- mal little suppers by candlelight . . . The piano, where he sometimes sat for hours and played remarkably well.
It was three days before another letter came. Derek had a great dent to say about the convenience of the studio Mr. Thun aid had fitted up
about the Widal beauty
about his

I

m
i

%
;
iil

Éfti
m

/

for Derek loved music
MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
JOE: I’ve got to quit this job, Jim—it’s got my nerves
all shot—they’re so bad I can’t sleep and I’ve bt-cq Atjoboy! Let the
wife go out to work
- for a change!
that nlglit.
“MiM T hon aid and I w ent for a long horseback ride yesterday.’’ he wrote. “Perhaps I should tell you that tho Baron has placed « beau tifu! mount at my disposal. Miss Thor va Id is magnificent ou horseback
v
suffering a lot from indigestion latcl)
r
1


/

k
&

v
for him
of the fruit trees moonlight horseback rides long last. Constance found the paragraph she had boen waiting for:
“Something came up litre after I wrote you last that has made it impossible to bother Miss Thoi va Id with my own affairs for the
5101
:
P>M
A
m
C
SiZ.il Z -4C

much as poets and artists
m
A»
m
S-.


'J**
*
(READ Atout THE
i! mi
HORSERADISH TRIFLE
!d equal measurements acd whipped ci earn to the «horseradish prepared in the usual way with finger and seasoning. Beat until light. If any of your family think they do not relish horseradish I guarantee after tasting this relish, they will be real addicts to the concoction.

*•5
V

I
«

Immediate present.
“It seems that there is somt little trouble about her brother, to whom she is devoted. I do not entirely understand the circumstances; but I gather that the young <ul has got himself mixed up with some woman, and that his father is furious. The poor girl is lit a terrible sjx>! between the two. 1 am sure you will agree with me that it is out of the question to intrude our plans on her jusl. yet."
It Constance felt that some of tbis chivalrous tenderness might have lie en devoted to ner own need,
OFFER BELOW ï>



JIM: Maybe it’s that coffee you’re always drinking* Joe — giving you caffeine nerves. Why don’t you try Postum for awhile! You’ll see u big difference !
MR. CAFFEINE NERVES
Look out! — Here comes the old fat Iter ly ad lice!
By LOUISE LENNOX
A tiny waistline is yours for the making. Here is a two-piece frock that you will love to wear because it gives your waist that fragile look. A perky pvplun, scalloped around the bottom, and a foul gored skirt out on generous lines make this style particularly smart. A tiny scalloped collar in white to frame your face or a lower head shaped neckline ami short or long sleeves, whichever j
make a lovely wool t or silk dress fur mid-season wear.
Style \u. 3101 is designed for sizes 12
Size D* requires 3:St yards of 3 inch material; or, 2 yards of 30 i inch material for skirt and 1 h yards for blouse.
i Send fifteen cents < 15c), (coin •eferred) for Pattern, to Lou-Lennox, Room 121. 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plain



Ü
CARROT PUDDING
1 cup each of sugar, raisin*, variants, suet, grated carrot and grated potato; also '% cup chopped dates.
1 egg
1g teaspoon salt l teaspoon soda 11.a cups flour
t teaspoon ginger and nutmeg Beat the egg, add the sugar, beat well; then add the suet, grated carrot and potato; next the fruit Mix thoroughly, adding the
k


>1
v
EDWARDSBURG


\

%
CROWN BRAND

/, 7%


S

)
%
:

she suppressed lhe thoughr sides. P was uni chivalry yhe want Hi from Derek If ho did not long * you pvefet
He

1


!
1
! «UP
as she did for him, then
(iiyiliin«4 from
And one
for 1
she did not wan him, she i*oId nerself

i
1 1, IK. 3d, 88 and tO
WH. CAFFEINE NERVES:
G a n g u> a \ ! — Post it m al way» chain me!
JOE: You were right, Jim—J switched to Postum for a month and feel like a new man—no more caffeine nerves for me! I'm sticking to Postum !
i
hat
i on Id not blame Derek foi fine svnsit ivem ss that made him
> t he mood# of


/
o ay inpat he lb bo.->e about him
rASTHMA 1 BRONCHITIS
1
• Many people tan safely drink tea and toffee. Many others—and all children — should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum\s 30-day test. Bus Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. I hen, if yon do not feel better, retyrn the container top tv General Foods, Limited. Cobourg, Ontario, and we ll gladly refund full purchase price, plu« postage. Postum is delicious, economical to prepare, and contains no caffeine.

s
Ha
I

/
young
llll
\ a
I hv
I
I
?
o
I

/

I
M

AND TOUCH. HANG ON
(

t
i
t
,FEMALE PAIN
\
m
COUGHS ™ COLDS
. mO FASTER TOj
I
I
inmvH
i
I t.
i su w
c.r»
w

regular
utfvr painfu
W mm p< riud
\
1
dltt
1 in
THE CANADA,STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
l.vdia I
t
Hlll'Uld
tv f
\
I
•table Compound. rr.ad< P ak, rundown * orovi
Try itt
Pink I,a

I
v
luring *uch **tr> ing 1
»/
ISSUE NO. 5 -’40
• l lv*
I
i






v

###PAGE###4###
is understandable. The saving of life in eartfer years has brought about a corresponding increase in the population which reaches those ages in which the degenerative diseases take their tod. White death, like the payment of taxes, is inevitable, in many cases, the former is vostponable if proper preventive measures are taken. The health education service of the insurance company from which we have quoted has played ; au important put in reducing mortality
among its policyholders, burther light
is thrown on the value of preventative ] measures by the company s experience
with its own employees.
Since 1914, a large group of these, employees have been subjected to j periodic medical examination. In 1938;
the records were compared with the expected mortality from various causes in the general population. It was found that the group that had been under medical oversight hid a death rate far below the average. Deaths from diabetis and nephritis were only 33 per cent, of the expected ; cerebral hemorrhage, 50 per cent., cancer 70 per cent., aud heart
disease, 73 per cent. What had happened i It means that impairments had been detected in their early stages ; the sufferer instructed in a regime ot healthful living, disabling illness prevented, and useful lives prolonged.
The story carries a moral. It through education, an insurance company can improve the health of both its policyholders and its own employees, impiove our own health, iind prolong our own lives by following the same advice. The application of the rules of health lags far behind established scientific facts. Many of the important teachings about health are quite simple and easily understandable. Perhaps the reason we neglect them is because they are commonplace. Yet, it is these rules of living and disease pre-
70 Per Cent. More Pig’s by Feeding the
Pontiac League Standing
NOTICE
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE. FEB. 8, 1940

John I>. Moorhead, of
W L	T	F	A	P
3	O	2 ">	lf>	H
2	0	21	15	<>
4	0	ÎÔ	30	4
Three games remain to be played
He. Estate
i, Campbell’* lUy, Que., deceased All persons hiving claims against above Estate are requested to rile within fifteen days with the undersigned.
Dated 3lst January, H>i0 ! Mrs. Maruahkt R. Hbndkrson,
Executrix,
Campbell** Bay, Quebec

the

Campbell’s Bay, 4 : >rt Uoulçmge, Sbawville,....
4
same
3
SHUR-GAIN
2
Dominion Government Consults Quebec About Parkway
What is Health. And Why Be Healthy ?
Way
An Ottawa delegation headed by F. E Bronson, conferred last week
Dominion Government plans for the Canada's forests occupy about establishment of a national park in 783,000.000 acres, or more than one-Gatineau county north of Ottawa.	third the total land area of the do-
The delegation representing the beder- minion, says the department of
al District Commission, studied means mjnes an(j resources, Ottawa. More of facilitating the task of straightening than gg per cent 0f ^e forest area-out certain cases where letter patents *92,000,000 acres—is capable of prefer lands bought by the Dominion have jucjng timber of commercial value, not yet been remitted to the Govern- p^e remainder of the forests, situat-
ment,	.	?d on sub-alpine, sub-Arctic and oth-
The park, which will have an area ot ?r jess faVorable sites, are of value 25,000 acres, is a Dominion Government ror t^ejr influence on climatic con-
project.	. . iitions, the control of stream flow
Besides Mr. Bronson, commission md water supplies, the protection chairman, the delegation included H. R. ^ wildlife and as sources of wood
Gramm and Paul Ste. Marie, commis- applies for the local population. Of secretary and lawyer, respectively.	productive forests it is estimated
that 230,000,000 acres at present carry timber of merchantable size and )n 262,000,000 acres there is young growth of various ages to meet future demands.
An appeal for a practical program for The total amount of timber of the development of Quebec’s fish and merchantable size in Canada's for-game resources and other tcurist attrac- 3Sts *s estimated at 273,656 million lions has been forwarded to Premier 3ubic feet, of which 170,144 million God bout by James C. McCuaig, honor- ?ubic feet is considered accessible
of the Fish and Game oy means of the present transportation facilities. This accessible and merchantable timber includes 245,313 million feet board measure of Mr. McCuaig enclosed with his letter >voocj suitable for the manufac-a comparative statement in which he ure 0f sawn lumber and 1,107 mil-declare* that from 1920 to 1937 the don cords which may be utilized as waters of Quebec were stocked with pulpwood, fuelwood and mining tim-64“, 145,268 speckled trout, against oer The softwoods, which are in 7,297,673,092 in Ontario waters.	the greatest demand for construc-
In 1937 Ontario received from hunt- tjon and for the manufacture of pulp ing licenses $245,649.92, while Quebec 3n(j paper, comprise about 80 per received only $30,651, according to Mr. :eRt 0f the total stand and about the McCuaig1* statement.	same proportion of the annual cut.
From 1932 to 1937 Ontario had
counties within three hour*’ run of Ottawa with 129,877,350 bass, trout and other fish. For the same period the Quebec government had “planted 3,000,000 speckled trout only in the counties of Hull, Pontiac, Gatineau,
Papineau, Argenteuil and Libelle.
A Layman’s Viewpoint
«
Grains Alone
The world’s largest life insurance
company reports that its one and one quarter million Industrial policyholders in Canada h*ve enjoyed another year of exceptionally good health.
The years 1938 and 39, jointly, hold the honour of having the lowest mortality rate in the Canadian experience of the Company. The record is particularly significant if the death rates from specific diseases are compared with those prevailing at the beginning of the de cade.
If You Feed Hogs on
lbs. of grain to produce ft 200 lb. Hog or 11,000
It will take 1,100	-	.
lbs. of grain to produce 10 Hogs, 200 lbs. each.
Feed Hogs The Shur-Gain Way
If You
It takes 050 lbs. grain and 60 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate to produce a 200 lb Hog. To produce 10 Hogs, it takes only 0,300 lbs. of grain and 600 lbs. of Concentrate.
!
\
You Save
of grain by using only 500 lbs of Shur-Gain Hog Con
Concentrate to the 4,500 Hogs to 200 lbs. in weight.
Mortality from pneumonia has been reduced by 55 per cent., influenza, nearly 70 per cent., the four principal communicable diseases of childhood combined, 65 per cent interesting to note, caused as many deaths ten years ago as did measles, scarlet fever and whooping cough together. Today, diphtheria is nonexistent in communities which have taken advantage of modern methods of prevention. Deaths from conditions associated with pregnancy and child birth have declined about *25 per cent.
The mortality from
4,300 lbs centrale on 10 Hogs.
By adding 330 lbs of Shur-Gain Hog of grain saved you can raise 7 more
Diphtheria, it is
The Result is
sion
The Shur-Gain Way
11,000 Grains and 850 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate 41 pc., make 17 Hogs.
Grains Alone
11,000 lbs. grains make 10 Hogs
Appeals to Godbout to Aid Development of Fish and Game
we can

I., other words you buy *T0 U,s. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate and you get back 7 more Hogs with the-une quantity of grain.,.
in ten years
diarrhoea and enteritis by 75 per cent. Obviously, with the saving of lives, there ha= been a concurrent reduction in disabling illness.
ary secretary Protective Association for the counties of Gatineau, Hull, Papineau and Foil-
Shur-Cain Feeds are sold in this district by
tiac
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REG'O-
N
5
AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY No. 1
PONTIAC

>
Year ending’ December 31st, 1939
of Tuesday. January 23rd, 1940
Doughboys Retain Olive
Doughboys will continue to march n olive drab. The blue uniforms some of them have been wearing )n trial could be seen too easily by
Accepted at Annual Meeting
DISBURSEMENTS
in enemy.
Secretary of War Woodring has announced that while retaining the Dlive drab color the army will adopt .he design of the tested uniforms .0 provide greater comfort for the Cash on
men. Long trousers will replace Members Subscriptions .
Dreeches, and shoulders of shirts ,
and coats will be cut to fit more Regular Grant Quebec Govt oosely.
Wood ring said that tests by troops at five scattered posts showed the alive drab shade was better adapt- Clarendon Municipal Grant .
3d to camouflage than the slate blue shawville Municipal Grant .
‘for all-weather, all-year-round Brislol Municipal Grant ...
wear, and for all types of terrain.” I alumet island Municipal Grant .
S - r r:-—
Admission to Fair
;
1H3H %
1939
receipts
1938
1939
Society Prizes
33.50
$ 733.30	$
$	190.50
304.00 05.00
$	238.50
421.00 68.50
Hoi
Cash on hand and in bank. Januai> l*t
hand for prepaid members
Bushmen Attacked By Huge Birds
$ 172.85 595.75
Cattle Sheep Swine Poultry Dairy Mist ell;
Fancy Work Grain Fiel
Gardtn vegetables
24.50
3.50
743.40
040.00
125.00
300.00
768.60
640.00
135.00
200.00
175.00
100.00
35.00
25.00 500.00 274.17 954.05 317.35 250.30
75.00 173.00
75.00 91.75
56.00
111.50
66.75
27.00 135.20
16.00
12.75 38 50
164.25
42.00
23.50 175.20
20.00 13.00
43.50
Noranda, Que., Feb. 3—Vwo husky provincial policemen set out today from this Temiskaming mining town for a nearby lumber camp to find out just what there is to Stories of woodsmen threatening to leave their jobs because huge birds have been attacking them.
The stories, brought to the attention of officials of the International Paper Company operating the camp, are that the birds swoop down on the lumber-while they are at work in the

c
I
Pontiac County Council for short coursv Pontiac County Council for Fair......
175.00
f
ts
100.00
25.00
$ 091.70
41,261.95
Special Prizes
Hiises
136.65
55.40
33.75
137.65
61.65
50.10
14.60
100.50
<
268.CO 1.141.25
308.95
245.39
65.00 234.00 107.88
57.75
55.CC
82.40
66.35
84.54
71.00 1.034.00
I
22.0C 75.00
I
men woods.
F. A. Harrison, the company’s district manager, reported that “scratches and claw marks on the men are quite evident
hallucination to have seasoned lumberjacks eomiimining of attacks by birds and threatening to quit. However, it has been gnrhg on since October and it’s getting worse instead of better.”
Police were called in because provincial laws prohibit the possession of tire arms by any persons employed in bush operations.
The birds which have caused the lumbermen all the grief are believed to be eagles or some species of owl possibly Arctic owls.
1
I
$ 326.80 95.00 126.65 11.60 206.00
4 364.50 97.00
Clarendon Council
Horse Show at Night .... Dining Hall. Meals Sold Meals given for Services
r
Eve
147.52
Si

Feb. 5th, 1040
Eal
It seems like a
Athletics a Trials i f >
He added
Clarendon Council met on the above date. Present Mayor Barr and Councillors Smart, Hanna, Judd, VVHelen and Macfarlane.
Minutes of last meeting were read and
of Crs Macfarlane
285.61
Midway Payment ...........................
Permission to sell on grounds ............
Rent of Stalls in Barns ............;....
Rent of Hall and Spaces..................
Wilson's Hall ...........................
Theatre (>13.18 and $46.00) .............
Discount off prize money over $10.00.....
Donations for trials of speed and entrances from Quebec. Stallion Premiums
Stallions paid by Owners
t
165.00
80.00
y »
13 a i
(
i
80 00 29. CM
\ m i

*2.50
I
Has
277.50
205.00
77.70
28.84
53.40
50.65
6.45
25.00
73 \
Light .......
P stage . .
T< •
Express and ( Judges ...
adopted on motion and WHelen.
The Auditior’s Report for the year 1930, was read for the approval of the Council. Motion by Crs. H mna and Smart that this icport he accepted as
read.—Carried.
Tenders for Ctdar Squares were open- Thos Eades Loan ed and considered. The Secret ai y instructed to notify those who submitted tenders that their tenders will be accept
for'OxC’s!^ M* Tluee qmmerTof fhit June Ind July Events and Theatre Show
amount to be SxS’s on motion of Cr.s Macfarlane-Judd.—C arritd.
The following were awarded contracts:
3,000 feet
59.18
1V5.51
88.50
1,243.00
1.087.50
2,000.00
300.00
71.75
19.91
51.06
51.00
r, bo
tag*
15.00
$ 164.34
$ 196.4>
Grant
2.550.00
hit
Officers paid mostly by i
tickets .............
Advi rtisli g
Badges ..............
Printing and Stationery
l
Loans on
74.00
¦*
84 50
64.60
76.60 256.45
65.10
86.56
258.38
v\ as
Bank of Montreal Loans
\
52.55
Value Donations
$ 397.65

$- 410.04
Canadian Soldiers to be Trained for Jobs

79.95
8.00
25.00
14.61
228.66
Aud ting
Hay ar.<i Straw ...............
Sundry Labour and Supplies
i ent of Th< atn
Stallion Inspei tion ..........
17.25
118.00
$10,515.97	$8,534.91
Witn two divisions of Canadian troops due for France and an extensive
- =-SF3££ ~ SSr'
=S31if p
alderman for his dole ? Will he stand >>	p*}* '
¦
! jEEF»" jr
$500.000 to get this work under way.
Of this sum, the Legion hopes to secure $80,000 from the Province of Quebec. |
8.00
5.00
15.00
$ 156.25
$ 283.27
war

60.25 21.00
111.06
92.25
239.35
22.00
174.54
238.44
1
Lab-mi
• Gene
ghts*. Mat* rial. Get oral Floodlights ....
111|
er.t
5.000	“
8.000	“ 2,000 “ 2.i "'0 “ 2,000 “
10,000
5.000	“
1.500	"
2.500	“
4.000	11
FI
enormous
STATEMENT OF REDUCTION OF DEBT FUND
248.10
243.10

$
Cash on hand, January 1st, 1939 Less paid to IL J. Tracey on Lean
$ 284.56 105.25 188.21
$ 674.33 105.25 190.99

*
(Coverage I5.500.MO)
Insurane
Dining Hall. Labour and Supplies .. Dining Hall, value for meals as per ether side .......................

5.0C
Balance on hand
65.00
75.00
2.756.90
12.50
R J. Tracy, Loan .............
Interest .......
Estate J. L Shaw. Interest
Principal
180.00
on

22.83
77.17
18.20
81.80
BALANCE SHEET ASSETS
$ 100.00 11.60 13.50 40.00
$ 100.00 30.86 23.35 40.04
300.00
1,012.50
1.243.00
$121
414.26
15.00
21.10
62.45
1938
$ 3.525.00 $ 3,525.00
8,200.00 3.564.56 98.42
5.00	248.10
208.25	172.85
J70.41	733.30
500.00 *	....
1539
Interest and Bank charges ......
Directors Board ................
Soliciting and Special Services Notes paid Bank of Montreal ..
Stallions Loans Paid ...........
Stallion premiums ..............
Sundry accounts previous year
Secretary's Salary .............
Calf Club ......................
Deed expense ...................
General expenses ...............

Land .............................
Buildings ........................
Equipment ........................
Accounts Receivable ..............
Cash on hand for Debt Reduction .. Cash on hand for Prepaid Members
Cash on
Quebec Special Grant.
8.700.00
3.738.89
73.82

2.475.00
1.034.00

406.00
,

hand for Current Account
71.10
a
$7,801.61
733.30
$16,771.37 $16,542.23
$10,495.56
20.41
Cash on Hand and in Bank
$8,534.91
$10.515.97
LIABILITIES
$ 3,000.00
To the President and Members of the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1:
I have audited the books and accounts of your Society for the year
and I have obtained all the information and
Mortgage, R. J Tracey .......
Mortgage, Titos. Fades ......
Shaw Estate (cn land) .......
Prepaid Members .............
Balance of Secretary’s Salary-
Accounts Payable Sundry .....
J. M. Argue on Roof (subject to reduction)
Surplus .....................
$ 2.000.00 ..........
221.60	303.40
208.25	172.85
31.39	11.37
.......	70.84
105.00	105.00
14.205.13	12.878.77

ending 31st December, 1939 explanation that I have required.
And 1 report that in my opinion, the above statements are properly drawn up so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the Society s affairs according to the best of my Information and the explanations given to me and ns shown by the books of your Society.
8 4 80 2 0 I 22 00 10 75
(Sgd ) SIDNEY B. HODGINB.
Chartered Accountant
$16,771.37 $16,542.23
adjourn.
John A. Dean, Sec Treas
9
###PAGE###5###


Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Church Rkv A. F. Fokrs B. A
Sunday, February 11
11.00am.—Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.00 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
At the morning and afternoon services the Pastor will begin a Lenten eerie<
: : ‘‘.Jesus speaks frr m the first subject being “He speaks words of forgiveness”.
7.30	p.m —Service at Shawville. Sermon subject: “Some pictures of God
I
UJJLUUZ13

#7#


The Hodgins’ Lumber Co.
The Equity
X
rr —
l
NEW WALLPAPERS
•I
X

H.Di pAitor
established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SH A W VILLE, QUEBEC
n
X

S
X
5
«
€/
Designs of To-day
One hundred and seventeen patterns to choose from.
If you are contemplating papering your rooms, now is the time while the stock is new and complete.
CUSTOM SAWING
x
%
%
r
B
x

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.60
To United States.
B
X
c We are now doing custom sawing at the usual rates. Notify us today of the amount you
intend having done.
G
s
6
5
*
x
%
2.00
s
s
• •
S
x
r»n the subject the cross".
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper
x

SI
in discontinued
R
b We are now delivering Mill Wood. Place g your order now.
g We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27
t
V
B
20c. per roll up.
W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
X
a


X
Precision Instrument
Aids Eye Operations
A new instrument, which is expected to enable surgeons to transplant a clear cornea to an injured sightless one in about one fifth the time it now takes for the delicate operation, has been developed by Dr. Meyer Weiner, retired St.
Louis eye surgeon.
Formerly the operation required about an hour and a half and its chances for success were limited.
With the new instrument the operation can be completed in 15 minutes and its chances for success greatly increased, it is believed.
Cornea operations have been performed for 45 years, but. only in the past 10 or 15 years were they relatively successful. Cutting out the cornea segment for transplantation had to be done with ordinary surgical instruments and making the segment fit into the eye in which it was transplanted was difficult.
Instead of cutting and fitting by hand, Dr. Weiner’s instrument enables the surgeon to cut and fit the segment by a precision instrument.
It also enables the surgeon to obtain a segment with a beveled edge which must remain in place after
TheP instrument, under Dr. Wei- N	I jfp RmQV QVBTShOBS
ner’s supervision, was used in the IJJ	1*11 w weewj
successful operation on the eye of h \t ns 4 [Suckle Overshoes $2.50 a blind woman in a Los Angeles 3 '	..	0 nn
hospital recently.	N “ eJ 44	^eUU
R	1	4*	44	1.50
Boot and Shoe Department
x
B
X
Bristol United Church Rkv. C. Armstrono-Salbh, B. D
Sunday, February 11
X
I \
x
X
\
.... $2.25
.... $2.25
.... $2.00
X
Mens All-Felt Boots, best quality felt.
« Felt Boots with Leather Sole.....
Women’s Felt Boots with Leather Sole
N
X
N
X
3
10.30 a. m
St. Andrews, Service St. Andrew s Sunday School 11.30 a. m
\
K
X
or
x
î
x
X
2 30 p. m
Service
Service
Knox.
Austin,
I THE HODCINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
X
7.30 p. m
X
Kaufman Rubbers
( Life Buoy )
X
X
Quebec
Shawville,

K
anglican
St. Paul’s
Sunday, February 11
10.00	a. m —Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Morning Prayer 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s — Service Withdrawn

[Kippin]
Mens 15 inch Leather Top Rubbers $3.25 " 12 “
J


75QaaoaQR3®GE2GE2GaCGaGaaGGGGI
WJ


3.00
II
n
/%
il
Hodgins Garage
[Bruno]
Mens 15 inch Leather Top Rubbers 3.85
Sk “12 “
%
X
9
3.50
U
9
a
u
9
<9
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
rm
Chevrolet,
Sales
.... $1.69
Mens 7 inch All-Rubber..............
All-Rubber Boots, sizes 1 to o .... All-Rubber Boots, sizes'll to 13
• •
Parish of North Clarendon Kev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, February 11
Holy Communion, Evening Prayer,
E Thome Centre, Evening Prayer,
x
1.35
X
X
Boys Youths
• •
1.25 t
M
I
10.30 *2.3'.' j g 7.00 S
Charter is, Greermonnt,.

!S
fc
v
R —	I
R Pelts and Hides Wanted §
A Choice Lot to Choose From
| Change your old model and get a better one |
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.	|
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk	|
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe g
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front | 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.D. Tires |
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
B
priiuOlf
(=4
I wish to announce that I am in I § the market for all kinds of raw Its—cow hides, horse hides, ‘•lieep 1 calf'skins. Highest market
1

n
Moorish Controversy
One of the bits of information developed by a controversy going on at Rabat, French Morocco, is that |g “there does not even exist in the Moorish language a word for ‘old maid,’ that poor creature, that vie-
$2.25 R
y
Fri mined Yelet Goloshes
Jersey Cloth Goloshes $1.90 g
m Womens Fui N
I
S
a
an
44
I
<4
g I prices paid. This week we are pay
v lb. for cow hides.
\
s ( )x tord s, Straps and
$1.49 to $1.98 S
Cleaiit g lines uf Women Pumps, sizes 34 to 7 ....

2 10 certs
B
N
B
NUUK IS It, HORNER Shaw ville, Que.

tim of our civilization.” The con- % troversy began when a young Ma- Q hometan, called a descendant of the g prophet himself, appealed to the JJ French authorities to aid in the lib- y oration of Moorish women, who, he 3 alleged, were no better than slaves. H Those who point out the absence of Jj old maids in Morocco, declare that H the legal position of the Moorish 3
better than that of the H
B
s
Ê
Phoue 43
B
Men's Department
B

B
IN
B
B
Men’s Fur Caps, 5 only.............^
Black Kid Gloves (lined.) $2.50
$1.25
M
B
N
B
Implements
On or Ofl
in test than a minute
N
B
N
11
B
N
S
46
Brown Kid Gloves
64 Leather Mitts.....
44 Smoked Horsehide Mitts $1.00
$2.75
4 6
B
M
69cts
t.
B
woman is French woman
t,
M
S
N
5
a
§
v
“ Heavy Tweed Pants ....
Boys’ Heavy Breeks .......
t,
X
Train of Glass	g
A railroad train, the coaches of g which were constructed entirely of g glass between wheels and roof, re- 3 cently left Liverpool, England, on a g tour of important cities of England, : Scotland and Wales to demonstrate I the possibilities of glass for struction, home building and equip- j
ment. *	_
It required more than 120,000
pieces of special glass to construct the exterior of the train. The interior even had a glass bathroom. Manufactured by a Lancashire firm of glass makers, the train equipped with practically every known product of the glass-making industry.
$1.49
t
v
a
a
a
Û
;UOCERY DEPARTMENT
?
(
§
J. L. HODtilNS

25 c
B
25 t z tin 3 foi
con
Gvld Medal Tomato Juice,
s. Kellog< Corn Flake* and Glas* Howl.. •.
old Medal Coffee. ball pound tin...........
Stexvm t Womb" Honey 4 pound size tin _
Drink Fruit Juices tor Health
Inice...............................
i
B
25
B
t l'kK
B
q Phone 64-J.
25

(i


40

TOQQDQGEGEQEES
E

10
fc h
GARD OF THANKS
Apple Change Juive
FOR SALE
r*
15
i
4
4* /

^ 4 44
was
25c
I wish sincerely to thank friend» for their kind expressions rtf sympathy and for the beautiful Moral offerings in my recent bereavement in losing my dear husdand
neighbours at Zion
» 9
h nit Juice. 3 cans tot
2 cans for .
“ 25,000 ** Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send i i ige and rafter lengths for estimate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Deloriinter Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
Chape Pint apple Juice,
25
t!
3
\
Ask for ^
3 The Winter Months are the time for Fish.
J Haddock. Herrings. Salmon. Fillets. Winnipeg Goldeye £
V\
Jâ-W
I especially thank the
with
Vicious Kilkenny Cats	I,
Every one has heard the story of the two Kilkenny cats which fought : 3 until there was nothing left but their ; N tails. The background of the story I 3 is that during the 1803 rebellion in ! N Ireland soldiers amused themselves 3 by tying cats by the tails and toss 3 ing them over a clothesline. The 3 commandant threatened punishment 3 to any caught enjoying this “spurt." I ;
Upon the approach of a guard une i night a soldier took his sword and J* freed the cats by slashing through their tails When the guard an ivvi	_
he was told the two bleeding tails	Sow’s Ear Silk Purse
all that was left of a pan oi A feature of the exhibit of Arthur
D. Little, Inc., at the National Ex" position of Chemical Industries in 1921, was a silk.purse actually made
The ear was
Mrs. Frank Morrison
I
FORD TRACTOR
Ferguson System

2^525252525252525252525252525252525252525252




MacLean’s
\
RED & WHITE STORE
• With the new Ford tractor, Ferguson system, you waste no time in making lengthy implement changeover», F or Fergu-w heel-less implements, including the row cultivator, may be attached or detached by one man in less than a minute without the use of tools. Front and rear wheel tread adjustments also a simple, man operation.
There are other things about the new Ford tractor with Fer-svstem of hydraulically wheel-less imple-

3 Successor to C. F. Hodgins Go, Limited g
w g yffwiwfwin
son
» #
Tha Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
<
l I

were
fighting Kilkenny cats
19c
Falcon Baking Powder, 16 oz Falcon Cocoa, 1 lb. tin ....
4. lbs. Rolled Oats ..
4 lbs. Ivory Flour ..
4 lbs. Wheatena ..
2 Packages of Iodized Salt....
2 lbs. Clover Honey ......
1 Large Bottle Sweet Pickles ..
4	lbs. No. 1 Spys Apples.....
1 Large Tins Catelli’s Macoroni
1	Bottle Alymer Chili Sauce £ lb' M.L. Rindless Bacon ...
5	lbs. Red Onions.........
2	Tins Campbell’s Tomato Soup .... 19c
2 Tins Alymer Tomato Juice
Half Dozen Salt Herrings ..
1 Pkg. Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour 19c 1 lb. Creams or Chocolates Candy 19c
one-
Wampole's Extract » Cod Liver Oil
19c
1
• #
••••••
• • •
19c
Hit of a sow's ear made into glue, softened with wa brought almost to the point of
then
••••••••••••••
• •
• •
19c
Roy 6. Fraser
guson controlled ment» that will amaze you. Come in and see it. Demonstra-gladly arranged. Don’t this chance to see the
er,
19c
orccipitation with acetone,
•orced through a warm container mto a spinneret and through this nto a hardening solution of formaldehyde and acetone in a V-tube. It was picked out of the V-tube, reeled, dried, treated to a 40 per cent glycerin bath in which it was also dyed, then reeled and dried again, woven
and sewed up.

Gift», Novelties
Flowers,
19c
tiona
really new mechanized farm equipment.
The all year round tonic for both children and
Tones up the
19c
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
19c
Phone 160
19c
adults, whole system generally, and good tasting too.
19c
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s ottr business. We in
C. A. Howard & Son
Shawville, Que.
. 19c
• #
• •see
19c
On
About the Name Lucretia
Lucretia is one of the numerous •light” names (of which Lucy is aest known) which we get from the
Florence A. Cowles in
vite your patronage orders of $l.00 or over, phone
On orders of
.. Wc
us collect #5.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
19C
Latin, says
.he Cleveland Plain Dealer
bringcr of light,” a beauti-
Probably it
It I
THE CORNER STORE
19C
>
r.car.s
ul meaning indeed prang from L.ucifer, the Latin or the morning star. By a misin-erprrtation ir. Christian theology, j Alvifer was regarded as the name ; if Satan before his fall, which ex | jlains the common phrase “as proud is Luciffci."
>
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
*' FERGUSON
name

Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
$ Y S T I M

Phone anytime between 7mm
and 11 p.m.
IMFLIMINTS
w
###PAGE###6###
.tifct tu h Un liur-
\ouiitf women to it: vesting. A no tli i r rc-aoluilon a.sKt-d the government to estubiiHli a
search station lu the Niagara dt*
trlct to tltid ways anil menus for fullest utilisation of fruit products
TRAINING IN V’KUIT HARVESTING?
FARM
NOTES
Canadian Couple Have Military Wedding in England
ie
The association adopted a
the department of la-
re so-

lution s
Oof to organize a national service tor enrolling and training
Sunday
School
Lesson .
program
USE BETTER SEED
Opposition to ploughing poor marginal land to provide increased crop production to meet wartime needs, was expressed by VY. K. Reck, deputy minister of agriculture, at » meeting of the agriculture committee of the Ontario
I.cgi'kituvv.
capitalize on hegs and dairy pt ° ducts is to produce more barley, oats, and mixed grams” said Mr. Keek.
“We know definitely that by use of better seed, farmers in Ontario can step up their crop production appreciably," said Mr. Reek.
THREE-GRAIN DIET
.1. !•:. Kergey, extension specialist of the poultry department of the Ontario Agricultural College at Guelph, suggests that a single grain diet is not satisfactory for laying hens. The 5 main grains arc wheat, oats, barley, corn and buckwheat, any three of which should be used, but oats is the best single grain and should be one of the three used in a feed mixture. Milk is the most outstanding protein food, he said. Others may be meat, fish or liver meal. Minerals, he outlined, may include oyster shell or bone meal and for vitamins, cod liver oil, greens or yellow corn.

] This Curious World
By William
Ferguson *
*



"1
Sr*
V
8
LESSON V
HOLDING LIFE SACRED. (A Prim ciple of Temperate Living) Genesis 1:27-31; 1 Corinthians 6:19 20; 2 Corinthians 6:16—7:1. GOLDEN TEXT: “Ye were bought with a price: glorify God therefore in your body." 1 Cor. 6:20. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING — The First Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians was written in A.D. 57. and it is generally believed* that the Second Epistle written not many months lat-
“The only way we can
L



ft*
%

K3H
t
€

IE

>
%



fa*
4

(MIDNIGHT
dGSGsO
Time
*u
£*2
«
*

IS NOT UAAITHD TQ THE TWO
POLAR..
AREAS/
It CAN BE SEEN SOUTH OF THE ARCTIC CIRCLE AND
north of
THE ANTARCTIC
was
»r. probably in the sa me year 1-lace - The First Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians was written from Kpheusu. The Second was
in Macedonia, possibly
«Si
*
HAS A SEPARATE
HUSK
FOR.
EACH
INDIVIDUAL
KERNEL..
MÊÊÊfJÊÊ
from the city of Thessalonica.
And God created man in his image, in the image of God
\
27,
created he him; male and female created he them. We gather from the present chapter that God Is a spirit, that he thinks, speaks, will», and acts. The great points of conformity to God that man possesses are reason, speech, will and power. In the reason is evolved the distinction of good and evil. In the will 1» unfolded that freedom of action which chooses the good and refuses the evil. God formed the body of man in such a way as to make It a suitable habitation and instrument for Its rational tenant. The mind and the body were compatible and complementary. It was specifically the mind of man that was created In the divine Image; God Is spiritual or physical substance, and so Is man's mind or soul.
Be Fruitful end Multiply 28 And God blessed them: and Qod said unto them. Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue It; and have do- * minion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. 29. And God said, Behold, I have gives you every herb yielding seed which Is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in which Is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you It shall be for food: 30. and to every beast of the earth, and to every bird of the heavens, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for food; and it was so. The words spoken by God to our first parents are In the form of a command: man is to bear children; he is to subdue the earth, he is to have dominion over all living creatures; he is to live physically by the herbs and fruits and cereals which God planted in the êarth. Some day the whole creation Will be again in perfect subjection to man, as it was ordained to b#
\
r
o

VA
V
/•
z^e.
7i
)r%;


WPOPOIMUS
Change Alphabet
Into “Phonobet”?
IS A FRESH WATER. ANIMAL, BUT IT WILL TRAVEL THROUGH SALTY SEA WATER FROM ONE RJVER. MOUTH TO ANOTH ER..

A
y
/A
%
A.

An American Has Now Invented A System He Hopes to Make A Common Language, Symbols for Sounds
of
Trumpeters <
behind them.
/
C0M.1M7 svnca iomct,wc
sons of the year
The late Frank 11. Vlaetelly, the famed lexicographer, once said the English-speaking people need a alphabet, and John K. Leavitt
shall flash the light of his love. From tills lesson we should realize the sanctity of the physical
at the time of his creation (see Roman» 1:11-23).
Temple of the Holy Spirit 1 Cor. 1:19. Or know ye not that your body 1» a temple of the Holy Spirit which is in you, which ye have from God? and ye are not your own. Man has not only body and soul, but also spirit. Deeper down than where the soul with its consciousness can enter, there is & spirit-nature linking man with God. In some people it is nothing more than a dormant power, a legibility waiting for the quickening of the Holy Spirit (We are familiar with the division of the temple into three parts: there was its exterior with the outer court, seen by all men; the holy place, into which alone the priest might enter; God dwelt in the holiest of holies, where none might venture n:gb.)
20. For ye were bought vvith a price; glorify God therefore in your body. The price or ransom which Christ, our purchaser, paid for our redemption from slavery, his own soul. Let our bodies be
eyes
anew
body in which we live, the lngh purpose of physical life as such.
The Separated Life 2 Cor. 6:16. And what agreement hath a temple of Cod with idols? for we are a temple of the living God; even as God said, dwell in them, and walk in them; and 1 will be their God. and they shall be my people. The city of Corinth was full of temples which insult to God. Their idols
new
of Cincinnati believes he lias it in his “phonobet.”
Leavitt, a retired carpenter, ma chinist aud shoe designer, defines the "phonobet” as a “scientific arrangement of letters In a logical sequence according to their sound Tallies and the vocal mechanics of their utterances."
40 CHARACTERS ARRANGED
LOGICALLY

be recognized?
NEXT: How can poison sumac
I
5
MUSICAL INSTRUMENT
I will
13	Substitute.
14	To vex.
16 It has first
place in an
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle
1 Pictured , musical instrument.
7 It is a instrument of the viol class.
11	Monkey.
12	Enemy of the gods
15	Gazelle.
16	Hops kilns.
17	Treacherous.
18	Measure.
20	To regret.
21	Small stones.
23	To lubricate.
24	To bum incense.
26	To observe.
27	It has a rich quality*.
BE
WO
A'
L
were an
spoke of and demanded uncleanucss the part of their worshippers. God is infinitely holy, and demands
the part of those who
Believing that a common lang- preferably English—would
F
OiKlEDEHO
BiL R niETBLll ANA ulsMlP 0 L TMlOA'D
nSne C KMll”
OS
uage
be tho greatest slug!» factor in establishing and maintaining Perth rovghout the world.
is
m
!H
on
19 Every
21	Fruit.
22	Let it stand. 25 Expression of
amusement.
29	Pirate.
30	Sly person.
32	At this time.
33	To emulate.
34	North America.
35	Type standard 40 Type of auto. 42 Chair rail.
4 4 F» ozon desserts.
45 Narrative poem.
47	Derby.
48	To do wrmi'î
49	Bird.
51 Upward.
53	Male sheep.
54	Since.
55	Insight.
ip
holiness on approach him. 17. Wherefore, come
ye* out from among them, and he ye* separate, sailli the Lord, ami touch no unclean thing; and I will receive you. and will be to you Father, and ye shall he to me sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty. This separation from the world* was not to be physical and local and social, but moral and spiritual. These Corinthians not to migrate to Other cities, but to keep free from tho intimacies and fellowships which might ally them with idolatry, and today the Christians are to live in the world, while they are not of the world. 7: 1 Having therefore those promises, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves
defilement of flesh and
petuai peace Leavitt has offered his invention to
the League of Nation*.
Leavitt prefer: English because than oue-quarter of the peo
m
| ALT 6
EMMA S
I N
A
Mi.)

I
%
more-
pie of the world us- it. lint lx- says
foreigners \------
language until its vagaries of spelling and pronunciation are standardized.
WITH SPELLING AUTOMATIC The ••pliouobet** includes symbols adopted to represent the “orphan sounds'* that have no characters in the present English language It has 4P characters instead of the 2d
TO
a
N

?æ|
M
mm
could not master the

make of this instrument.
VERTICAL
2	To emanate.
3	Made of oatmeal;
4	Circular wall.
5	Back of neck.
6	Ray of the sun.
7	Re silent
3 Self.
9 Nonmetallic element.
10 Parrot fish.
instrument
case.
41 Dye.
43 Silkworm.
45	To add to.
46	In advance. 50 Mug.
52 Male duck.
56	Wild buffalo.
57	Roof point covering.
58	Kind of plum.
59	It has four
was
God’s so that through onr
were
28 Blemish.
30	Southeast.
31	Surrounding conditions.
36	Earth.
37	Go on (music ».
38	Pronoun.
39	Surgeon's
NOTES
->
RADIO
now in two.
Tho additional characlera. Leavitt says, permit each letter to have its own sound sound its own letter in the "phon-obet,” making all and spelling 100 per cent, auto ma-
a ad each
from all
spirit, perfecting holiness in too of God. As the source of zJi
NEWS

AND
pronunciation
fear	. ,	„
defilement of the flesh is self-gratification. so self-seeking is at the root of all defilement of the spirit
By MADGE ARCHER
60 A famous
tic.
CBL, Metropolitan Opera Company . . . 10 p.m., CBL, CBY. Bernardino Molinari conducts -NBC Symphony . . . Fob. 4, CFItB, 2:SO p.m., "So You Think Yon Know Music”? . . . 3 p.m., CFItB, N. Y. Phil. Orchestra . . . 6:30 p.in., CBL, Chase and
San horn Hour . . . 8:30 p.m.. CBL, One Man’s Family ... 9 p.m.. CBL Your Government and the War . . . Feb. 6, 12:30 p.m., Ontario and Quebec region Farm Broadcast . . . 8:00 p.m., CFItB, Tune Up Time . . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, With tho Troops in England . . . 10:00 p.m., NBC blue to South Ont., Little Old Hollywood . . . Feb. 6, 8:30, CBL, information Please . .
VMUSIQUIZ” CONTINUES In response to an overwhelming popular demand, expressed in hundreds of letters, telephone calls, etc., Ted Cotta unique Sunday afternoon must quiz “So Yon 1 bln k You Know Music” has been restored to Its former spot on the Columbia network, Sundays at 2:30 p.m. (CFItB). Most amusing of the letters from younger listeners was one from
k *
o
10
3
£
b
I
/

Sees Improved
Fruit Outlook
5

I?
II
L
Wise Bird Lays
A Breakfast Egg
(
I
£
23

z
Federal Farm Economist Encourag es Growers of Niagara
A hen which prefers a kitchen chair to a cold nest saves J. Detweiler, of Middlcfield, * shivering trip to the henhouse for his breakfast egg.
“Every morning about dawn, ’ Betweiier, who insists this is no yarn, “this hen scratches on the kitchen door. When I let her in she climbs on a cushioned chan few minutes later cackles that she has laid her
warm
27
26
25
24
N.
considered, Canadian of tender fruits can look
All factors
a Toronto girl, who
26
O.
growers
forward to 1940 with “a reasonable degree of optimism, chief agricultural economist lor the federal department of agricuV told tbe annual convention of
wrote:
‘T have got the mumps. I am eight y oars old and 1 lots your program. 1 hope you will get enough letters so you can be on the air again as I am not taking piano lessons or anything about music so you 1 am learning a lot over the radio, so I hope you will he on . the air, and ?o does my mother
and friends."
MARCHING PAST
The Regimental March-past of the old 65th — "Leg Fusiliers do Mont-Royal" will be featured by the Hand of the Canadian Grenadier Guards and the Five Singing Guardsmen "On Parade” on Thursday night February bLli, at 8:30 p.m., over CBL. Founded on tbe 18th of June. 1869, in Montreal, it 1« one of the oldest French-Canad-4en rc-giniMits in the Province o
5
s
W. V. Hopper.
1
says

* f '
ÙI
lure
the Niagara Peninsula Fruit Growers’ Association.
“A general rise in commodity prices would have a tendency to push up the prices of lender fruit/’ he said a long war and a large number ot
taken into service, there
. 9:00 p.m.,
42
4
39
CBL, Reginald Stewart* piamist . . . 10:0V p.m., CBL, Toronto Symphony Orch. ... 9:30 p.m., CBL, Music by Faith ... 10:00 p.m., Musical Tribute to Edward MacDowell . . . Feb. 8, 8:30, CBL, On Parade . . . 9:00 p.m
man School of Music . .
. CBS * MBS, President
Roosevelt addressee Boy Scouts of
America.
and a to announce
egg.
see
44
44
the level of
• i

49
50

If we have
Havana, the Cuban . capital, which recently celebrated its 425th anniversary, stood as a years before the first ho built in what was to become -New
York.	r '

>
5e
^ t
CBY and S. Ont., Kast-
. 10:30
100
city
us#
men are
is likely to he a significant rise in the prices of all agricultural pro ducts.”
0
59
were
NRC
p.m
>>
By J. MILLAR WATT
ï
POP — Boston Tea Party

*
7

iVt BEEN OFFERED FABULOUS
SUMS TO LIVE IN
WHO BY -
BR^TA'N ?
t
Quebec.
i
WILL SING AND ACT
Amoche, formel
I
AMÊrRli*:
'
m.c. and
ilLgin* star ot the Chase eud Sa«-fcoru Hour, hat been s:un.-il lo head
variety and dramatic which will go on the air
> &i
mm ¦
a
£j.

a half-hour
Mograia u.	,
is soon as one of the networks <*» a suitable spot. As on the and Sanborn Hour, Ameohe both sing and act on the pro-
« - "
A /
»
itpp.y thi < so Will 1 pflm.




?

,
H


TO BE HEARD 2. CBY. Aoronto Mendel»-and Toronto Symph-
. . 10:10, CBL, the
I

4#





('hoir
to - n

-- 9*

Orcheetr* . and the Canadian Farmer . . .
The Norther»
9%
5-lJi
»
W*r


|1:80 p.m., CBT
Me*ie!ur« . . .

Feb. ». » M ».*•¦
###PAGE###7###
that to send mall to soldiers ad dressed to Wracks or camps in the United Kingdom is most likely to cause delay, and that such practice is a hindrance rather than a help. The soldier may have been moved from that camp to another in the interim. Name of barracks or camps in England should not be given. The name of the regiment or nrit should always form part of {he address.
NECESSARY INFORMATION It is again emphasised that In the addresses, abbreviations of the names.
avoided, and the names of such spelled out itt full. Abbreviations such as A-T, A.Ac, or A.D. (AntiTank, Anti-Aircraft, or Army Cooperation Squadron) should NOT be used, but the full names should be given.
In sending mail to soldiers already overseas see that the address contains only:
Regimental Number,
Rank and Name,
Full Name of Regiment or Unit, 0-0 Base Post Office, Canada.
In addreesiig mail to eoldtere serving In Canada give:
Regimental Number,
Rank and Name,
Full Name of Regiment er Unit,
Canadian Military Leaders Confer In France
DIXIE is the thrifty use's tobacco.

M
?
v
«

/
It's a tool,slow-burning smoko!
s
units or services should be

PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
V
\
A stream of beta pouring eel of an underground opening led t# the discovery of New Mexico’s remarkable Carlsbad Caverns.
The Gets Canal is the longest in the world—116 miles—with the Suez, 100 miles leng, ranking see-
\
u Jf
end
..CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• e
. • . r »
(IVKKN Ml

117 HOMEWORK PLANS
o-»	-Kg
Postal address of Tralates Cam* tn Canada.	.
ftHTTCRN ADDBB9MB
Do NOT send of Basa Post Office,

§x£B


PEKWIAi
w
FF BA8ILT,
QUIT TOVACeU «NVJ
given •» all mall matter seat ta told 1ère abroad or la this eoantry.
Sidney Northcote, 62, weei almost certain ho hid an infallible way of taking hie own life. He tied a rope around hie net* and fastened it to a bridge girder, in Winnipeg last week. If the rope broke there waa a river 26 feet below. He wee in hospital nursing bruises end slowly realizing be overlooked a detail. The river was frozen.
oes.
aeturlng Co.. Dept*
o
Expect More
U, S. Tourists
AS* YUti PUAJIIIINU A j**W
our
How Cam I ?
HEALTH
TOPICS
ay understrap
Keith Manufi ill. Preston. Ontario.
fiMSi
i *
*V ANNS ASM* BY
Kg
Next Year te Visit Canadian Park# — Su per In tende at# All Point to Exchange Rates
Q, How can I Iren mats or any* tnimg that requires careful ahap*
Üf	^
A. Iron them first without eUfeh and then place iàem tare fully the board. Lay over them s thin, emooth cloth dipped In raw starch, aid Iron dry.
Q. How can 1 skim eiceeslve
grease from the top of soup?
A. Take square sheets of clean, white tissue paper. Lay one sheet at a time carefully on the surface af the soup; then gently lift It off, and all the grease, or fat, will adhere to the paper.
q. How can 1 put out an oil fire?
A. Never try to put out an oil fire with water, as this only spreads the flames. Sand, earth, gravel, flour, meal, any of these, is effective to throw on burning oil
Q. How can 1 treat chapped lips?
A. An excellent remedy for chapped lips la one-half teaspoonful of borax to one l&bloapoonful of honey. Mix the borax and honey thorough before applying.
Q. flow can 1 Impart a rich, brown color to my sponge :ake?
A. Sprinkle a little granulated over the top of the sponge
?er.
RHEUMATISM MISUNDERSTOOD
The much-misunderstood “rheumatism” or “arthritis,” is a disease which should have more attention than it is receiving in the world today, according to an article in the monthly “Health Journal” written by Douglas Taylor.
The writer points out that “of all the serious diseases affecting the welfare of the nation those known as ‘rheumatism* and 'arthritis* are among the most important, most neglected and most misunderstood. .No other disease causes such widespread suffering and crippling among all ages and classes. Much of the misery and invalidism is unnecessary and is directly due to many strange ideas abroad concerning and 'arthritis/ it ls high time that some of these popular misconceptions be seriously reviewed.**
*A*ï CHICKS
Tourist traffic ip Canada next should be much heavier
mm
Hi
¦sm®»
Jarvis Street, Toronto
season
because the war Mas abut pff Europe as a tourist playground and because foreign exchange rates are to the advantage of United States visitors, according to superintendents of 19 national parks meetings in Ottawa in January.
National parks are growing popular with both Canadian
Most dairy rations will be improved by the addition of culent or green feed. Either corn hay silage makes an ideal succulent for winter feeding.
HUliUiklH’S HVrtWtt HULL ASÜ CKHTIFIUTK
a sue-
•very province and unit repie-eented. Sise 16 x 22 In 7 colours, suitable lor framing, spauu lor photograph and scroll for perm, anent record. Every soldier's noma needs one. Mailed to any place in Canada, |1.Ü0. B. Mackintosh, photographer and copywriter, 69 Granby Street, Toronto.____.	_
more
and United States tourists. Campsites have been provided, but there is a need for more bungalow camps and boarding houses operated under private enterprise.
Modern
Etiquette
getting
writes Mrs. F. of her Bray
THEM.
OF
PRUUL
more next spring,
13U John St. N„ Hamilton, Ont
TWELVE HKMMAIKTS — *100
BY ROBERIA LEE
at.I. WOOL REMNANTS — FINEST suiting material, minimum by 6b" and larger. Maned Money-back Guarantee. •---L. Ltd., 274A Lemon.
men s size 9 Collect.
Aron of f Bros . tlgny East, Montreal.
woman is introducing
q. When a her uusband to an acquaintance, ghomd she say, “This is my husb-
Thia is Walter"?
mere acquaintance,
"This is my husb-intimate friend, she
•rheumatism*

HUI» A HO HE______________
5-ROOM BUNGALOWS BUILT ON your lot for S2.5UU on Oovt. Loan. Terms of $250 down •— $14. <1 pe» month. York Heights Development Co., 330 Bay Street. Toronto.
_ 4 HK*T 1:111111 KLU* FOK SALE
is a rock-hot tom price for chestei. tie.Us trum Toronto's largest dir-gieut pieces — chostei field, -chairs and modern stool to match, rebuilt and upholstered iu brand new repp and tapes, tapestry coverings. spring tiUod baci^l| ions, attractive design, only $40. Another bargain, originally expensive suites, thoroughly reconditioned, $29.60. Send I10.U0 now. balance $ 1.(10 weekly. We pay the freight to your station. Satisfac-tiou or your money back. Royal Chesterfield Mfgrs.. 66 Richmond East. Toronto.
Ut AIN EU UKTtiVI'l V MS
and,” or,
A. When a
Have You Heard
17 AND UVtilt
A-MIRTIULS MtiN
wanted immediately lur seciet-aervice and detective work, complete training course by curicfl-poudeuce. Free information. Write to C. M. Julien, Box 25. Station T, Montreal.
she should say and.” If it is an
RURAL SEKVIULS INADEQUATE
George Hoauiey oi Toronto, director o, public health and medical
the Canadian Council
This is Walter
may say.
Q Is It considered good manuel s
powder her nose and
sugar
rake before placing it in tho oven
for a girl to
lipstick in public?
A. No, while we see this <1m” every day. it caanot be called
It is much better
FL UN IT LUE FUM SALE
use
service» loi ol .Vieillui Hyg.env, last week declared tua: health services, particularly ia rural areas, are made-
At dinner, Betty Jane had oaten the filling of her pio, but had left tho crust.
When asked why she had not eaten all of her pie, she replied: •‘Because I don't like the running board "
LYONS
Reindeer milk, with 1Ï2 per cent butterfat is the richest of 11 different kinds of milk listed in the U. S. 1931) Yearbook of Agriculture.
••good manners If a girl will do such things private-
CLEAN L-VUi HACK
X EW AND UECON DITTO Jf ED FLKNITLHE
Every article cuinpieieiy reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly ciean und sola witn a positive muuey-oucJt guarantee oi saiitiiacUon. ah goods careiuiiy packed tor aaie aiilpiuent on receipt of money-order, special attention given to mail orders.
Solid oak Dining Room Suite, buffet, extension table and ti leather seat chairs.
3Q rifl Solid oak V-piecd Dining jy.UU Hoom Suite, large bunet. extension table, china caoinet, and b leather upholstered chairs.
Beautiful walnut finish Lining ltoom suite, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 4 Jeatner seat chairs.
Beautiiui large walnut veneer Dining suite, buitet, extension table, enma caoinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs, i'enect.
Solid walnut Dining ltoom
quavv.
Canada's health workers now total oü,olu, including more than lu,OUU physician» and suigwns, 4,UUU nurse
iy
manners to take kind of food ou the
Q. lsn t it poor ban one L_
more fork at one time?
UU.oOU graduate
Une should never do Lina
le n lists, ll,bVU iiiirsci m naming,
Dentist — “Tnere's no need for you to shout. I haven't touched your tooth, yet.'* Patient: “No, but you are standing on my corn."
A. tes
q. what is your opinion oi a who plays his radio so
U,Y0u practical nurses, b«U opticians, Û ;U osteopaths and chiroprac. tors, and l,i)0U other men and women in hea.tii professions.
1>ul, the ZU cities in Canada of an dU,UUU population and
What Science
22.00
neighbor	, ,,
loudly that it can ue heard distinctly several doors away?
A. A complaint should be regia-
who is this
i:dm;ational
3TU D EN lb NOW ENROLLING FUR vuuisud iu MuiricuiuLiuu, ôhort Story. Journalism, Sborthuad and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (ee-
tablLhed 1UU2) 22U Yunge Street. Toronto.	_________
IS
An English motorist, wno had a fifty-gallon tank of gasoline lu reserve when rationing was introduced, consulted a friend as to what to do about It.
“Bury It, my dear follow the reply.
Accordingly, ho gave his gardener instructions next day to dig a holo for it In a secluded spot.
After a time the gardener returned.
tered against a person inconsiderate be stopped Q. How are lion cards and the cards oi admis a ion to the church sent to C _ : "
and ill-bred, it can
53.00
tnuiv
totaling Zb per cent of Canada’s total population, have 4Ô per cent of uii tne doctors, 48 per cent of the nurses and 4P per cc.it oif the dentist*, he said.
Doing
tiie wedding rucep-
69.00
KLECI UK) MOTORS
those
was
TEST “ROYAL JELLY” After a year and a half of cheminai analysis. University of Toronto chemists arc preparing for an experiment which will toll if they have succeeded in breaking down royal jelly — the mysterious substance on which queen bees are nurtured into the larva state to make them rulers of the hive.
Success of the experiment may forecast synthetic production of the previous fluid which some scientists believe can be used beneficially on retarded children and for other human diseases.
ALSO
ELECTRIC MOTOR. 2 11.P.,
other sizes. Jones & 2!)ti Adelaide St.
invited?
89.00
1'heso cards should ue ei.CiOS* ed with the wedding invitations.
Q. is it correct to leave the spoon
when one has
several Moore Electric \V„ Toronto.
A
Suite tcost new approximately $3uu.j in perfect conuniun, a large buffet, extension table, china cabinet, ana o leather upholstered choirs.
Address Soldiers' Mail Carefully
KILNS - I’M NT»____
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with ouch order. Films developed and printed by experts, 25c; reprint» 10 for 25c. Nu-VVay Photo Service. Station "A Toronto.
in me sherbet grass finished eating the dessort?
A. No; the spoon shouui ne placed* on the piate that holds the slier-
Largo assortment
and up
of China Cabinets, in ouk, walnut and birch, an completely# reconditioned.
Complete Simmons steel
^^HHElJed, in walnut finish, sagless spring, new mattress, new pair, pillows and Ü drawer Dresser, with largo mirror and 3 drawers in ai-nut finish to match.
Smui t 3-plece Bedroom
IllllllllllllllllllUbiuite, in beautiful :-tone walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier, fUil size bed and sagless spring.
Large Bedroom Suite, In rich walnut finish, dresser with large plate mirror, cnifiouler, vanity dresser and lull size bed.
Brand new modern Bedroom Suite, in waterfall design, Venetian minors, in bleached walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new. mattress
10.50
"I've burled the gasoline," he said. "What do you want done with the tank?"
When Sending Letters Abroad Make Certain The Address fs Absolutely Correct
19.50
bet glass
“With what weapon did Samson slay the thousand Philistines, Tommy?" asked the Sunday School teacher.
"The axe of the Apostles,” replied the child, after a long pause.
MA< UINLUY F tilt SALE
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker, wherever there are locks to be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd., 64 Front SU West, Toronto
HELP-»
Misleading addresses oa soldiers' mail, now that the First Division of the Canadian Active Service force is overseas, are causing such fetters delay and are entailing considerable extra work to members of the Canadian Base Post Office in Indentifying the addressee. Recently postal authorities announced the correct way to address mail to the troops overseas, and to troops still in Canada.
In spite of this much mall matter is being posted which gives the name of certain barracks and also camps in England, Instead of the name of the regiment or unit, which is entirely omitted Post UiT>e authorities emphasize
35.00
i
49.00
DISTRESSMC
TO IMPROVE VEGETABLES
By measuring appetites of tomato plants in various types of •oil, Prof. Stanley S. Ballard, University of Hawaii physicist, has suggested a possible new technique #wr the growing of bigger and better vegetables.
His procedure is based on deter, mination of the amount of food a plant actually consumes, rather than on the amount present in the
soil.
HEAD COLDS
MKN WANTED
ARE YOU THE MAN ? H
have a solid business established within three months. If you are tired of working to earn profits for someone else, own your business. and enjoy amazing profits every hour, selling 200 guaranteed necessities used In every home. No obligation. Get details and catalogue FREE! Familex Products, 670 St. Clement. Montrenl.
59.00
The boxer who knew practically every trick In the game finally met his match. In the third round be found himself flat on his back, listening to the referee counting over him
"One," roared the referee, "two —three—four — five — six — seven — — '
The fighter reached up and grabbed the referee's wrist.
"I'm a little hard of hearing," he interrupted. "Would you mind repeating that?”
YOU CAN
Noee running aching... miserable ! There's no sense in such suffering 1 TRY MENTHOLATUM for RELIEF— at once 1 Its soothing ours penetrate infected neeal
inflamed membrane» — help to mucus gathering. Treat that head cold NOW—with Men thole turn — guaranteed to bring relief or money back.
At all druggists—Jars or tubas 3Sc.
Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces | upholstered in figured velour, reversible Marshall spring cushions, thoroughly clean.
¦¦ 3-piece Chesterfield Suite,
upholstered in English tapestry, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
17.50
5
24.00
MAU1M A 1*1*1.Pi MINKS
Beautiful 3-piece Chesterfield Suite In novelty repp material, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect condition.
Large 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, (cost new approximately |300.), upholstered In brown mohair, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect.
Beautiful Chesterfield Suite upholstered In green silk repp, with fluted back, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect condition, (cost new, $350.).
Largo assortment of Kitchen Cabinets, Breakfast Suites, Gas Stove*, Sewing Machines, Odd Chairs, Studio Couches, etc., at ridiculously low prices, to clear.
Buy with confidence. Remember, all goods sold with a positive money, back guarantee of satisfaction........
29.00

Base
HARDY AIT'LL 1'KEES — UU VIb. each. Canada’s Lowest Priced Nur-eery, growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals. Write immediately requesting sensation, el offerings. Tobe's Treery, Nia-gara-on-the-Lake. Ontario,
y
39.00
—o
CUTS PERITONITIS TOLL Three University of Pennsylvania surgeons attribute to sulfanilamide—the "wonder drug"— a reduced death rate in peritonitis paste resulting from scute appendi-
oik
MENTH0LATUM
Judge —"Do you wish to marry again If you receive a divorce?”
Liza — “Ah should say not. Ah wants to be withdrawn from circulation.”
THROAT SORE?vl
•	4
49.00
COMFORT Daily J

VHOTOGRAVHS
XOÏAL VISIT, LANDING COVERS S5c: Fifty Mixed Newfoundlands Coronations, Jubilees, 60c. C. Hod-1er Gander Bay, Newfoundland.
G/v

!

For common ordinary tore throat
,u«t£3
"We are convinced by the flci-jtaj evidence,” the three scien- J thus assert in the annals of surg- 1 "that sulfanilamide therapy | ^uUsquent to operation has ameliorated the severity of the reaction in spreading peritonitis in many cases, and has saved some Uvea that otherwise would have

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
OH
SScratehinfSSi
Feathers Bought
New
Used
LYONS FURNITURE CO.
Sl’ECT A LIZIAti IN KEIH H T MO-TOKS, ROW KR-L NITS. Hydraulic HeLle. Wlnckee, Generator». Sturt-Muguetoe, Carburetor». Radial-Exchaage Service, Glauu —
Levy Auto
l

478 Yon^c Si., Toronto
For Quick relief from itching of ecsema. lûap'.si, W Ule’e foot, icBlrs. ecabtee, mhee snd other MtemDy tuned ok in troubles, use world-fun ous, cooling BiL-wptie, liquid D. D. D. Presort ptiar. Oreudm, ¦Uinlee. Boothes irritstioe snd quickly stops ielro» ItchiM. 35c tri»l bottle prove ii or moot) bay. Ask i<w u ««I today for 0.0.0 PRF1C0
CanadUa Feather & Mattress
Ce.
41-47 SPRUCE ST* TORONTO
J
$
ore —
Satisfaction or refund Parts, Toronto.
ISSUE NO. 5—'40
been lest.”
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
America's Bethlenem
Bethlehem,	little
! F“r •Salr' W““
ing resemblance to the holy V.illage	¦ . Lost Gtc
for which it was named. Its. loca-
of those who were already‘doing their part to keep the church open and active would draw others to
He said that thoje nv«s
Wilson’s Garage
F o v; n d
Overcoats
Still at
Low Prices
i
themipü	¦¦¦
ample evidence that there, was ft waiting harvest and work fur all.
It-was agreed that for the balance of winter, until Easier, the
hould be held in the Orange Hall, Ladysmith.
Votes ot thanks were tendered to the Wardens, and to Mr. Larwrence and to Mr. Mortimer tor their woi k in the parish.
The following oilivers wore (dieted r— People's Warden, W . I). Me-Cleary ; Ministeis Warden, Tbo«. Smith ; Sidesmen, Wilson McCleary ami J^ercv Dahms ; Lay Delegates, E. C. Dali ms and r red Schwartz	. x
The Same Reliable Service
I)
is a village <'i inns ; and Jewish peu * Apply to ..A MX T>athi;m, Cald well, Que.
pie, just like the real Bethlehem ---------------------------»---------------
m the beautiful story of the Christ FOR SALE— A quantity of hay,chiefly Chrid This similarity exists, how- alfalfa ; alvo Uv9 Rtood Sows due to
*vcr/or.,y
nificent hotels, taverns and inns,	-	\ ,	'1
of which observe the ;J8S|m ]
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Servipe
-ervn/es s
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
dietary Jaws, are hosts to those who Çome/ylar after year, to enjoy the beauty of green fields and purple
Al Christmastide the population is less than a thousand souls and most of thorn <are natives " whose hardy ancestors built their log cabins along Bethlehem streets where the palatial h&tels.nm*
¦HÜM
FOR SALK — Two bitooder houses In good condition. Hi < 12 and 12 x 12. Apply to StWTKR CoumoAN, R. 3. Shttwvlllv.
Phone	,
A fine range to choose from, all shades and sizes.
Priced from $15.00 to $25.00
J. P. Wilson
mountains
».
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Vlion* 4<'
LOSTrvJiietwiM'lV GlmrtPi is and Shaw-Ile*. reïtiÜfrJfîlBr ôf railway ticket between ’Montreal and Winnipeg, with
Finder please p.otLfy JtKv>. K. U. Bolton, Chartcris.
fgroo’ii extension fj 1 Cabinet and Min good working v 1 Iron Bed ; l gulsher in good lx mi: y Barnktt.
name A. Bryans on It
150-Year-Old Paintings Found Under Wall Pa(>er
•r Murals appgpeoUy painted in the days just after the Arnçjican Revolution have been uncovqjrpci in' an old Rockport, Mass., homç. Butted under, fqur, layers of wallpaper for several. générations, the,^ murals, quaint in Resign and of antiquarian value, wqj*e; found^,when decorators cleaned the walls preparatory to repapering.	gé
Mgs., vtftggmP J.; Cooney, whose family owned the hoi^e for mpny years, was unavyare or the,murals' presence
ettmçh
FOR SALE ^
mKÊÊÊEQ ^ /MMÈ
Marine's Riktlu* Idek^	,l
The rn^lhes havj? ttqkd^ut one ¦¦¦cralmpt1' f a nte'by establishing • the fact that th>VnJgsha that furnishes a living	flflp 0* T#wA
coolies ;in China, Jafian
pore was the invention.of a “me’mbir of the corps. .ft came ahouLin this fashion, the corp ##1 <thtes: Private Jon$thdfi GhBlc/oST r5*tine::dctaç6meiif on. l^-J}.'^
S. SusqT&tfanna, one of the ships in Cummimo Perris fleer,	vis-
ited Japan in 1854, conceived the . ,dea.

Th
Tenders Wanted for Sçc-Treas. and Manager
Tenders will be recèjv&Hhÿ the under* signed President fdfv n.';:Secretary-Tr^uref and Manager for ttiè "Bhist^j F inner.s' Club. Tenders to be in the hands of the Preeiden&Snpt later than Tuesday, February 13th. Lowest or in/'tender not necessarily a c copie -1.
ROLLAND nVSSELKV
Bristol, Que,

1 P
DRY CLEANING
a«h L
We send dry cleaning- to Renfrew oncç a week, so . !-bring your suits or dresses and leave them here. ;
sa
to
• »
more
f; »

Ô00 good sound i. not less 1 him U to DUNCAN
Cevlnr PEfiV. W Mrtpfaî Inches hn.fop «Ml.rjff ttiAMPBRf.ls ShrtflFjj
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
*. *
w+
IçverM-.jColie Pups for
(Uttiyerf now. $l.U)'t*nc*li
EyrSjS*!U:Y. lut. No,

the
wYllle. quç.
1
The stock of new. wallpaper shp. had selected to cover the small parlor’s walls never wilt be used.	.
Identity of tht artist.,who created the. .work .. is. hot known, although Mrs.. Etta .S. Moore, 80 year’s old, 1 recalled ,„that..the bunker' George Knowlton, Ti.ad a daughter Âvho artistically inclined.
The çaiotingç 1 were believed to have beçn executed about 150 years ago as '.the two' flags crossed over an apple, tree and a tbraCe df doves, contained* 13 stars and 10 bars each. FigXitcs'in this mural ^nd those on the oth^r "three walls are stiff.' but attractive: * • ••* • -	/
"Most interesting of thb -panels is one" depicting a farm worker àt a well who lifts an oaken bucket to his lips as a small blue dog looks on.
J


4
*¦ *v
N
F I*

WIND CH A RGKR—Harness the wind and turn it into electricity by having a new wind charged made and installed at a very small cost, and terms if desired. AH work fuljv-guaranteed..'; Apply to HO\V \R!) BROWN, R. 2, SI,aw ville, Phone SI--15.

Jtr+
<
A
Dangerous 'Rockall
Lm- the Atlantic neatly 300 miles' west of the-.nor th çoast of.Scotland * dMfWkBll. ti rctatyd^ànite fock •*.,v 20 f’çpt in diameter m>d :7 r Y. eg ;*>$.: 'jtUuût r es Colliery pile the fact 1 ^dilHvuIt h : c.r.V ships t.;A
i v v'towt the-* t c.:-K:*th>‘ • i Aune 2*1, 1
Farm For Sale
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS

#•-
was
Bui rig Lot Nos. IBB-und WO, R ange 4, Township of-\Bristol, containing1, 150 acreS/.nitre ÔF. less " miles east of Shawillf and fronting on No. 8 Highway, Reasonable cash.

GARD OF THANJKS
!
<0 f(‘(
u • *
Situated seven
We desire to express our sincere flunks to many friends (nt their great kindness to us and fur manyg*xprcHsion« of sympathy during our rççent bereave, ment in the death of our beloved father and brother, Frank 1». Morrison.
Son, Brothers and Sistkrh
De

h ut R( vkall a p plaît strike us a flagfiule -é ci at!.t d into it .me t and 1.114.*»;
N : • l. rammed i
price for
C -
Monuments in Marble and Granité
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
t r
- .DUNCAN CAMRRELL,
Shaw ville, Que
mer
:
t
I

r *
J
y /
Phone. 278
»
I
LONG LIF
American Homes
Out of every ICO American homeowners '50 buy their first house “to have a better place to bring up the
The next greatest motive is just a sentimental longing “for a home cf our own.” Investment runs a poor third as a reason for home ownership. The average American couple buy their first p, home when they have been mara ried five years; when the husband s is 32 vears old and the wife is 29.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
I children
. . . is an outstanding characteristic of Chevrolet's leading all-around value. Chevrolet dependability and reliability —proved by millions of owners—marks this car as your soundest motor car buy.

ISJSJEISfi

j eu oil cii iiii, cii QÜ ü tj i üj r-. so II, so
DALE’S TINSHOP
:
LOW COSTS
E
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
E
The average price paid by the families studied was S4.899, almost exactly two years’ salary, the average annual income reported being $2,452. New homes were built by 31 per cent of the families questioned
chased older houses and there were children in 61 per cent of the families at the time their first heme was purchased.
?
E

1
Tin and Agateware
... double the satisfaction of driving the low price field’s smartest, best-performing new car. Only Chevrolet brings you all the finest features of 19 fO at louât cost in purchase price, gas, oil, upkeep
B

Sixty-nine per cent pur-
m
We carry a large assortment of Kitchen Utensils in all the fashionable colour combinations. Also a large stock of Pails for every purpose, of our own manufacture or factory made, all at
v	7
very reasonable prices.
r
QUALITY
Safety Light Switch
A new type of electric light switch, which allows the light to stay on from 20 to 60 seconds after the switch is turned off, should prove particularly valuable as both a safety device and a convenience.
Its manufacturers maintain added conveniences for the switch when installed in hallways, bedrooms, children’s rooms, porches, garages, basements and all other points where the switch may not be near the exit or where a margin of light needed after the switch is turned

. . . you see it in every part of the new Chevrolet and in these matchless features . . . New Vacuum Power Shift, Bigger Full-Vision Bodies by Fisher, Super-Silent Valve-in-Hcad Engine, Perfected Hydraulic Brakes and Ride Royal*.
Hides Wanted
Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides
E
e
p
LESLIE DALE
\
*

Shawville
Quebec
IS
9

Off

a'SJSIBJS/L'BEoi,
When turned off, the light goes out from a few seconds to a minute after uie switch is snapped, depending upon an adjustment allowance.
... it’s a treat just to look at Chevrolet’s "Royal Clipper” Styling—and you'll get a whale of a lot more pride and pleasure on the inside looking out as an owner! Chevrolet is bigger, smarter, all ways
'Perfected Knee-Action Riding Sy<Urrt,
on $l>cciül Dt Luxe Models*
?
k
ESTABLISHED 1883
t
INVALID
Pulpwood Wanted
COACH
<



purchase green or alsam pufpwood,
r (\ P. railways,
for pick-up
I am prepared t I peeled Spruce F.O,B. cars o or delivered t l by tru
GEORGE HYNES & SON

*

i and 1 n C. N <
- -
¦>.

>
i-V >


x
Directors of Funeral Service

yr.jmmfr'-

ï

1
i
s
i
l



Phone or write


**££3»

%
-

\

T. M. ARGUE
Sim’.vville, Q

Shawville, Que.

IH

Phone 70
Phone 80
Atâs&ù
\




Z

r
Fur Pelts Wanted

?
A

wi

y*** mm
k


1
Improvement Planned for St. George s Thorne Centre


Mr. Fred Schwartz appointed to negotiate lor purchase of the st<me.
A new stone vestry to replace The warden- report for the v the wooden structure now in u*e, dm wed all expenses and oblign-IS to he built this year by the tion- met. It had been nece^iirv congregation of St. George s Angli- to draw on'reserve fund- to com-1 can Church, Thorne Centre. For pinte payment* for parochial and many years it has been felt that mi-sion expenses, hut liter this fine stone church, opened in payments were made thei lMd, would he improved by having balance of on band a vestry of matching stone, audit Mr* F. Schwartz gave a report was agreed at the Annual Meeting of the membership and activities held in Ladvsmith recently, that of the XV.A. Mr. Thomas Smith th!s work "honld.be undertaken and Mi. August Olm proposed and thi? year.	, seconded a vote of thanks
The \\ A. niade a grant of M;\V .A.foi the help they had given to start the project. The men of the church in liWU, and for their the congregation all offered their j gift of 830. towm d- the building ol labour voluntarily, and many the new vestry, offers of lumber were received. I The Incumbent, Uev K. (;
. il?	b,,il(1 xvas made Bolton, wlio was chairman, gax<
\ McCleary ; seconded by a brief survey of the work of tin H. Sc hock and carried unanimous-1 parish and expressed hi* appreci ly. A committee of the following alien of the welcome that hud men were appointed : W. J). Mc-i been extended to him ami to hi* C leary, Thomas M. Smith, Fred family. He spoke of his conviction Schwartz, August Olm and K C\ that the continued work and failli
1
t . • pub!i< un in the maiket for all u-onuble Fur Felts and test market prices.
NOltFJS R. HORNER
Fur Dealer,
1 wish to ann
that I
kinds of S assure
W!b
the
?
X>:


eai
hv1
i
»
f
J
*-

•Shdwviil


13

was ,\
>

ST?




mî»#.s
I
?

i
tO tll<‘ |
»

>
i
71'
i
C-47B
7.
J. L. HODGINS
;
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
P
C. Harold Boulton
Er st;1 fgg & Poultry A:soc:Gt!cn
BRISTOL - QUEBEC
t
k
?
i


'
