###PAGE###1###
3
$1.50 per annum in Advance 2.00 to the UnltccStates
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MAY 9. 1940
j
No. 46, 57th Year
»
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
The Ladies Guild of Holy Trinity Church, Radford, will hold a sale of food and fancy work at the store of E*t. M. O. Howard, on Saturday, May 18, from 3.00 to 7.00 pro
ENGAGEMENT
PERSONAL MENTION
!
Shawville Hardware
Pte A. II. C. 01 instead. R C M C , visited his relatives in this district over the week end.
Smith-Sharp»
Mr. and Mrs. Norman C. Smith wish to announce the engagement
evening, May 2.3rd, and again at Ottawa, were week end guests of Shawville theatre hall on Thurs-1 their relatives in town day evening, May 30th. Keep the dates in mind.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
the Çenuine
#1
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. . The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
0
Shirwin-Williams M	w
emi-fustre

DIED
Mr. Daniel McKay, of Cobden, is visiting at the home ol his son, Institute I Mr. Allen McKay, in town.
Crawford—At his late residence, Campbell’s Bay district, on Sunday, May 5th, 1010, John Crawford, in his 87th year. Funeral was held on Wednesday afternoon from the late home to St. James* Anglican Church and cemetery, Otter Lake.
Clarendon Women s will hold their regular monthly meeting on Wednesday, May at 8.00 p.m. at the home of Mrs.
Vincent Hodgins. Porgram—Topic — Agriculture. Roll Call A flower beginning with your initial
,neKeltra»1dtheWhomenofÏXS SSe.",On£,efS thu %
Roy on Tuesday evening, May 14, wee* enu.	Next Shipment of Red Cross
at 8 00 o'clock. An invitation has Mrs. Frank Hambly, of Montreal, Supplies to be Forwarded been extended to the Hon. J. u. has been a guest of her sister, Mrs. /***„_.
(jardiner, Minister of Agriculture, Gold win McDowell, during the *° Ottawa Next wee» to address this meeting. All are past week, cordially invited to attend
Mr. and Mrs Robert Hoare and Miss Sheila Hoare of Ottawa, visit ed their relatives in town on Sunday.
15
W. E. COWLING, President,
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
SATIN-ENAMEL
0
She
as
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other atains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
•7#
1
JAMES A. MILLAR
Miss Hazel Hudgins, visited


B A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay t every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
$
a
„	...	.	Iv .	... The third shipment of Red Cross
Rev. W. and Mrs. Dickson, of supplies from Shawville and dis-Shawvillo Women's Institute Ottawa, are visiting at the home tnct unite, will be forwarded to will meet at the home of Mrs. ol Mrp. Dickson s parents, Mr. and headquarter* on or about May 15. C, J. Caldwell on Monday evening, | Mrs. W. G. Clnsnell.	|	% E. R. Nurse, Sec’ty
May 13th, at eight oclodr. Iho-1 Miss Edna and Until Hades, Mr. gram : Contests ; Address by Mr. Wilfred Hittle and Miss Marjorie
N. A. Drummond. Roll call—Kx Houston,of Carleton Place, visited
change ot slips and bulbs. .	relatives here on Sunday.
Irene Shaw will be the assisting'
hostess
See our distinctive
Wall Papers
HAUL AND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Charge $1.00 Fee For Salmon Fishing
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shaw ville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Ptes. liordon Corrigan, and Cat
..	.	,.	,,	, Hon. P. E. Cote, Quebec Minister
iHEIISls! Emil
.  to,h*"LwA™i“ ai, bi'SV.ar	"SSKÏ&lîtiteSSRt
President. | llodgins.	| the Legislature, Mr. Cote estimât-
u	n> .tl ,,	. D r, v , ed the permit would cost appioxi-
?ntbe Tlüatîe on FH.lay, Mai 17. p”«f.£»««• relatives in town and | Marriages in Ottawa at S o'clock, p. in. Tins drama is|alslncc
one of tlie best entertainment I Mr. and Mrs. Ovin Simons, of vehicles that this gioup of young Thetford Mines, Que., visited at Marriages in Ottawa so far this people have used and its humor the home of Mrs. Simons’ parent'», >ear exactly double those ot 1999, and ludicrous situations alight to .Mr. and Mrs. A. ti. Brough, dining it was revealed at the city clerk s be highly enjoyed. The play the past week.	office last week.
Lyc^dUreM„M.Be,,yM?- %isd ^
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)

FENCING
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Double Those Last Year
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with byîcorrespondence -
205 for the same |>eriod of 1099.
During the'mouth of April there were 301 births against 250 for Apiil, 1939, marriages increased from 88 to 148 and deaths also'were
‘Stelco’ Copper Bearing Fencing
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
in g
Mise Mabel Cbisnell who recently,	1<M	.
passed the Civil Service examina- [ l,P« ™ against liV
lions at Ottawa, is spending a __	vacation at the home ot lier par-
The feature of the April meeting | ente, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Cbisnell. of the XVyman NVomen s Institute Mr. Norris Brough, of St Lam
was a quilting bee with sixteen Lq. - Miss Lucille Brough, of Mac- Pat Manary, of XVyman, in members and three visitors pre- L|ona|d College, and Miss Florian court held at Quyon by Judge sent.	Brough, Reg. N.. of Ottawa. spent Roland Millar on Thursday of last
The meeting was held at tl1® the week-end at the home of their week, was lined $10 and costs or home of Mrs XV. J. Thompson and pen^8 |n town.	15 days in jail for creating a dis
the Roll Call was answered by a	_^___ turbance in a loc<tl cafe. Stanley
••favourite supper dish.	; Landry, a local man, was assessed
The president, Miss I rite tiara, Stark cornera W A	! $5 and costs or 10days on a similar
presided assisted by the secretary, I	_	'	charge. Bernard Tee vans and
Mrs. Pritchard, when routine busi-r Stavk.g corners XV. A. met on Garnet Armitage, Quyon. were n,ï.r,Â'SrX-.ed te...te U»	i. ,h, cbmcL
Home Nursing Class in May.	The devotional period was led Wyman, failed to appear when
..........
SiBSF^I@SSe
Business of the meeting included Tree Plnntlnir and	Itlle «PPointment of Mrs. Irwiu
$rs	;"-.e sr,
¦BKpm
people and it should be imploved.
May we have a large number of helpers dome early.
If Schools, Municipal Halls,
Lodge-, etc , and the grounds sur-1 l)r. Samuel James Drummond, rounding them along Highway native of Almonte, who practised No. 8, were improved it should medicine for half a century at give much satisfaction to those Casitiovia, Mich , died their recent-interested in their use and would ly, according to word received by advertise the district when our relatives in Bristol, friends or tourists pass this way. * .Born 73 years ago at Almonte,
Recent press leports estimate a Dr. Drummond was the third son large increase of American tourists of the late Daniel I hum moud and to Canada this y rill', because of his wife, Margaret McCalluni. He war danger in Kurope.	graduated from Queen’s Univer-
Sir. R. XV. Oliver, Horticultural I sity and took post graduate work Division, Exp Farm, Ottawa, who’ in New York. He had been active gave suitable Instructions on home ly engaged in a large practice at beautification in Pontiac and other Casitiovia until the first ot this places last year will be present to year when he took ill. give an address at 1UÜ p. m , in Surviving are Ilia widow, the the Society hall. XVe realize this former Marie (Cunningham, of is not A convenient hour for some Bath, Out.; one daughter, Mrs and with that thought in mind we Kathleen Flemming, of Detroit; are arranging to supply free a two brothers, David Drummond, light lunch to the workers and to of Carleton Place, and George any others who are largely inter- Drummond, of Bristol, Que ; five es ted in hearing the instructive sisters, Mrs. Robert Dunlop, of address which is for both ladies Carleton Place ; Mrs. J. M. Chap and gentlemen, especially officials man, of Almonte ; Miss Marion of public activities.	Drummond of Ottawa ; Mrs. L.
R. XV. Hodgins, Stewart, and Mrs. Alex Stewart,
Secretary. both ot Arnprior.
April Meeting of Wyman Women» Institute

189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, CampbelVsBay
Quyon Men Fined for Disturbance in Restaurant
it
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Canada’s Best
D. J. CAMBPELL
Limited quantity at these prices
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone 8 I
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
8 strands, 42 inches high, 16 inch uprights
57 cts. per rod
7 strands, 40 inches high, 22 inch uprights
46 cts. per rod
French Agents to Buy Canadian Horses
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
French purchasing agents will start buying Canadian horses for French army u«e about the middle of the month, it was learned on Friday.
While France lias been buying horses* and army mules in .the United States for some time past, Canadian purchases were deferred because of shipping difficulties.
Agriculture department officials here have* been infoi méd that the French agents require cavalry horses and also medium draught horses of the ‘‘vanner” type to draw supply wagons and possibly artillery. The weights required fall roughly between \ 570 and 1,100 pounds.
Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
7 strands, 26 inches high, 6 inch uprights
(t|og) 38 cts. per rod
18 strands, 48 inches high, (poultry)
55 cts. per rod
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
C, G I. T. to Observe 25th Anniversary
The C. G. I. T. of the Shawville United Church are observing the 25th anniversary of the Canadian Girls In Training from May 12th to 17th. Please keep in mind the following dates : Tuesday, Util-Mystery Mothers’ Tea ; Friday, 10th — Mothers’ and Daughters’ Banquet. Special C. U. 1 T vices in the United Church on Sunday night, May 12th. Shirley Sly, Secretary.
Dr. S. J. Drummond Dies
Barb Wire 4 pt. 6 inch $4.25 per roll
SELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSOM, M.D.
set'
Brace Wire
Nails
Steeples
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING 180 METCALFE STREET
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
ONT
OTTAWA
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, j
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
REPRESENTING COM PANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
i
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
Specialistson ail Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
leg. Optometrist
Shawville
Quebec

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Reg. Optometrist

MW* 4

w
in
X
*



###PAGE###2###
births and deaths, immigration and emigration. Bo the neat census probably will show a population of between 11,000,000 and 12,000,000.
Most notable changes will be shown In the increases In particular districts, cities and towns. The mining «area of Northwestern Quebec, for Instance, will report many thousands of people where there were only hundreds In 1931.
racial origin, religion, occupation, age, wages, employment or lack of employment, livestock and acreage
in crop on farms.
BETWEEN 11,000,000 AND
12,000,000
Population of Canada at the last census, in 1931, was 10,376,000. Since then It has been increasing at the rate of about 100,000 a year, according to estimates based on the
The Wild West
Deglamorized
When the Nazi* Marched Into Denmark
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
%




McGill Study Leaves Us Only the Wide Open Spaces te Conjure With Cowboys



Ne. Real


LESSON V
ISAIAH GIVES GOD’S INVITATION


%
Devotees of wild west filma and literature are due for a distinct shock when they read the latest volume from McGill University, entitled "Pioneering in the Prairie Provinces.” It is the joint work of Dr. C. A. Dawson, head of the department of sociology at McGill and Miss Eva R. Youuge, research a*-sistant in the department of social research. The book is one of a series of nine on the general topic “Canadian Frontier* of Settlement.”
The "wild and woolly West” Is deglamorized to the ’nth degree in this latest sociological study, a product of several years research work In the Prairie Provinces. The volume humorously points out: "Scenes are still enacted and deeds celebrated in song by cowboys and cowgirls, many of whom have never been west of Brooklyn or To-


1


Isaiah 55
Printed Text, Isa. 55:1-11 Golden Text — "Seek ye Jehovah while he may be found: call ye upon him while he is near." Isa. 55:6.


t
| This Curious World
By William Ferguson

ifimuHit

}

r
V


LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — Not definitely given, but probably about 701 B.O.
Place — Jerusalem.
The things talked about in this lesson are the things which all men In every age most deeply long for, and strive for, — joy In their cwq hearts, prosperity in their lives and in their nation, and abiding peace. These are the things that God wants men to have, but they can be permanently possessed only if the way of the Lord here unfold ed is followed.	*
j

'J&i lcs»l

• *
I
I
m
&
m


>•
:*r






are
THE MIGHTY WHEN TOO OLD TO HUNT BIG GAME, IS NOT TOO PROUD TO SUBSIST ON
BEETLES and GRUBS.

'W
INVITATION TO DISILLUSIONED
Isa. 55: 1. IIo, every one that
ghirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come yc, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price. 2. Wherefore do ye epend money for that which is not bread? and your labor for that which satisfleth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness. Three Inescapable realities, existing in the soul of every man without God, are here set forth in strikingly picturesque and symbolic language: mau is described as thirsting, as hungry, and as having exhausted his resources upon those things which failed to bring the satisfaction he expected from them. With this divinely accurate analysis of man's innermost needs are also announced God’s abundant ability and gracious willingness to supply these needs freely; for the thirsty there is water; for the hungry wine, milk and bread; and for those who have spent their money for the things which failed to satisfy, joy and peace for their hearts.
In almost every word of these two verses God’s love for man, and God’s desire that man should be •alsfied, God’s knowledge of man's restlessness and dissatisfactions appear; the whole of the second verse is a great plea on the part of God with man to no longer expend his money on the things that never satisfy, but to receive freely by grace, from him, his bounteous gifts, that their souls should delight themselves in fatness.
EXHORTATION TO ISRAEL
Z. Incline your ear, and come unto me; hear, and your souls shall live: and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David. 4. Behold,
I have given him for a witness to the peoples a leader and commander to the peoples.
5. Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not; and a nation that knew not thee shall run unto thee, because of Jehovah thy God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he hath glorified thee. No doubt this particular paragraph refers more particularly to the nation of Israel as a whole than to individuals, though of course, a nation is only made up of individuals, and caffnot do anything good or evil except through the actions and words of the individuals in the
ronto.”

HARD TO MAKE LIVING Under the heading "Typical Communities in Action,” the volume states that "the favorite social gathering is the dance,” and "in the summer-time the big event Is the annual sports day.” No mention is made of the colorful round-up, but there is detailed description of the task of making a living and of the trials and difficulties which face pioneers and their descendants in building up the fabric of communal life. The highlight of the "progress” it seems, is the mounting load of debt as living standards go upward.




a BEE

43
RECOGNIZES EVERY OTHER MEMBER. OF ITS HIVE, ALTHOUGH THERE MAY BE FROM
42
A Danish policeman, LEFT, can do nothing but watch peacefully as latest Hitler-engineered "Blitzkrieg” that turned the theatre of war, to Denmark submitted meekly to the military might of Germany in the German soldiers, RIGHT, march into the city of Aalborg, Denmark.
A7A7V TO ETZS/VZY
y

V
THOUSAK'D MEMBERS
The Canadian Conservation Association was brought into being at this meeting. Among its founders was Prof. V. C. Wynne-Ed wards, of the department of zoology at McGill University, and B. W. Taylor. Quebec provincial biologist and director of fish culture.
sower, and bread to the eater; 11. so shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it
The rain never descends in vain. It makes the earth fertile, beautiful, and lovely. So would It be with God’s truth in the mpral world.
o

N-v.i-r/
a*
zv<
%


î
a
%
%

m
s

Farm Notes ..
Vÿj FREQUENTLY ARE VISIBLE pj WITH THE NAK£0 £>'£, BUT THE EYES SHOULD
É
EXPERTS WORK ON 1T
One of the first objects of the association will be to obtain accurate information on all the sporting and conservation groups of the Dominion. The association hopes to act as an advisory body for the whole of Canada on problems of conservation involving birds, animals, fish, forests, and, as well, the problems of soil and water conservation, which are important in some parts of Canada.
The association has a limited membership and includes sportsmen, biologists, foresters, engineers and other experts, as well as members of the civil service. Its membership is drawn from every province. The president is Dr. John D. Detwiler, of London, Ont.
38
g?:

Beauty Culture For Farm Homes
DAi?K GLASS
mSimsF
&
COM t»)7 §v NEi SERVICE. INC


Would Conserve Resources Here
uL+*
In a remarkable address by Mr. C. H. Hodge, editor of the Farmer’s Magazine, Toronto, on the occasion of a recent meeting of the Quebec Horticultural Federation, in Montreal, the topic was the beautification of farm homes in Ontario. With the aid of coloured lantern slides the speaker described the transformation of the homes of those who entered competitions sponsored by his paper.
As Mr. Hodge expressed it, we owe to our children the enduring memory of an attractive home, one that in after years they can recall with pleasure and pride.
Mr. Hodge showed how marvellously the appearance of a farm home can be improved by a little trimming and painting, by tidying up around it, giving some care to the lawn and especially by planting flowers. The other day the writer heard of a man who offered a house for sale at $3000.00 and found no bidder. He then spent $40.00 on a paint job and sold the house easily for $4000.00.
Surrounding* of the Homo
The Ontario Crop Improvement Association has for its slogan : "Better rural conditions through crop improvement.” It is a strange anomaly that many a farmer who takes great pleasure and pride in his thriving field crops, cultivated and fertilized with consumât© care, is indifferent to the immediate surroundings of the farm house. Thanks to Mr. Hodge, it may now be said that “the old order changeth, yielding place to new."
EACH colony of bees has its own particular odor, and any strange bee is defected at once and driven out If a hive is divided, a difference develops in the odors of the two colonies and within one week’s time the insects are total strangers
NEXT: Is robbing the ties! of a migratory bird a violation of the law?
Canadian Scientists Organize To Save Our Birds, Animals, Fish, Forçats, Water Supply From Depletion
m
1
1
a
IMPORTANT INVENTOR
A new onslaught is to be made against the forces which are decimating Canada’s natural resources. It was disclosed following a recent masting of Canadian scientists at Queen’s University.
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Pictured communication inventor.
11	Always.
12	Tanning vessels.
13	Barley spikelct.
14	Large ratite bird.
15	Alleviates.
17 Life principle
19	Preposition.
20	Compound ether.
24 Grain.
27 Heron.
31	Spherical.
32	Falsehood.
33	Trophical mammal.
Answer to Previous Punie 18 He was also
(PD
an

21	Male child.
22	Large cask.
23	Half an cm.
24	Fetid.
25	Intention.
26	Wild duck.
28	Energy.
29	Tatter.
30	Greek letter.
36	Animal that nests.
37	Converses., 39 To question. 41 Membranous


RADIO REPORTER
miA

I
ENOW
By DAVE ROBBINS
and seven times out
FROM THE OLD LAND
Everyone enjoys the robust humour of the British Variety Halls nd lately the radio stations are featuring more of the peppy songs and broad gags from Lunnon Town. While several excellent programs of this kind are featured during the week tfcular stand out in our opinion.
First, Revuedeville from CKOC on Sundays at 2.30 is worth a half-hour of anyone's time in oui
and a close runner-up
decision
of ten Dr. Smith is right.
* * #
For the women, the Columbia Chain has a smart morning program each day at 9.30, when Adelaide Hawley takes the air with the Women’s Page. A woman who knows the things women would like to do them best
I
50 To divorce the wife.
53	Sea gull.
54	An axil.
55	Long outer garment.
34	Wayside hotel. 57 To hew.
35	To enliven. 59 He invented 38 Aeriform
parental.
3	To squall
4	Liquid measure.
5	Slightest.
7	Above.
8	Incarnation of 48 Tree yielding Vishnu.
9	To stupefy. 51 Wing.
10 Electric term. 52 To burn into 15 His native
bag
43	Liver fluid
44	Russian mountains.
45	To slide.
47 Vended.
three in par-
tells you how to do
oil
the
in
Classics by the masters are presented Monday and Friday after noons at 3.30 from CKOC, when Music You Want is featured. The finest in music makes this feature program a treat for radio listeners.
last century. 60 His signal
is still in
fuel
opinion
is the Let’s All Go To the Music Hall show on the CBC chain from Toronto on Saturday nights at
9.80.
39	Grew old.
40	Boys.
42 Maltreats. 46 Rental contracts.
40 To annoy.
ashes.
54	Position H time.
55	Portugal,
land
use (pi.). VERTICAL
1	Southeast.
2	Grand-’
16	Use of a
cattle yard
17	To go before 56 For example
in rani;
Both of these show* feature well-known British stars in songs and stories — that sparkle
Then there’s a good variety show direct from the Old Land on Saturday afternoon at three — when the BBC offer the Garrison Theatre. With all these, and others in a similar vein, Old Country folk need never feel lonesome.*
# # #
58 Postscript
#. # »
SPOTLIGHT DIALING — Sunday — Adventures of Ellery Queen, detective, from the Columbia network at 7.30 . . . Sweet and Low via CBC at 11.30 . . . Tuesday — Fred Waring in Pleasure Time on NBC-Red at seven . . . Montreal orchestra from CBC at ten ... England Dances via CKOC at 11.15 ... Hit Parade from Mutual on the dot of midnight . . . Thursday — Talk of the Town, 8.16 from CKOC . . . Shadow of the Swastika from CBL at nine . .. Florence Wyman, soprano, from NBC Blue at 10.30 . . . Friday — Hill Top House from CBS at 4.30 . . . Poland’s Constitutional Day on CBC at 7.45 .. . 13th Overseas Battalion band on CKOC at 8.30 . . . Canadian Heritage, CBL at 10.30 . . Saturday — The Garrison Theatre from BBC via CBC at three . . . Percy J.eSueur in the sports world at 7.30 . . . Let's Go To The Music Hall from CBL at 9.30.
nation.
There is s backward look here to Israel’s great and glorious king, David, with whom the Lord had made a deeply significant covenant la the early days of his life..
SEEK THE LORD
6. Seek ye Jehovah whHe he may be found: call ye upon him while he is near: 7. let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts; and let him return unto Jehovah, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon. Here Is the very center of our wonderful chapter — the climax, as it were, of the gracious invitations here extended by an infinitely loving God. Four things God Mk§ man to do; to seek the liOrd, r.o call upon the Lord, to forsake the ways of wickedness, to return ro the Lord. Four thing* God promises if man will do what God asks: if he seeks the Ixnd, he will find him; if he calls upon the Lord, he will be heard; if he forsakes bis way and returns unto the Lord. God wiii have mercy upon him; and #L*d will abundantly pardon him.
8. For my thoughts are not your enough Is, neither are your ware my ways, saith Jehovah. 9. For as the heavens are higher than the eenli, so arc- my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts. God’s way of dealing with sin ie lifted hove *41 human ogimple. It surpasses all our own thoughts. God# pardon Is undisturbed and unhindered by any sense of personal resentment, though aim 1l an offense ag. inst him; in Us fr-*»ness, fullness, hi» pardon melts away also that which it forgives.
14. For as the rain cometh dowa aeJ the snow from heaven, and re-twneth not thither, bat water*A tee earth, and makebh It bring fort* nel b«4, and giveth seed to tie
?
4

\
2
Plans Are Laid For 1941 Census

14
War or peace, the decennial census of Canada will be taken on the schedule in 1941. Officials of the Dominion Bureau of Statistics aie busy preparing for the counting of heads and the compilation of hundreds of volumes of figures which give a complete picture of the growth of Canada in wealth and in population.
On June 2, 1941, some 16,000 enumerators will start ringing doorbells from coast to coast, asking questions and filling in the answers on big sheets of paper.
They will count, not only the men, women and children lu Canada. but the horses, cows, pigs, sheep and poultry. They will note
*«dUl
NEW RADIO GAME
WOR, the Mutual Network sta tion in New York, is always com in* up with a new idea for a ra die game one that is both educational and entertaining. Dr. Henry Lee Smith, of the Faculty of Colombia University, is Master of Ceremonies on the program — Where Are You From? And believe it or not, Dr. Smith, from your po-nounotations, or dialect if you like, tells you where you came fnom and received your education.
On each question Dr. Smith explains just what in the statement
hie guest has made, led him to hi* * - ¦ - . ¦ . .
21
25
24
26
28 29 30
33
2
and the» latest is

41
0
42
44
4
47
18
5
*
n
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Flying Speed
1
M
WAS I OO'NO TOO
FAST ?
-3
m -voy, wur&
»J F LVI NO TOO
R low!
on, no
n
Sh
}
CE>

! Jfl
f

«
i
J
«6
4

V
4S



8

X>
1

W\
f
4M. 11.11 k, file #*-
%r
###PAGE###3###







European Farm Areas Analyzed


Mussolini Steps Into the “Wirlight” Again
' #
"K.
•%,
4
How Can I?




I

mÊÊÊÊmm

/

m
K#
#*


PP
m3

BY ANNE ASHLEY
I
Bulgaria, Lithuania, Yugoslavia, Rumania and Poland Are Most Heavily Agricultural — Northern Europe Chiefly Industrial

iff
m



1
>
m




1



?


I

Q. How can I easily clean soiled
spots on wall Paper?
A. Sprinkle some starch liberally on a damp cloth and apply to the using a circular motion. If

i

E
m2


a

YOU CUl





«
An analysis prepared by the International Institute of Agriculture at Rome shows that the Farm Ails In Europe, as It may be called, is a line extending from Great Britain on the northwest to Bulgaria on the south-east, representing the range from the highly Industrial to the agricultural areas. Along this line is found an increasing proportion of the population occupied in agriculture, with the minimum of 6 per cent for Great Britain, then Belgium with 17 per cent, Germany 29 per cent, Hungary 53 per cent, Yugoslavia, 79 per cent, to Bulgaria, with the maximum of 81 per cent.

paper,
there are some particularly bad spots, go over them several times.
Q. How can I make neat holes In a leather belt?
A. Heat a steel knitting needle red hot and burn In the necessary this makes a profess Ion al-
m

tZfcj
i
*

bole; looking Job.
y. How can I keep cut sections of a cake fresh?
A. Take two slices of bread and stick these against the freshly-cut surface of the take by means of

*


4
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO


Canadian National Railways Revenues
Ndrway 29 per cent, Sweden 36 per cent, Latvia 66 and Lithuania 77.
In the group or chief agricultural countries, more than three-quarters of the occupied population Is engaged in agriculture. This group includes Bulgaria, Lithuania, Yugo-slavla, Rumania an1 Poland. Thte la "agrarian Europe” par excellence.
toothpicks.
Q. How can I wash a chamois skin and prevent Its hardening?
A. When washing the chamois, put a few drops of ammonia Into a basin of water and rinse. Do not wring, but dry quickly In the sun or over a fire, rubbing well wi*h the hands to prevent Its harden-
Z
4

4
Mm
f
The gross revenues for the ali* Inclusive Canadian National Railways for the week ending April 14, 1940, were .. as compared with for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of ............

4
a*
V/v
BULGARIA MOST AGRARIAN
Jn the other large agricultural countries in Europe, the percentages are: France 36, Italy 48, Spain 56, and Rumania 78, while In the more northern ^countries the proportions are: Holland 21 per cent,
After a period of silence during which the most astute foreign observers could not say whether he would support Germany or the Allies, Premier Mussolini is once more taking a warlike stand. Last week he appeared to be pondering whether or not to plunge Italy into war. He js pictured here delivering his most recent martial speech in Rome.

$4,097,320
3,515,534

•••••••*

ln g.
Q. How can I clean painted woodwork effectively?
A. Boll two or three onions thoroughly, and the water In which they are boiled will clean painted woodwork very nicely, leaving the surface clean and glossy; no soap Is required.
581,786 or 16.5%.

Demand For Seed Grain Very Heavy

i


- HAVE YOU HEARD?
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
\
'
-
PROPERTY FOR SALE

DERPO III fw K IfJ.KR
AOKVr* WANTED
In Ontario This Year, Department of Agriculture Reports
COUNTRY STORE AND DWELLING in Welland County. Ontario. Immediate possession. J. Page, Crystal Beach. Ontario. ___________________
,DERPO BUG KILLER. 85 c, exterminates bedbugs. moths ,*eockroach-es, crickets, fleas, lice, ticks.
"DERAT" Rat and Mouse Killer 50c. fowl.
At Eatons. Simpsons. Tamblyns, local dealers, or Derpo Products, Toronto.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTed to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto.

Heaviest demand In years for good seed grain was reported from many parts of the province by ‘he Ontario Department of Agriculture in lie weekly report.
Most Durham County farmers with seed to sell have disposed of practically ail their supplies. Free movement of seed 1n all other wheat-growing sections was reported and quantities were said to be plentiful.
Wheat has come through the winter in excellent shape, it is reported and It was given extra protection by additional snow in April. Ae tho same time, snow and rain has h‘*!d up planting of tho new crop.
Considerable increase in the amount of fibre flax *to bo grown n the Goderich district was noted. Grass and new s< -dings are coming well in Norfolk.

A fat man, riding to his home on a crowded bus remembered quite suddenly that he had two five-dollar bills in his coat pocket. Thrusting his hand into the pocket, he was surprised to find the hand of a fellow-passenger.
"So," he shouted, angrily, "picking my pockets, eh?"
"Let go my hand!" bellowed the other.
"Thief!" shouted the fat man.
"Rat!" hissed the thin man.
Then a timid-looking man in their vicinity said, "If you two gentlemen don’t mind taking your hands out of my pocket, I’ll get off at the next stop."
Modern
Etiqnetle
QUILT HATCHES

*
AGENTS WANTED FOR UNIQUE, low-priced portable duplicator. Sells itself in stores, offices, churches, s-'hools, clubs, etc. Dandy proposition for stationer or a specialty man. Box 4. 73 Adelaide titreet West. Toronto.
QUILTING PATCHES 5 LBS. $1.10. postpaid. Washfast cotton print and broadcloth, 3 x 6 up. Textile Jobbers. 20 Maud Street, Toronto.
GARDEN SPECIALS
ASSORTED — SIX FRUIT TREES $5.00. Six Roses $3.00. Three hundred Strawberries $0.00. Fifty Raspberries 54.00. Complete Requirements supplied. Cash with order. Burlington Nursery Co., Burlington. Ontario.
SEED FOR SALE

BY ROBKRIA LEE
1,500 BUSHELS ERBAN VARIETY, 2nd prize Provincial Seed Exhibition, Chatham; 2nd prize, Lambton County Seed Show,. Alvinston. Grade 1. All seed prepared with Government approved cleaner and Carter Disc Grader, 86c. Robert MacDonald, Brigden, Ontario.
Just Released From Pawn
MEN'S SUITS LATEST STYLES and colours. Cost when new up to $75.00. A real opportunity for you to pick up your Spring suit for Just the small charges against them which run as low as $8., $10., $12. Como in and see us when in the city. All Canadian outfit and I do mean Canadian. Hughies Trading Post, 355 Yonge, Toronto, Ontario.	____
Q. is it permissable to call a person by his nickname?
A. Yea, if you are well acquainted with this person, and know that he does not object. A girl who has just met a young man should never address him as Bud, Junior, Shorty or Red.
Q. What is the average time that should elapse between an engagement announcement and the wedding?
A. The average time is six to eight weeks.
Q. When giving an informal din- ? ne»r, how should the hostess let I her guests know where to sit?
A. The hostess should stand at her place and tell each one.
Q. Is one ever permitted to use a toothpick, when in the company of others?
A. Never. If some particle has lodged in a tooth and it is very uncomfortable, one should leave the room and attend to it.
Q. What are the most important things about a “thank you” note?
A. The two most essential things are that it be written promptly, and that it has the ring of sincer-
FILMS
APRIL ADVERTISING SPECIAL — dollar value for 30c and advertisement. Roll developed, printed or eight reprints, with craft embossed enlargement 7 x 10.
Photo Service. Box 561, London, Ontario.
ERBAN OATS, CERTIFIED NO. 1 75c per bushel. Bags free. John Alexander, Route 2, Georgetown. Ontario.
London
VANGUARD OATS, REG. $1.25 BUS. Vanguard Oats, No. 1 $1.00 bus.. Erban Oats reg. $1.15 bus. Jfirban Oats No. 1 90c bus.. Alaska Oats.
No. 1 85c bus., Gopher Oats No. 1 G.S., 85c bus., Victory Oats, No. I 85c bus.. Victory Oats, reg. $1.00 bus.. O.A.C., No. 21 Barley, Beg. , $1.25 bus., O.A.C. No. 1 Barley $1.00 bus., Nobarb No. 1 Barley $1. bus., Barley Velvet No. 1 $1.00 hum.
All F.O.B., Toronto. Bags Free. Ask for catalogue. Kelley’s 9*edr.
772 Dovercourt Road. Toronto.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS
FI RNITURE FOR SALE
HANGER LI MF» CO.. 124 WELLINGton Street West. Toronto. Improved Limbs without shoulder straps. Free ntalugue.
0
FURNITURE BARGAINS.
catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back guarantee. Wholesale Furniture, 466 - Bathurst Street, Toronto.
FREE
"Grace is surely not going to marry that living skeleton of a man. He's nothing but skin and bones.'*
"Why not? He'll make her a rattling good husband.’1
—0---
À young doctor returned to his native village and called up;n the old family physician.
"I suppose you intend to specialize," remarked the laiter.
"Oh, yes," replied the young man; "in the diseases of the nose; for the ears and throat arc too complicated to be combined with the nose for purposes of study and treatment."
Thereupon the family physician Inquired : "Which nostril are you concentrating on?"
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
BAKERS’ OVEN'S AND MACHIN-cry. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St., Toronto.
P «S	A Sl 4 4 4 * 4 #-*
»
f
FOR SALE
iWhat Science: Is Doing
TWO-UNIT MILKERS —
New sui
low as $99: guaranteed rebuilt* as low as $89; also amazing new Grade-A (5 parts replace up to 47 parts on others), free demonstration, get our offer and free Grade-A Guide. Box K, Room X8-4. Sarnia, Ontario.
RELIGIOUS

«
BABY CHICKS
•ELIJAH COMING BEFORE Christ.” Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission. IL. - Rochester. New York.	._____
?
i
ORDER BABY CHICKS- NOW ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks. White Leghorns, Hamp. shires. Auatrolorps. Write for prices. Wingham Hatchery. Wing-ham. Ontario.
!

RELIGIOUS
FOUR POUNDS
HEART PAIN EASED
l sc of a newly-developed oxygen mask ha? resulted in the discovery that inhalation of oxygen in high concentrations (80 to 100 per cent) produces abatement *of intense hçart pa n.
BURLEY Virginia Leaf $1.00, fifteen pounds $3.00. Four pounds Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $1.50. Postpaid. G. W. Jeffrey. Leamington. Ont.
AND
GOD’S WAY OF SALVATION BOOK let for tho unsaved, mailed free and postpaid. Address Box 160, Killarney, Manitoba. _____________
CHEAP CHICKS
CHEAP CHICKS ARE NOT AL ways profitable, buy quality chicks at no higher price and be assured of profits from our blood-tested, government approved White foghorns. Elmview Poultry Farm, Nor ham, Ontario.
HOGS FOR SALE
SALESMEN WANTED
"dramatic"
ORCHARD VALLEY YORKSHIRES —Present offering — Males. Serviceable age and younger. Sows all ages, bred or open. Sam J. Gad-laugher. Alliston, Ontario.
MILKER DISTRIBUTOR - 3AL1CS-men — Invest $50.00 and be your * own boss; one sale per week beats working for someone else: capable hard workers earn $3,000 up. retail prices as low as $89. also amazing now machine by 36-year-old company. State full experience. Box K. Room 8-4A. Sarnia, Ont.
SAVES AMPUTATIONS
Necessity for limb amputa:ions because of the tearing of big blood vessels may be obviated by the use of heparin, an anti-coagulant extracted from beef lung?, Dr. Gordon Murray of the University of Toronto said last week. Experiments with it promise miracles in saving limbs of soldiers who have big blood vessels torn by gunshot wounds.
—o—
MAGNETISM KILLS BACTERIA
Use of high frequency current to kill bacteria and fermentation molts is being tested with successful results at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute. Milk was placed in the magnetic field produced by the high frequency current and it was found that it kills all kinds of bacteria. Similar effects have been achieved by passing the currents through the milk.
—o—
COLD VACCINE FORETOLD
A vaccine giving immunity from the common cold may be perfected within the next few years.
Dr. Russell L. Cecil, professor of clinical medicine at Cornell University, said that "evidence ia already at hand to indicate that immunization against the influenza virus is feasible and effective."
ity.
“BEST 1 EVER BOUGHT,’* SAYS Mrs. V. Dicker of her Bray chicks. Prompt shipment of Bray Barred Rock, New Hampshire, Columbian Wyandotf es. Brown also started cockerels and capons. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. N., Hamilton.
6. lu leaving a public dining room with a girl, should the man allow the girl to go first?
A. Yes. The girl precedes.
HOTELS WANTED
Leghorns;
OUR SUCCESS IN SELLING HOTels is really phenomenal. We will be pleased to have an opportunity to try to sell yours. We advertise In every paper in Ontario. For our terms, write to Bert Weir & Sons. Realtors, London, Ontario.
Whet’s in * ns me ? Well, it II be a long time before an y British baby is christened Adolf.
<
STAMMERING
CORRECTED —
PERMANENTLY
guaranteed If Instructions followed. New scientific method. Twenty years’ experience. References H. W. Hogue, 220 McDermot, Winni-
i

On some 50 deep reconnaissance flights made by night by the Royal Air Force only four aircraft are known to have been lost through enemy action.
AMAZING IS THE ONLY WORD for Top Notch 1940 Chicks. Better than ever and lower in price. Send for May price list. Standard quality non-sexed Leghorns $8.50 Barred Rocks, New Hamps, $8.95. White Rocks. Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Hamps x Barred Rocks $9.95, 90 per cent. Pullets Leghorns $16.95, Barred Rocks $14.75, New Hamps, Hybrids $15.75 Cockerels Leghorns two cents. New Hamps $5.00, Barred Rocks $7.00, White Rocks, Hybrids $7.75, Large Egg Quality, Bigger Profit Quality slightly higher. Top Notch Qhickeries, Guelph, Ontario.
i

Three men, tired of the world, went to live on the top of a mountain.
HORSES FOR SALE
peg
FOR SALE. BLACK PERCHERON Stallion, three years old. by that well known stallion Prince Degas. This is a very outstanding horse. Clarence Vermiljfea, R.R. 5, Belleville. Ontario.
LYONS’
BARGAINS!
i
A year passed, and one of them •aid, "It’s peaceful up here, isn’t it?”
HIGH CLASS RECONDITION.RO
FURNITURE .
$35 Large 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in brown mohair figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24 Apartment size 3 piece repp Chesterfield Suite. Marshall ush-lons, thoroughly clean.
$32 Beautiful Kroehler 3 piece * hes-terfield Suite, upholstered In figured blue Jacquard. Perfect condition.
$19 Large 3 piece Chesterfield butir. upholstered in figured brown repp with reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$25 Solid oak dining room vjiie. completely refinished, buffe *, extension table and 6 leather seat chairs.
$39 Complete 9 piece solid oak Dining Suite, buffet, extension t;»blc. china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$69 Modern 9 piece walnut finish Dining Suite, completely re fi * ! shed. buffet, extension table, » hina cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$76 Beautiful solid walnut dining suite, perfect condition, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$39 Smart bedroom suite in wr’nut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
$19 Simmons bed In walnut finish, eagleba spring, new mattress nr.d large dresser.
$49 Modern bedroom suite In dark, two-tone walnut finish, large vanity, Venetian mirror, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring mid new mattress.
$69 Beautiful modern bedroom suite • in rich bleached walnut finish, large dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed, eagles» spring and mattress. Floor sample.
$11.95 Combination desk and cheat In walnut finish with 3 large drawers and desk compartment. $8.96 Large assortment of dreaders In walnut finish with large mirrors and 3 deep drawers.	. - -, ¦
$12.50 Large double
Inets in oak and walnut finish.
$8.96 Kitchen cabinets with sliding
t%* 1» u«k . . , , name!
$8.95 Guaranteed 3 and 4-tmmer
stove» with high shelves. w. . $14.96 Breakfast suites. 6 plac^Ajfeuf-
fet, drop leaf table and i "Tiairs In enamel finish.
$6.95 Large chesterfield '•hairs, upholstered In brown mohair, Marshall spring cushions.
All goods thoroughly reconditioned and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction. Write for our new free illustrated catalogue, showing hundreds of other outstanding values In new and re-conditioned furniture.


CREAM
Ai
Another year passed and the second man said, "Yes.”
Another year passed, and the third man raid, "If you two chatter like this I shall ha\e to go boffie.”
MEDICAL
ECZEMA, RASHES. PILES. SORB Feet, completely relieved by Der-mi soothe, household ointment, 25c, at your local druggist, or mailed direct. Write for free sample. Twentieth Century Remedies. 107 Hogarth Avenue. Toronto.
1
WANTED
the
clean, powerful
TWEDDLE HAS UNLOCKED THE door to opportunity and thrown away the key. Act quickly but take time to compare the quality of Tweddle Chicks, and also see the money you can save. Gigantic production 55,000 to 60.000 chicks (hatched every week) enables us to sell for Ieas. choose from. Day-old chicks, started chicks, three week old capons, turkey poults. Free logiie. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
We are paying a real high price for cream FOB, Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
i

Shocked Old Lady: "And on the way up here we passed twenty-five people in parked cars !"
Young Hostess:	"Oh, I'm
sure you’re mistaken. It must have been an even number."
NURSERY STOCK
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmers Co-operative Co. Ltd.
Duke and George Streets TORONTO, Ontario.
18 varieties to
l
STRAWBERRY PLANTS, PREMIER $5.00 thousand. Burrill. Glen Mary, Parson’s Beauty $4.00 per thousand. Darwin Crlpps, No. 2, Acton.
I
1940 cata-
BIGGEST $1.00 GARDEN! 20 DIFferent Perennial Plants (Delphinium, Pyrethrum, Sweetrocket, etc.) Barberry, Nlnebark, Japonic* Shrubs; Evergreen: Weeping Willow; 250 Seeds; Gayfenthar Bulbs. Prepaid. Two orders $1.80. Dollar Nurseries. Fonthill. Ontario.
;
THEY ARE GOING FAST ! DON’t miss these bargains. Just Barred Rocks and New Hamps left Standard Quality ten days old Barred Rock pullets $18.40, non-sexed $11.45. cockerels $7.95, New Hamp cockerels $5.95, two-week-old add one cent, three-week-old add four cents. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Extra Select add two cents. Big cockerel special while they last. Barred Rocks and New Hamps three to four-week-old Barred Rocks Standard Quality $10.95, New Hamps $9.95^ Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden. Ontario.
Taken to Morgue ‘Dead’ Man Sore
Attention!
A "dead” man picked up on a downtown Montreal street last week turned out to be very much alive when they got him to the morgue—in fact, he protested.
"Hey! get me out of here quick,” yelled 44-year-old Adrien Chaumont when he revived a few minutes after being carried into the morgue building, near where &# collapsed during a sudden attack of illness.
After first-aid treatment, Chaumont was removed: to hospital in •n ambulance.
NURSERY STOCK
SIX ONE DOLLAR OFFERS Postpaid — 6 varieties Hardy Phlox; 6 varieties Perennials; 6 Perennials for Rock Garden, 12 varieties Iris: 8 bulbs Garden Lilies; 50 No. 1 Gladioli, mixed; all 6 lots $5.00, Express paid. Catalogue on request. Forward Gardens, Iroquois, Ontario.
USED TRUCK BUYERS
VITAMINS FROM ELEMENTS The United States Department of Agriculture has found in natural gas, coal, acetylene, limestone and water the raw materials for making man’s hormones.
The discovery promises d cheap source of a class of remedies, vital to life and health, which at present are among the scarcest and most expensive on the druggist’s shelves.
EGG TRAY g
MORE MONEY FOR EGGS. ELIAI-
It will pay you to see Ontario’s largest assorted stock of good Used Trucks.
Write, phone or call at
inate loss from cracks and breaks by packing in Keyes Trays (filler flats). 30 doz. large eggs packed In regular cases. Send for free samples or 25c for enough for one case. Postage paid. Hawley Pro. ducts Ltd., 79 Elgin Street, Brantford. Ontario.	.	•
PUPS FOR SALE
PUREBRED WIREHAIRED FOX-terrler pups, eight weeks old from show winning stock. Reasonable. A. N. Robinson. Stratford. Ont
X
ai,
G. M.C TRUCKS
QUICK ACTION IS WHAT YOU want with chicks now. Bray is ready with 18 varieties. Started chicks, capons. For egg or moat rkets. Immediate shipment. But order soon. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton.
4UIT TUUA< vu» SNUFF EASILY. . inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials Umtrnnteed Advice free nsrllen • Rnv i WInnlnee
door china eab-

Ær.
V?
A STRONG, 25-YEAR ROOFING
PHOTOGRAPHY
»
BULB#
MAY SPECIAL! TRIAL ROLL OR eight reprints, 16c, with Advertisement. London Photo Service, Box 561. London. Ontario.
Why waste money on wood shingles that barn? Roof your bedding, with METAL for permanence, protection aad economy. Pedlar's No-Roof i n the "Council Standard* * Bund, is Guaranteed dor 2) Years Send dimensions of your building for our Free ruimete of complete cost
>
MEXICAN TIGER FLOWERS. OOR-Seous blooms In pink, red, yellow, etc., all Summer. 6 bulbs for 25c.
. Postpaid, with catalogue rare plants and bulbs. Garden Guild Bulb Dept.. Toronto 12.	_
#
Factory Retail Branch
208 Spa dm a Ave. Toronto
Guaranteed
i
Polder and prices ott application.

K
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
THE PEDLAR PEOPLE LIMITED
Established 1861
m
m

BICYCLES, MOTORCYCLES
Used
New
Heed Office . Oihewo, OiU.
Montreal Ottawa Toronto Winnipeg Calgary Vancouver
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE New rebuilt Bicycles $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Duke's. 625A Queen W- Toronto.

SVECIAMZI MG I ft HP.Ill ll.T MOTORS. I'OWKRvUMTS, Hydraulic Hole I a. \\ns
I
Phone WA. 183)
Open Evening!
i
W

«•he*. Geaerulora. Start*

PEDLARS NuRoof

arlmrelore lladlal-
i Service, Gl
«
LYONS FURNITURE CO. x 478 Yonge St

i
i
ISSUE NO. 18—’40
Sailefnctiois or reload. Levy

Auto
1 tl
I
Parla. Turent
4

%







‘

###PAGE###4###




- Tr



s\J\S\'é\JS/\fX/\jX4\S
zzz
ors, 3 ton load carriers, engineer derrick, 30 hundredweight load carriers and
wireless trucks were displayed.
And it does not matter whether these of Ford or General Motors
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, MAY 9,19*0
Hodgins Garage
11
*
E

HBHPWPBPU
factories many of the parts are interchangeable. There might be a General Motors body on a Ford chassis or i“ and the vehicle would be just as When these vehicles work in with the Brit Un forces,
SEED
and
SEEDS
Foreign Exchange Board
vice
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
Merchants and others catering to the tourist trada who will accept 1 nited States currency will be permitted to display a tv official card provided by the Foreign Exchange Control Board.
The card, bearing the crest of the Dominion of Canada, will be available
„j : 11 x 14 inches and x 7 The larger card is suitable for Both will carry the United States currency
versa efficient conjunction
whceles. tires and bodies will be inter changeable with those of the British Army. It would be possible tor a j vehicle of the standard type four-wheel drive to have a General Motors front assembly, a Ford rear one and wheels and body made by a British factory, or any part of this combination. The parentage may be pure at the start but , nobody knows how mixed the stock eventually may become.
Simplification and standardization of mechanical units has been carried out
2 !i*KT.;dsr;bJt" sbs
War Services_	makes of trucks—eacli requiring special
########
¦US*
pates that eventually the total may leary. reach $120,000 or 150 per cent, of the objective.
It is lbs intention of Canadian Legion War Services to keep the public advised from time to time through the press what is being accomplished by the money subscribed to this fund
Sometime in May there will be available a booklet published by the War Services describing the activities of this organization during the first six months of the present war.
S
X
\

x
Q
in two sizes inches.
window display same legend :
is accepted here at the official premium by the Foreign Exchange Control
x
x
X
A Choice Lot to Choose From |
Change your old model and get a better one 5
set
have Timothy, Red Clover, Alfalfa, Sweet Clover, Alsike, Flax, Red Top, etc., jj
in Stock.
Car of No. 1 O.A.C. 21 Seed Barley to be given out on contract.
We will also have Wheat, Peas, Banner Oats, Alaska Oats, Victory Oats, Buck Wheat, and other seed grains as soon as the roads are open for trucking.
Why not come in today and arrange for your seed requirements ?

Board”
We now
j
<

$
8


1930—Pontiac Sedan 1929—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Sedan*
1937—Chevrolet Coach no Trunk
1937—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1938-	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk, four of them 1938—Chevrolet Sedan, two of them
1934—Chevrolet 1^ ton truck with stake body 1936—Maple Leaf 21 ton truck with stake body
<




>
8
un
5

»

x
ll
I <
X
:
x

\
»
c

I: <
h

I Some seeds are going to be scarce,
we g
advise that you order yours without delay
:
c
:
J. L HUDGINS
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
*-S
?


?

Phone 64 J.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED’D. |
V
Shaw ville, May 1st. 1940
Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present : Chairman Hod-gins and a.full Board of Commissioners.
Minutes of last meeting read and on motion of Comr. Nurse were approved.
Motion-Comr Wilson—that Rev. T. E. R. Nurse, be appointed Deputy Examiner and Rev. A. F. Fokes, assistant for June examinations.—Carried.
The Secretary was instructed to notify all Teachers to send in the number of pupils of Grade 7. also the number of papers they will require in Grades 3, 4, and 5. Papers for Grade 6 cannot be furnished this year.
The following bills were presented for approval :
Alfred Yach, repairing clocks, $ 1 50 VV. A. Horigins Store, supplies 40 55 Renouf Publishing Co. “
Moyer School Supplies u_
R. Wallace Burry	“
Domestic Science Supplies ...
Emery Greer, wood to High
School .................
Wilbur Chapman, wood H. S.
Peicy Belsher, wood to H. S.
Motion—Comr Wilson — that these bills be paid.—Carried.
The matter of Scholarships was discussed.
Motion—Comr Nurse—that the third reading be left over to the June meeting.—Carried.
Motion—Comr Hobbs — to adjourn.
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas.

ifÂlAZÀ
arily used.
Cows receive moat of the minerals through the ordinary feeds. Regular rations, however, may not provide Recent experiments have shown that sufficient quantities of calcium phos-the milk yield of cows may be reduced ph-irons. Home grown grains are low when insufficient quantities of fat are in both of these minerals but are pro-fed, says the Ontario Feed Board of the port innately higher in phosphorous. Ontario Department of Agricultme. j	Protein-rich concentrates are usually
Cows should receive in the ration at rich in phosphorus. Cows not receiving least 70 per cent, of the total fat secret- ' sufficient minerals often drop in milk ed during the lactation period. 0*1 production, show an appetite for abnor-hearing seeds (soybeans, thxsced) and mal products such as bone«, sticks, the old processs oil meals constitute the leather and in advanced eases show main sources of high fat feeds.	1 soreness and stiffness in the joints.
Solvent, or new process oil meals. Calcium and phosphorus are supplied cereal grains and roughages are low in t>y feeding cows liberally on well-fat. Concentrate mixtures should have balanced rations. It may be necessary a fat content not lower than 3 5 per to supplement the amount of these cent, and may quite safely erntain as minerals in the ration by feeding bone high as ft per cent, fat ahlumgh this products such as steamed bone mca1, higher figure s difficult to ait tin with feeding bone meal, bone tl mr and bone meal mixtures made from feeds or Jin- char.
1
Fat Feeds Are Needed To Keep Up The Milk Flow
v. ;
I
v
?
0
0
Children Warned of Playing in the Streets
The oft repeated advice that “the * street is not a playground” becomes more and more significant every year with the coming of warm weather, because of the ever increasing number of vehicles” declared J. C. Thivierge, vicepresident of the Province of Quebec Safety League iu charge of	1{*n
safety, at a teachers’ meeting held recently.
“Children would do well to remember” the speaker said, “that we are working in their best interest when we endeavor to stop them from playing in the street. There are many parks, playgrounds and other places of recreation where they can have more fun and not run the risk of being run over and killed should realize their duty in this direction and, even though it is difficult for them to keep the youngsters constantly unde/ their eyes, they can show utmost severity and give the children formal orders that they are not to leave the sidewalk under any circumstances.
Mr. Thivierge spoke at length of the roller skating problem, claiming that boys and girls seem to prefer skating off the sidewalk, not at all aware of the grave risk they are running ; he added that positive proof of these youthful skaters’ carlessness was to be found in , the fact that many sped down bills and ran into the side of motor cars, often injuring themselves seriously.
The speaker appealed to the co-operation of teachers requesting them to give a short talk to their pupils on the accidents they might suffer if they continue to play in the street.
0
G
30
u
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
I

-
Ltd.
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co
For Use of Improvements
•9

1 95
2.93
11	50
12	4S
5 cents
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure. ¦
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flitted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long,
per 1,000 feet Board Measure............................
Red imd While Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and ail other woods, ronnd nr flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure........... ...... ..............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic I'eet......
Pulpwood, per Cord...............».......................
44 00
6 00 20 00
f»J cents
Parents
The
FORD V-8
7 h cents
75 cents
5 cent

E. C. WOOLS BY,
Secretary
P
lM

/
S


ft
ft
S
I
I The Hodgins Lumber Co. |
D	N
Tenders for Coal and Coke
Federal Bldgs., Province of Quebec
SEALED Tenders addressed to the undersigned and endorsed, “Tender for Coal for the Province of Quebec.” will be received until 12 o’clock noon (daylight saving), Wednesday, May 22, 1940, for the supply of coal and coke for the
The gun may bump high over a hump Federal Buildings in Province of Que-and drop down deep in a ditch, but still bee, except Montreal.
it goes on and on. No smooth pave- Forms of tender with specifications j g ment is necessary to get this weapon to and conditions attached can be obtained its destination. Drawn by a four-wheel from the Purchasing Agent, Department, B drive tractor it must go or disintegrate, of Public Works, Ottawa ; the Lleik S the tractor makes nothing of of Works, 1>0 St. I au I St West, ordinary obstacles and tears its way Montreal ; and the Llerk of Works, through country that would appal a Customs Building, Quebec, P.Q. commercial vehicle.	Tenders should be made on the forms
At a demonstration of mechanical supplied by the Department and in transport in Ottawa last week, these accordance with the departmental speci-
tractors and not ouly tliese but trucks fications and conditions attached thereto.
In the case of tenderers quoting for
The lower-priced ford V 8, with a character of own, is definitely modern in every detail of design evident in the deep hoed, the low grille, the long, smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
serious
S
ft 1
This is
ft
ft
Canadian War Trucks Proven in Stiff Tests
ft
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
ft
a
Like lhe De Luxe Ford, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important new features. It has the same extra inches of leg room, Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Seal eel -Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting
1 he improved shock absorbers, and the flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer,
Its big hydraulic
i
For
transmission.
more
give it an outstandingly level ride, brakes give straight, quick stops.
Phone 27
as well proved their ability. They	¦¦
tried over the roughest ground the one or more places or buildings and
environs of Rockliffe Aerodrome could when the total of their offer exceeds the provide. They were thrown over at sum of $3,000.00, they must attach to various ; perilous degrees from the their tender a certified cheque on a horizontal and even the vertical but i chartered bank in Canada, made pay-
whatever able to the order of the Honourable the
The 85 horse power Ford V-8 engine gives unusual operating economy, with outstanding perfor-
lVIany owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
mance of gasoline.
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the money you invest.
Shawville,
functioned efficiently in	,	_	.	, ..
position they found themselves. If one Minister of 1 ublic Works, equal to 10 got stuck—and one did—in a steep per cent of the amount of the tender, ditch in soft ground another m de a or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of job of hauling it out 'so quickly, it Canada or of the Canadian National .seemed simple.	Railway Company and its constituent
Canadian plants are to provide 93 companies, unconditionally guaranteed per cent, of the mechanical transport as to principal and interest by the Do-wbich will be used by troops abroad, minion of Canada, or the aforemention-This is possible only because of the co- ed bonds and a certified cheque if réoperation of The Ford Motor Company qui red to make up nr> odd amount,
,f Canada and The Genera! Motors Thu Department also reserves the CWj>or.<tion of Canada with fhe De right to demand from any successful piytifFftt *f National Defence. ' Th**y tenderer a security daposit, in the forut
r.joyed the assistance of allied of a certified cheque or bond as above, industries so that new wheels, new « quai to 10 per cent of the amount of bbdivs and other t qui paient could keep bis bid, to guarantee tho proper fulfil-pace with the production schedule >-f ment of the contract.
the automobile plants.	By ord<T,	_______
The units on pirad* *t Rockliffe wcie some of the new •" !>nt of Can idn	,
factories. Fiflten mi mtmlweight truck• Department yf Public W< rks, palling auti tank ^uus, field gun tract- 'Ottawa, April 20, 194V.


In Memoriam
In loving memory of Mrs, H J. Coo-nelly who died May 8th, 1938.
Remembra:,ce id i golden nftain,
Death tries to Break but all in vain ;
To have, to love, and then to part,
Is the greatest sdrrow of onb*4 heart.
The years may wipe out many things, But this, dear mother, they wipe out never,	;
The memory of those happy days When we were all together.
Husband and Family.
Pulpwood Wanted
[ .in prepared U> purctnw green of
and U*laaiit pdlpwood.
Horses nml cattles taken- in part payment
peeled Spruce
KO.B. cars on C. tf or C. P. railway.
Vvnrcd to road sidu for pick u|*
Phone or write, •
t.
G. A. Howard & Son
or dt by Liu» ks
I
J. M. ARGUE, Shawvillc, Que
Shawville
Quebec
J. M. SOMERVILLE,
Secretary
Phone 7 G

i
###PAGE###5###
&
S ervice Announcement
DALE’S TINSHOP
*The Equity
Shaw ville United Church Rev* A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. I’Astor
Established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
%
AT
Sunday, May 12
Service at Shawville
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
11.00 a. m —
1.30 p.m.—Service ar d.Sunday School
at Zion
r
annual subscription
$1.80
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
• •
3.30 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
with special
2.00
Mother’s Day services music and message by the Pastor on
“Calling all Mothers”
7.30 n.m — C.G.I.T. Service at Shaw-ville. The girls are in charge of the service and present a short pageant. The Pastor will speak on “The Pinnacle
of Girlhood”. '
P-U-M-P-S
All arrears must he paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
VV. 0 COWAN, PUBLISHER
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. Call in and see this stock and save money.
Z

z
FOR SALEeggp
“ Tile Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter length# for cellmate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1338 Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. ARMSTRONG SALEH, B. D.
Sunday, May 12
«
Sunday School 10.00
ami i.oo
St. Andrews,
Service at
>/i
LESLIE DALE
Sunday School Service at
2.00
Knox,
3.00
2/Z
Quebec
I	Shawville,
Sunday School Service at
“ Mother’s Day Services ” Evangelistic Meeting at St. Andrew s Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, May
Guest
10.30
For Sale
Austin,
7.A0
1__De Fry Movie Camera 10 M.M.
1—DeFry Movie 200 Watt Projector
10 M.M.
1—DeLaval 1} h.p. Gas Engine.
I-Set Matched Golf Clubs, 3 woods and 0 irons, also a few other clubs.
1 — 10 gallon Spray with Force Pump
1—22 Winchester Automatic
1—22 long Knifield 0 shot rifle
Apply to
G. H. BOULTON,
Bristol, Que.
on
15, 16 and 17 at 8 00 p.m. speaker : Rev. W. H. Day, of Quyon. Be sure to attend these meetings ; they will do you good.
Certified Chicks

ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, May 12
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity • 3.00 p m—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s -
Service Withdrawn
*
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
$39.63

k
>1
Quebec
NV
Shawville,

Rhone, Shawville 4 9.
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the
Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for egg production
/A
1
Nino Others Needed to Keep One Pilot in the Air


In the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan it is estimated that one in ten airmen, forming the complement of a “flight”, can be classed as pilots. Organization and administration, repair and inspection of aircraft and equip ment, aeronautical development and a multitude of other duties absorb the services of many men vital to the actual flying numerations.
Hence a wide variety of occupations and trades will be incorporated into the Air Force. Qualifications for some of these illustrate the highly specialized nature of the work. Aero engine mechanics, with a thorough knowledge M of internal combustion engines and N familiar with the methods of fitting g bearings, piston and piston rings, \altc m grinding and engine timing, are required gj to keep the equipment in top shape, q Then there are armament artificers. These must be capable of overhauling, repairing and testing rifles, machine bombs, armament and other
Parish of North Clarendon RK. C. Bolton in charge
BREEDS
Here’s the smartest mattress ever produced by Simmons! New plain edge — 837 coil springs for greater buoyancy — pre-built border to prevent sag-ventilators—handles for easy turning—patented " tufting for smoother sleeping surface —
. Come in and see it
Snnday, May 12
Thorne Centre, Sunday Suchool 10.00
Holy Communion 10.30 Sunday School Evening Prayer Evening Prayer
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn — New Hampshire
2.00
Chart eris,
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
2.30
gmg
7.30
Grecrmount
"Jiffy-join lovely two-tone damask coverings
today.	*
$12.00 per 100 1200 “ 11.00 " 1000 “
March, 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29
May 2. 0, 9.........
“	13, IB, 20, 23 ..
"	27 and 30.....
Jane 3, 6, 10, 13, IT, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1 00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Today
Look Here
44
1
H
FAMOUS BRAND NAMES FEATURED THIS WEEK
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
44
.4
44
9.00
• •
• •
• •
44
8 00 “
o
Large pasturaging Applv to Dawson Phone 20-6.
I PASTURAGE -range for cattle. Armstrong, R 1 Shawville.
With the new Beautyrest Mattress, we are featuring this week other nationally known products — names that are household words in Canada — "Ostermoor Springfilled Mattress and "Slumber King" Springs and Simmobs Studio Couches. Large assortment awaits
your inspection.
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Seed Potatoes (Green Mcuntninl. App y to Everett Lavghren, Charteris. Phone.
Shawville 30 -27.
"Slumber King" Mattress "Deep Sleep" Pillows
gum,
•equipment used. The armament ficer should also have a working knowledge of explosives and understand the use of metal working machinery.
Cooks must have not only a thorough knowledge of cooking, also of meat x cutting, storage of perishables and defrosting of meats and fish.
Men taken on as _ .
capable of taking dictation at the rate
of 7f> words per minute and to type at a rate of 40 words per minute. They be familiar with filing systems and
art i
/'
Ü for SALE—A quantity of \ anguard k rust resistant oats, government i aspect-fc ed No. 1. certified see l. One U disc Frost» E Wood Hirrow. Apply to R. J. Ccth-E bkhtson, Maryland. Que. Phone
N
y
ESTABLISHED 1883
% SLUMBER KING" Z SPRING
E FOR SALE—A quantity of good quality b loose hay , two Percheron Mares, rising N four years. Apply to Clifford Horner, B R R. l, Shawville. Phone !•> -16.
B FOR SALE—One 13 Disc McCormick H ! Seed Drill. Will exchange for Cow or B | Young Cattle. Apply to Norman Dodds E Maryland. Que.
k FOR S VLE—Well-matched team, geld-C mes. weighing about 3.000 lbs. four years B old. well broken. Apply to \d m. Graham E Maryland, Que. Phone 23- 21.
I*
clerks must be
COACH
INVALID
§

needs
This famous spring no introduction. There are more Slumber King springs in use to-day than any other branded make. Standard Nationally Advertised Price...
i
GEORGE HYNES 58 SON
must
general accounting.
The term disciplinarian las applied to men who will have ¦ the physicd training of recuits. They must be competent in the instruction | and supervision of physical training •classes, have a knowledge of military drill, be proficient in and gymnastic* and be ready to take on •coaching duties in various forms of athletics.
Electricians in the Air Force
iking knowledge of
fA
Y/M
i been charge of
Directors of Funeral Service
&
$12.50
FJ

Shawville, Que.
XV/

for SALE—A quantity of Red Clover. Government Tested. Apply to Norval Wilson, R.R.3. Shawville. Phone 7- o.
*
fencing, boxing
Phone 80
s

FOR SALE — A number of Viking
suitable for setting
Rasberry Canes, out this soring, at 25 cents per dozen. Apply to PETER L. Thompson. R. K. 4 Shawville, Que.
arc ex


.peeled to have a „ _
¦motors, generators and batteries and a practical knowledge of materials used in the trade. The electrician must be able to diagnose faults in circuits and electrical apparatus, and read wiring dia-
wo

225252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525252525253
5252525252525252525252525252
Sr,Sr,S?SrJSrJhrli
FOR SALE— A quantity of Banner Seed Oats. Apply to Jas. Cvthdertson, Shawville.

i
MacLean’s
"SLUMBER KING MATTRESS
rü

¦*>#
RED & WHITE STORE
*

$
grams.
FOR EXCHANGE-Gelding. 7 years old. around 17(0, for team. 5 years old weighing around 30(.0. Apply to Lkon-ard Bklsher. Phone 30 Shawville.
wm
The fabric worker must be familiar jj
•with cutting, machining and the filling 0 <,f fabric to aircraft, be capable to sew Q ing by hand and of applying all types. ^ of paints, dopes and varnishes.	i g
A knowledge of the heat treatment g of tools, springs and instrument parts is h a necessary qualifications for instrument y repairers. They must .know the physical properties of materials used ip instruments, be able to read working drawings, have a knowledge of electricity, magnetism, general physics and mechanics.
• The machinist must know machine shop practice, he proficient in the handling of lathes, milling machines, shapers, grinders and p'aners. He should be able to read working drawings and derstand the use of a micrometer, vernier caliper, surface and depth
introducing a new value in sleeping comfort,the “Slumber King” mattress is considered, by experts, as giving the greatest value in sleeping comfort at its popular price. *
wm.
t
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
'•$22.50
m
« i
Apply to John L. Horn;ins, Shawville. Phone 61.

«8
$1.00
3 dozen
Salt Herrings Rinso,
Oxydol Chipo
Soap Chips. 3 pound package .........
Bon-Ame, cake or powder..............
G.M. Floor Wax, paste ...............
G.M. Self Polishing Wax, large tin...
Zebra Stove Polish, paste, per tin...
Non Such Stove Polish, liquid, bottle
Babbetts Cleanser, per tin...........
Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin .........
O Cedar Polish, per bottle...........
Lemon
.23
large package
<( <<
Shawville Y P- V. are present inc their comedy drama Meet the Medicine Man" a highly humorous attraction in the Theatre on Fm
Keep this date in
.23
.23
it
tt
.25
day. May 17th.
tuind
.14
.25
.50
In Memoriam
.15
mi
of our sister, Mrs.
.19
InR J.' connolly,1 who died May 6,
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Successor
.05
gauge*-	.	.	. ,,
Motor transport mechanic», besides proficiency in repairing and overhauling trucks, must have a knowledge of map reading, police and highway regulations.
The metal worker and the metal air frame mechanic must be familiar with the use acid maintenance of hand tools and shop equipment, understand work iog drawings and elemental y geometry aa applied to sheet metal work, have a knowledge of rivetting, panel beating, planishing, Hinging, brazing and soft üohb riug and acetylene welding.
and electrical should have t, knowledge of elementary iy, magnetism and radi i priuci-itianipulale win*less apparatus in They must be capable of
1938.
There is, some one daily.
And finds the time long, since you
'	-t- *mt.
TheMris^aoma one
. But tries to be brave and coûtent 1 So wè>bÀd4teai»	Are silent .
And breuthu highs of regret,
For you wore mine to remember dear
. .Ivraie.
If all ilie world forgetc
> Kver remembered by sisters,
Mrs. 5. R McMillan and • •	Miss Lorena Morrison.
.10
who thinks of you
.25
.25
i-Rt t V I t t ‘i-
II

.	. aLyil-
Steel Wool, per package..a
Pearl. Comfort or P & G Soap per bar
Lux. large package ^
Brooms, good quality, each Cooked Macaroni with Cheese large tin
Clarks Pork & Beans, large tin ...-
Habitant P a or Vegetable Soup......
Mixed Coo .1-3. per pound...........
I s
#»#########*#+#*#***L

vnt .
w eff »v oft k.
who think» of >«
-TttOr- - JS

• ••
.03

.25
sassBislSs
excellent outlet f,r their energies and chemistry of film development. ,
. ...	The ah men engage mjhes# trades snd
Photnpnmhy is of vital importance to 0c, npitions with n the Air lore», make the \ir Kmcc in modern warfare. To *n important contribution to the tr««” qualify as a photographer the recruit ing of. pilots, air gunners aryl
' should be familiar ovith the history and observera.
9fM • ••• ##••••••••••••••*••* ••••
• •••
.30

.18
.15
.12
w
.15
«• S
aufli ('It ( .
led t common uat*.

-IS/
###PAGE###6###
'

%

* t

John Ambulance work for Scouts is being given at Carmichael Tous©, the St. Catharines District Headquarters.
Scouts of Oil Springs, Ont., collected over 2,000 tons of waStepa-and magazines for the Red
Cross. Regular truck are being made every second
week.
They're Out To Prevent Accident* in Industry
VOICE
I
m
I
1

NEWS
THE
O F
)

PRESS





PABADE



&

per
m



propaganda .
Propaganda Is the other side’s case put so well that It annoys you. — Kingston Whig-Standard.

collections by

• •




Arm-chair generals came into their own last week. Supplied with s multiplicity of maps of the Scandinavian front they could tell the rest of the world just exactly how the war in Norway was going. Two major battles were being waged, they pointed out, which might prove decisive for the whole Norwegian campaign — north of Oslo ; and north of Trondheim, the key to central and southern Norway, connected by rail with Sweden. Heavy intensification of the war in the air was noted ... the Allied navies being la control of sea communications, Hot Hitler was having to depend-mainly on his air fleet not only for supplies for his invading army but for reinforcements; and was having to rely largely on his air-to fight off further Allied landings and supply ships.
* Sweden On Spot
If, as was apparently the case last week, Germany was finding herself unable to consolidate her position in southern Norway fast enough, before new Allied thrusts
rthem Norway could bog down her machine, neighboring Sweden was in the worst spot since the time of Napoleon. A German invasion of Sweden appeared, on the surface, to be only a matter of hours. But . . . for several reasons, Sweden for the time being did not fear an attack by Germany: Because she has a well-trained and efficiently •quipped army of 400,000 men, and a number of strongly defended airdromes from which attacks against any invaders could be launched; again, a German invasion of Sweden was seen as immediately depriving Germany of an invaluable source of iron ore— the Kiruna iron mines; lastly, extension of the northern theatre of war to Sweden would mean that the Allies could strike at Hitler’s right flank and might the more earlier oust German forces from central and southern Norway.
The War Week
Since the Germans were so obviously occupied in Norway last week, a Nazi push on the West-Front was believed deferred . . . Nazi sympathizers were being driven out of a number of European countries, chiefly Yugoslavia, where a Nazi plot against the government was nipped in the hud . . . martial law was declared in the Netherlands, Premier de Geer also making it known that Dutch overseas possessions (Japan was eyeing the Dutch East Indies) would be defended by arms . . . Italy appeared to be maintaining resistance to German pressure to enter the war at this point; but Mussolini might be expected soon to seize Yugoslav islands in the Adriatic . . . Russia re-iterated her determination “not to participate in this war” . . . A German-Rumanian trade agreement was signed during the week, Rumania agreeing to fulfil existing wheat and oil contracts . . . following Anglo-Japanese talks eame rumors of British concessions to Japan in China, if Japan would help blockade Germany in the Pacific .

A



A reforestation camp for Boy
Ontario

ONSOtS
LEGION
MAIN DIFFERENCE . . .
Th© chief difference between a home-town doctor and the big city specialist is about $100.
Sun.

Scouts* from Western points will be held. May 16 19, at the Government reforestation site St. Williams, Ont., in co-op-

sa

îm:

Brandon

near
©ration with the Ontario Forestry Branch of the Department of Lands and Forests. Field Secretary H. E. D. Mitchell, of London, will be in charge. The Scouts participating will be selected by their own Troops on the basis of fitness and efficiency.

$2.50 SENDS 1,000	]
cigarettes le en y Single Military Address Oversees j
(m many 1,000 lah oi yov with!
We"e%S!T,M mKSSSJ '
W. C. MACDONALD INC..
lex itlt, Piece d*Armes,
nil dill wH**m*"»k aeemwi *«!dsttssi


IF THEY REVOLT###
If the rationed Germans do finally revolt, it likely will be because they realize that living room is not so important as dining room. — Toronto Saturday Night.
COUNTY TOWNS CHAMPIONED
A Toronto lawyer declares Juries In county towns are better than those In Toronto. But why restrict the statement to Juries? There are many, many things in county towns superior to those in Toronto. In fact, county towns as a rule are better than Toronto —. St. Thomas Tlmee-Journal.
• • •


¦ÉftKK^

«Once again the Boy Scouts Association has demonstrated its r»al worth and the fact that this organisation Is a great public asset, by collecting In a most efficient and thorough manner the election results from polling booths In Halifax and most of the large centres In Nova Scotia. As far as we have been able to ascertain, in not one Instance did the Boy Scouts fall down on their job, and In consequence of their efficiency and devotion to duty the general public able to receive the results of the polling throughout this province much sooner than would otherwise have been the case ' — A. M. Mackay, General Commercial Manager, Maritime Telegraph and Telephone Co.
jÉÊÊ


m
!

SEND THE BOYS THE BEST






contain D. although they ouppiy chemicals which turn Into D w lb# human body on exposure light.
m
MS
arm
o sun-
r.v.-.y.


TOO MANY MIDDLEMEN . . .
The middleman Is often of Inestimable value to the producer and serves hte turn to the community. But the middleman’s interest has grown to an extent quite unknown, we believe, elsewhere, and the poor producer too often sees his goods passing from one middleman to another, each exacting his profit, till the farmer at one end and the const the other are equally con-
l

Single Radio Fee Required



m
I
were

mm
in central and

IS


Canadian Households- May Operate Any Number
O
Sets
$

I
Hon. C. D. Howe. Federal Minister of Transport, has anmunod that only one radio receiving 11-will be required for a.I radio

*
m
>
sumer
founded — the one by the meagre-of his return and the other by
New officers for the coming year were elected at the silver jubilee safety convention of the Industrial Accident Prevention Associations at the Royal York Hotel, Toronto, on April 22 and 23. Shown above, hey are: (top, left to right) E. C. Steele, Union Gas. Co. Ltd., Chatham, president ; M. F. Verity, Massey-Harris Co. Ltd., Toronto, 1st vicepresident; (bottom, left to right) Col. Frank Chappell, V. D., General Motors of Canada Ltd., Oshawa, 2nd Vice-President; A J. Harvey, Lever Bros. Ltd., Toronto, honorary treasurer. R. B. Morley, Toronto, was re-elected general manager.
Humans Soon Eating Grass
cence
receiving sets Installed in a >rivai» residence instead of one for each set as formerly.
The ruling Is retroactive V April
039*40
1
i
ness
the swollen price he has to pay.
This is an old jtory, but surely the riddle is not insoluble? There must be ways of protecting the producer, and especially the small producer, from being slaughtered in the markets. — Guelph Mercury.
licence

Chemists Say Powder Has All Vitamins of Fruit, Vegetables
1st Inst when licences for expired.

1
Aikk* BEEHIVE
gun marksmen blazed away from early morning to sundown in the one-day shotgun tournament. • A dozen outstanding sheet champions from both sides of the international border journeyed to the Queen City to try for the provincial individual honours.
This year’s title was won by David MacEllven of the Buffalo, N. Y., Trap and Field Club, who led a strong aggregation of New Yorkers to Toronto for the provincial meet. He won the individual honours in a thrilling last-minute shoot-off with J. Harry Kretschmann of the Hamilton Gun Club after both had ended the regular 100-bird shoot with 96 targets broken. In the 25-target shoot-off the Buffalo champion posted a perfect score while the Hamiltonian missed three to end second. The Forester Gun Club of Williams ville, N. Y., won the team event.
* The tournament committee in charge was as follows: Represent-the Ontario Sheet Associa--President, Dr. D. H. Stew-Hamilton ; First Vice-Presi-
Capital ships: Great Britain 14. Germany 4.
Cruisers: Great Britain 58, Germany G.
Destroyers: Great Britain 173, , Germany 22.
POWERFUL NEW BATTLESHIPS
Official and semi-official reporta after the battle of the Skagerrak revealed that Britain has added five new battleships, the world’s most powerful, to the Royal Navy. Completion of these ships raised Britain’s capital ship strength to *19, leaving at least four more build-
F
“Please pass the grass," will be good dinner table etiquette if act-confirms that man can eat
Gardening


e###
ence
grass as reported to the American Chemical Society last week.
USFD IN SHAKER Powdered grass would be used in a shaker about as sparingly as salt. It would furnish all the vitamins that come from all the fruits and
t
most COMMON MISTAKE
Most common mistake of new gardeners is crowding things too close	together. In	planning	lay-
outs it is essential that the mature	height	and	width of	the
flower or shrub or tree be kept in mind and sufficient space be allowed for full growth. With newly set out permanent shrubbery, space between may be filled in temporarily	with	annuals	until
full room is required and with a slow growing tree like the maple or elm, shrubbery may be grown between for eight or ten years. But when the time comes for full room being needed, then it should be available and one must harden his heart, take an axe and thin. Crowded flowers, vegetables,
soon become
. I
ni
vegetables.
Evidence that plain grass Is the richest source of these vitamins reported by W. R Graham, G. 0. Kohler and C. F. Schnabel, of Kansas City, Mo. They have developed a powdered grass which can be added in cooking most foods, from flapjacks to desserts.
PUT INTO TREAD It can be put in bread, they said, without changing the flavor. And moreover, the bread and other food won't turn green, because of a method of washing out the color without destroying vitamins..
Chemical analysis shows grass contains all the vitamins from A, the infection protector, to E, the fertility promoter, excepting only Vitamin D, the bone hardener. And likewise fruits and vegetables don't
#
was

•rn
ing.
I
ONTARIO
Outdoors

I
BY VIC BAKER
f*
SKEET MEET
The spring skeet shooting season in Canada opened in April with a bang when more than a half a hundred of the best shotgun shooters in Ontario and New York State gathered at the Toronto Hunt Club to compete for the Ontario Individual Skeet Championship. More than 20,000 whizzing and ducking clay targets were powdered as the scatter-

shrubs or trees, weak and spindly.
INFORMALITY BEST The informal flower garden is much to be preferred for average planting. At the same time this does not mean just throwing in plants or seed. Generally the best plan is to have the larger flowers towards the rear or centre of the bed so that little things like nasturtiums, alyssum, dwarf phlox and similar kinds will not be hidden. Where the bed is to be mixed, it is well also to have late, medium and early flowers evenly balanced to insure something always in bloom.
SUMMER GARDENS Where one has a Summer cottage that will not be visited until June, the usual practice is to start practically all the garden in flat boxes at home. Later these are taken well grown out to the garden by the lake. Such things as lettuce, carrots, beets, onions, even corn, can all be started in boxes or pots and moved very carefully. It is a good idea to start in individual berry or special cardboard box and simply remove box when planting.
mg
L -,
tion

T
art,
dent, Dr. G. D. Beierl, Toronto; Second Vice-President, G. Alex Forbes, Hespelcr; Secretary, Alex Wilson, Toronto. Representing the Toronto Hunt Club, C. B. Henderson, Chairman of the shooting committee.	—
Pi.JI
By Fred Né her
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
US /KODERNJ?

8MM
Says Second War Started in 1936
MICKIE SAYS
w.
/

f
WEU'.TOLKf.-mey \% A $ORTA -nCKU$H ASSIGNMENT THAT^
th1 Subject o' topay$
$ERMON-*rc1$ $OM'PIN 'AT $OME OF YOU$E
Should be $enpin'
TO U$ IF you $PECT THI$ NEW$PAPEfc TO KEEP COMIX&^TD TOU
<
Canadian» Are Busy
Back home, Canadian taxpay-received three warnings that the cost of waging war comes high: one, tax increases in the British budget; two, a speech by the Governor of the Bank of Canada urging people to cut down on their personal spending; three, published figures showing a thirteen per cent increase in wholesale prices . . . During the same week, the Conservative party were looking for a House leader . . . Government, packers and farmers wondering what to do about

!
Famous Military Expert Liddell Hart, Believes It Began When Germany And Italy
Intervened In Spain


2

I
YS

I


I
era
v
7


t A
Capt. Liddell Hart, famous military expert, believes the second great war of the 20th century began
and Italy intervened in Spain. This and other disconcerting observations are made in his new book, “The Defence of Britain."
The Spanish civil war changed the strategic balance of power against the democracies, Hart believes. The Munich agreement still further upset that balance.
France and Great Britain failed to recognize In time this new “broadened strategy," or the extent of the “white war," according to Hart. As a result, they have now been manoeurvred out of their strategic vantage ground, and forced back into a defensive position which Is itself exposed in flank end rear."
M
S
ç
l
in July, 1936, when Germany

-du

t
\
\
%
v\
were
the reduction in British bacon buying over here . . • most of the cities of the Dominion were going on daylight saving time . . . Ottawa was denying reports that Canadian troops were serving in Norway . . .
Opposing Naval Forces Compared
In November “Jane’s Fighting Ships” authoritative word on the world navies, gave the following figures for principal classifications eg the Royal Navy and the German Fleet:
Capital ships: Great Britain 16,
Germany 6.
* Cruisers (heavy and other): Gt Britain 68, Germany 8.
' Destroyers :
Germany 22.
Submarines: Great Britain 5f,
ü9
a
z
SCOUTING
1

o
•v
Now it is the unhappy turn of the Scouts of Denmark, some 18,000 in nmber, to be banned by the Germans, as the invaders did in the of Czechoslovakia, Austria
case and Poland.
<C*pyri|
r?*?*/>

A special course in Junior St.
“Quick, Follow That Car! !”
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Palsy Walsy
&

m-
(;
YOU D BE CRAZY ABOUT IM TOO IF HE. CHEWED UP THE SLIPPERS THAT YOUR FATHE*
Greet Britain 179,
r GIVE ME A "
ice-cream coy/
VANILLA/ >
4
AM
•

t
Germany 65.
V WITH /




BEFORE NORWAY Prior to outbreak of war in Nor-Great Britain had lost one
//•ni
1
i *


\
/?
»
way,
capital ship, the Royal Oak, and Germany one, the Graf Spee. Great Britain had lost no cruisers, Germany two. British destroyer losses were placed at six. Germany, so
—her originalIH
implement. The Royal Nary ha. I lost four submarines, Germany $0 tq I* 10 Leaving out submarines, v.hose replacement ta impossible to eaU-mate, the apparent comparison thee
v-
&


^PEVSNINC IN*
*1
9

(•
t
rSiS

# «
\
2.#
X
)
###PAGE###7###
Mf* -
A Charming Commander-In-Chief Inspects Her Regiment
Correct Make-up Dramatizes Y ou
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
'
P
I .
%**
t%wi
m

..






Natural Texture of Skin May Be Improved But Not Concealed
ill
X
F
X
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, l?3S, NEA Service, Inc
Providing she has a clear, smooth complexion, It’s every business to learn to apply cosmetics so that the natural texture and glow of her skin are dramatized rather than concealed.
Unless it is used to conceal the minor blemishes or rough spots, her foundation preparation should give the skin a delicate, translucent finish rather than a heavy, caked look. It ought to be smoothed on lightly and allowed to set for a moment or two before application of cream rouge.
TRY CREAM ROUGE
Rouge should be placed on the cheeks where natural color shows after violent exercise or gentle pinching. The less used the better — and rough edges must be smoothed out to disappear completely at the hair line and sides of the face. Unless the skin is extremely oily, cream rouge is likely to be most satisfactory.
To achieve a dull finish with pow dor, apply it very generously after foundation lotion and cream rouge have carefully blended. Let it set for a few minutes, then whisk off the excess with a powder brush or a piece of clean, fluffy cotton.
J'owder should match exactly your natural skin tones. Rouge and lipstick are most flattering if they match your natural blood tones or at least harmonize with the color your cheeks and lips appear to be when you are wearing any color other than black and white.
CHAPTER XXIV
Miss Wilcox*» cheerful voice saM, “Oh, here you are, Doctor, just ft minuté, please.”
Without a hack win d look he then turned and followed the nurse Into (he sickroom. Constance went slowly to her own room . . . Yet for a moment he had seemed as close to her as If be hud held her in his nm
She had promised to ride with Hilda that afternoon. As she got into her riding clothes, she wondered what she could say to the other girl to help Derek. For after all, Derek was only what circumstances had made him. He had so little security within himself that you could not blame him for grasping at what seemed to him to be security without. And to Derek, security meant what Hildegarde Thorvaid represented.
WHAT ABOUT DEREK?
Constance weut to find Hilda — along the upper gallery and down the outside stairway that descended to the first floor. The stairs made the descent in three turns, with a moss-grown lauding at each turn. On the lower landing Constance halted abruptly with one foot poised, clinging to the iron railing to steady herself.
Two people were standing on the gallery below her.
In that suspended moment Constance realized, with a tearing sense of bereavement, how much she had really been hoping that some time, in another brief interval, when ho wasn’t too hurried nor too shy, Mark Rogers was going to tell her what she fo much wanted to hear from lilm.
Clinging to the lapels of Dr. Rogers' coat, her eyes bright with tears, but laughing up Into his face as only a very happy girl can laugh -- stood Hildegarde Thorvald. As Constance poised there, unable for * moment to stir, Mark put his arms around the tall glowing girl and kissed her gently; and Hilda said with a pulse in her lazy voice that Constance had never heard there before:
"I'm not good at waiting, Mark, and I’m not going to wait any longer. Now that It’s sure, I’m going to have Dad announce it tomorrow.”
“And what about Derek?” he ask-
woman’s.
His Home Acres
Turned Out To Be . . •

“HILLS of DESTINY”
Return ng to the C i r c 1 e-V ranch from abroad, Lee Hollister finds jealousy in the air . , . What happens next, find out by reading this exciting new serial.

murder
• • •


mm

STARTS NEXT WEEK




Visiting their training quarters in England, Queen Elizabeth inspected the Toronto Scottish Regiment, C.A.S.F., of which she is commander-in-chief. Members of this unit were selected for the honor of mounting guard at Buckingham Palace the latter part of A
hho cau still see how funny my face
it».”
"You've no idea how funny he Is any way you take him, Connie, dear,” Hilda'» voice said again. "But he's a lamb; and if I weren’t going to marry a flying fool of a scientist next week before he tears off again and loses himself in Tibet or other part» unknown, you’d never get a chance at him . . , That's what I was telling Mark when you dropped In , . . You’d better thank God Mark cut» up people for a living rather than hunting cosmic rays. At least you may see him at breakfast once in a while.”
EASY TO LAUGH
The agony in her wrenched shoulder had subsided into a dull ache, and Hilda's face swam into focus out of the cloud above where the face of Mark Rogers had been . , . There seemed now to he Jvst she and Hilda ... So that was why Hilda was always reading books all about Tibet . . . Hilda was going to marry a flying fool In Tibet who cut up cosmic rays for a living, or was it — ? Her thoughts refused to arrange themselves; but there was one thing Hilda had just said—
“I wish you’d tell me,” she asked giddily, closing her eyes, "how anyone has a chance at a man she
—	can’t catch alone for — five minutes at a time?”
Hilda giggled; and Constance found the giggle annoying. All the grievance» of the past days — com blned with the pain in her shoulder
—	swam in upon her, demanding immediate expression.
"Ob, it’s easy enough for you to laugh,” she said peevishly. "You don’t want him ... And anyhow, he talks to you. But he never even looks at me . . . Or, if he does only as if I were something little and awfully funny on a slide.”
"But Connie dear.” Hilda said.
and Just now
thoroughly cleaned, in the double boiler with the milk. When dates are soft, rub through a sieve. Combine with well beaten eggs, salt and vanilla, nuts. Pour into pie plate, lined with pastry, and bake fis custard pie.
T
m
Fashion Flashes
T
A
A
Printed silks are being used for shirt blouses.
# $ *
The “gathered neckline*’ gypsy
blouse is again popular.
• * *
Pique is smart for the tailored blouse.
L
B
>
K
L
F
- '
CREAM PIE


y% cup sugar
One-third cup flour One-eighth teaspoon salt Vi cup cold milk
114 cup milk and cream mixed (hot).
3 egg yolks 1 tablespoon buter 1 teaspoon vanilla 3 egg whites
3 tablespoons fruit sugar pinch salt pinch salt.
Mix the sugar, flour and salt all well together. Add the cold milk and mix very thoroughly. Add the hot milk very gradually and cook in double boiler, stirring constantly until the mixture thickens (about ten minutes). Beat egg yolks; pour one-half of milk mixture over the eggs, beating very thoroughly. Return to double boiler, mixing with the rest of the milk. Beat with a few turns of the egg beater and stir, cook three minutes. Remove from heat and add flavoring. When partly cool pour into pie shell (previously baked». Beat egg whites until very stiff, add the sugar and cornstarch very gradually, over the pie and place in slow oven until light brown.
s
E

* + +
Beige gowns in heavy sheers
are new for evening.
* * *
Bowl Bretons in black felt are
I suggested for wear with suits.
I	*	*	*
Printed pique is being shown
for summer evening dresses.
* * *
Pastel flannel jackets will be
worn with crepe dresses.
* * *
A brief hipbone length fitted black wool jacket over a slim matching frock is worn with white straw “plate” covered with multicolor flowers.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Milk and Eggs As Health Foods
A finished product which should bring much satisfaction and praise is the dish compounded of milk and eggs. These two foods probably should be classed as the two most essential to health, been said by an eminent health authority, that milk lacks only one thing and that is bulk — but it is frequently spoken of aa ‘‘the perfect food.” Then again, milk and eggs are perfect foods for children, containing high quality proteins, the food substances required for building the muscles and other tissues. Considering the minerals, milk is one of the best sources we have for calcium and phosphorus. Eggs, while containing an appreciable amount of these, are more valuable for their iron content.. And both are rich in vitamins and are therefore classed as “protective foods”. ilk is economical and at present, eggs are also in that class. Here are a few favorite recipes con taining these ideal foods:
ORANGE OMELET
r„
Women Told To “Take It Easy”
It has
Physical Educationist Cau tions Them Agaisnt Very Strenuous Exercise
* $ $
Jackets buttoned throat-high with small Peter Pan collars, register among tweed suit fashions. One notable sponsor wore one in stone mixture tweed over a plain brown skirt, the costume completed by brown accessories.
* * *
Black sports dresses in silk or linen are being shown for summer with white pique jackets.
Women should 'take, it easy” when exercising. Dean K. Hermann, of Boston University's Sargent College of Physical Education warns.
“The trouble today,” he says, "is that women seem to do nothing 111 the way of exercise or else try to kill themselves. They don’t exercise at all, or if they do. they don’t bother to warm up — they jump right into violent physical activity.”
LIGHT EXERCISE Such habits may lead to serious physical injury. Hermann says. He suggests that women do light setting-up exercises and engage in different sports such as golf, rowing, canoeing, fishing, hunting, tennis, bowling and croquet.

Pour
*
READERS, WRITE IN’ Chambers
I letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is eve» ready to listen to your Peeves Requests for recipes or special menus ere ia order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
Gayly-trimmed coats are seen
for juniors. Bright soutache or
embroidery and applique on white
mohair, rayon and cotton suiting,
irf reefer styles are most Ropula
*	*	*
Back buttons, always in good standing, are particularly so this summer. Only the bodice is buttoned at back or the buttons run full-length. The latter is seen in quite	a	few	sunback	dresses,
youthfully flared. This back-closing idea is stimulated this year by the importance of back-buttoned and wrapped pinafores.
*	»	s
Ht How metal curved-in graceful scrolls makes shoe heels with a	spring	motion	for	new	Paris
shoes. Other heels and soles are t elaborately carved from wood.
Mis.
wclcom
oil
4 eggs
< tablespoons orange juice 1 teaspoon grated orange rind % teaspoon salt.
Separate eggs and beat well. To the well beaten yolks, add the orange juice, rind and salt. Fold in the whites beaten until stiff. Cook slowly in a well buttered frying pan. Loosen around the edges with a spatula or thin knife until cooked on bottom. Place in a medium hot oven until dry and slightly brown on top. Serve on platter with prepared orange sections an dorange sauce.
"Derek?" HUdegavde laughed iu -¦oft amusement. “No one needs to worry about Derek. He will always know how to get what he wants out of life. What he really wants now—"
"you are little you are awfully funny. Don't you-recognize defense mechanism when you see It? . . . Oh, you two! I don’t know which of you is the most unutterable idiot/’
Then, after a moment. Hilda did not seem to he there any more. But there was still, Constance found, that warm, rough surface under her cheek; and there were arms about warm and close and comfort-
* #
• •
pet
A DAINTY DRESS
With Amusing Pockets
A HaART SHUDDER But I can’t stand here listening, onstance remembered.
Perhaps she moved; for they both glanced up and saw her rooted there, white and stricken.
Hilda drew herself quickly from Mark’s arms and called, "Connie, down. There’s something 1
Women Face New Responsibilities
her
able
FROM THE BEGINNING Mark's voice said, very close to her ear. "Connie darling, this ought not to be necessary — you must have known from the first that I wanted to — but It’s customary, I believe . . . Will you marry me, and give yourself something to laugh at for the rest of your life?"
Hoi* head was clearing now . . . Of course this might all be really happening, but —
"Darting." she asked shakily into his coat collar, "would you mind just — pinching me — or something? . . . People do imagine different things sometimes after they have bumped their head*, don't they?"
"I don’t hôld with pinching." he said, "but—"
He did not pinch her; but he did kiss hier very satisfactorily on her wet eyes, and then on her lips "What I don’t understand.” said Constance shakily, "is why you did not do that weeks ago."
"With you doing Camilla Wynne and laughing up youj1 sleeve at me every time I tried to talk sense to you — and that beautiful blond boy hovering in the background? 1 am not so sure now —
"Then you’re too blind to be even practising medicine, Derek? Why, for weeks Derek’s been just another stand-in.”
After another few moments he nald briskly, "Do yon know what 1 am going to do now? '
"Don't tell me,’’ Constance cut in. I've been expecting it. You’re going to send me to bed
« o me
cannot wait to tell you.”
Plçosc God, not now! Constance prayed. Not with both of them to . . Oh, what a fool 1 have
President of Toronto Council of Women Surveys Urgencl With Which Women of Dominion Must Deal

Orange Sauce
% cup orange juice 3 tablespoons water 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon grated orange rind.
1	egg yolk
2	tablespoons butter tablespoons cornstarch
2 tablespoons butter.
Mix cornstarch and sugar all but 1 tablespoon. Put in double boiler, adding water, orange juice, and lemon juice. Stir constant' and cook until thickened. Add egg yolk and cook 3 minute rind.
1-4

As
1
¦ ¦
see me been!
She turned to run back up the stairway. Perhaps her eyes blurred with the tears she could not seem to check ; or perhaps the clumsy jcling boot» tlicked her -The next thing she knew, she huddled on something hard and cold — numb, and blindingly,
sickening!)* giddy.
Somewhere near her Hilda’s own voice was saying. "Well, Mark Rogers, you complete fool -believe me now? Think how we must have looked to her, as if — oil, Mark, you don’t supiwsv she's
Prepare Locks For Summertime
/
• I
"In our zeal for war work let us not lose sight of the ultimate goal for which we are sacrificing and suffering. We must maintain our well-established social agencies so that our men will not come back to a disorganized Canada." Jfteh was: the theme of an inspiring address it Mrs. J. R. Marshall, president of the Toronto Council of Women, to the Hamilton Women’s Civic Club last week. Mrs. Marshall gave a broad survey of the urgencies that have arisen in Canada since the outbreak of the war and the fundamental problems which remain to be dealt with and which demand the intelligent thought ami unselfish contribution of responsible women.
CITES PROBLEMS
Canadian women were not, she thought, to be called upon to do spectacular things In the war. Bur they had much to do at home.
Mrs, Marshall cited the problems of Canada with which women must concern themselves. They included training of youth, housing, nutrition, public health and hospitalize tion and leisure time occupation.
/
2%
L
/
l
Forethought and Care Now Will Pay Dividends
/
was
A little forethought and preparation will assure a more tranquil enjoyment of the season ahead, writes Donna Grace, beauty editor. It will not be so long before we will be out in the sun. either on the golf course or on the beaches.
The hair like the rest of the body, needs nourishment to preserve its vigor aud beauty-A good method is to comb the hair thoroughly, then place the hands at the hack of the neck, and with a pulling-up strike, draw the hands up over the crown. With the lingers spread in this way, push the scalp from side to side.
DO THOROUGH BRUSHING Repeat this several times aud finish with circular manipulations around the head at the edge of the hairline. The circular manipulations are done with the first three fing-of each hand pressed close to

add butter aud
m
do you
CREAMED EGGS AND MUSHROOMS
2 tablespoons chopped green pepper
1	cup sliced mushrooms 4 tablespoons bitter
4	tablespoons flour
2	cups milk
2	tablespoons chopped pimento 6 hard cooked eggs
salt, pepper and paprika Cook mushrooms and green pepper in butter for five minutes. Blend in flour and gradually add milk. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens. Cook 3 min uies. Add pimento aud eggs chopped or cut in uniform pieces. Serve on buttered toast or freshly made biscuits buttered. Some prefer not to use the pimentp aud pepper.
CREAMED EGGS ON TOAST
6 eggs
5	tablespoons butter 1 and one-third cup milk
dash salt and pepper
6	slices of breakfast baco.i cooked very crisp.
Beat eggs slightly, add butter, seasonings and milk. Cook in double boiler. Stir constantly and as mixture begins to coagulate, stir } very thoroughly and rôhiove frott heat. Have bacon cooked and chopped; add to egg mixture, stirring. Serve on buttered toast. SprinkU-with a little paprika.
DATE CUSTARD PIE
Two-thirds cup chopped dale* iupa milk
3	eggs
U teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon va nil wing
Cook dales, which Uu\e Utcu very
LU
m
M
Then floating la space above her, Mark's voice, "For God's sake. Hilda, don't go hysterical on me . . . Help me cut this fool shirt of hers off . . . Thank heaven it isn't her collarbone, anyhow . . . Walt a minute — here it is! Now, we'll just get this over with before she — "
Wrenching pain in her shoulder - - someone screaming sharply — a brief oblivion. Then she was sitting up, her cheek resting against ougli, warm surface that smelled
faintly of tobacco.
For an instant Mark's face swam in a cloud above her, white and absurdly distorted as It said, "Give the wide tape from my bag. Hilda."
Constance giggled, and made to her what at that moment was the most reasonable and interesting observation In the world: "Darling, you do look so funny upside-down . . . Ouch!" and shut her eyes, feeling faint, because someone was doing something to her shoulder once again, and it hurt.
Mark’s voice said with a laugh that was not quite steady, ' Sb»'« reacting quite normally. At least

» f ’
5 » *


'Mi
i
i

• -*
324-2
SIZES I * G
• •
a l
just
era
By LOUISE LENNOX
Gems now held by dealers in the West End of London are valued at $120.000.000.
the head.
A thorough brushing several times a week will help lo keep the scalp loose and healthy. The circular ccrubbing strokes beginning at the back of the neck aud working upward are best for this.
Pockets like ice-cream cones will be the pride and joy of some little girl. Checked gingham with collar, cuffs and pockets as white as birthday cake icing give it that added zest. For dress up, dotted or flowered dimity is sweet and pretty. Trim the collar with ruffling. Panties are also included in the pattern so that you can make
them tp match.	A wedding ring, lost two years
Style No. 3242 is designed for j ago by a Danish packer, has been
fo ind by a woman in an imported it Richmond, \ ivginia.
me
bee u ill * e I've
TIRED FEET
got a difficult—’’
"You've got worse titan that lying ahead uf you — God help you!
now

*4

— if you're going lo marry a — w hat are you laughing about?”
"Oh, nothing," Constance told him, "except. ~ 1 was just wondei> Lng if I'm go i u g to have to break n*y neck eveay time I want a few minutes jilone with you."
Golden Sausage

*r
Je. CÏ

•9
ê
1
i
sizes 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 years. Sise ' 4 requires 1 yards of 35 inch material, with H yard of contrast- ! ing for collar, sleeve bands and j pockets.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS (I5v), (Coin is préfet red) for PA T TKRX to Louise Lennox, 73 Wot Adelaide S\, Toronto. Write pint -lv YOU12 NAME. ADDRESS an l STYLE NUMBED. UK SURE To STATE SIZE YOU WISH.
f
à
sans:.go
(The End)
II
FOR WOMEN ONLY!
CJumleelen Çf^j
Slow Burning
:i#
Batemans, the home of Rudyard Kipling, at Burwash, Eng., for many years, has been left to the National Trust for the nation by Mrs. Kipling. The porch bears the dite 1684, and the house was little changed by the bard
him and dim-"irregular
If fidgety nerves, reetleae nig treat from female functional itiee' keep you from having fun in life— take Lydia E. Pinkham'e Vegetable Compound. made «specially to help much rua-k, ailing women. Try it!
«ee
CIGARETTE PAPERS
f I
l
ISSUE NO. 18—’40
pecftftâ
pppo
DOUBLE *mtÿc
d
B
t
ÉT
f mhe

###PAGE###8###
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Rome’s Water Clock
One of the world's strangest clocks stands in the Villa Borghese, Rome's largest municipal park. It is ope i at ed by means of water power The water drops from a fountain and is caught into a series of descending cups providing the motive power feu the mechanism. The clock has beer operating for over a hundred veer and has kept perfect time.
Step Out jn Style
Roy 6. fraser
Gift», Novelties
Flowers,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
71
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.
Phone 160

Write for
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
A
In Memoriam
1
Phone. 278
In loving memory of a dear twin sister, Mrs. R. J. .Connelly, who passed away May 6th, 1938.
We miss you a thousand times,
Along lifes weary way,
For life is not the same to me,	|
Since you were called away.
Your smiling face I see it yet,
And I who loved you will never forget, I To be with you in the same old way, ;
Would be my dearest wish today. 1 To your beautiful life came a sudden end I And you died, as you lived, every* I one’s friend.
Lovingly remembered by
Ida, (Mrs. A. H. Hamel) Montreal, Que.
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.95 and
up
us collect $5.00 or over phone us collect

/

and we shall prepay
New Suits-------Popular Single and Double
Breasted Styles, New Patterns. All with
$19.50 to $27.50
t
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
Spring Tonics
2 trousers. Priced
Forsyth make. Famous for
>
Mens Shirts
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
GUTTV'oERCHA
I Ht STAN "w Q. QUALITY
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine Burdock Blood Bitters Iroiiized Yeast Tanlac
$1.65 to $2.00
coloured. Priced from
ITorris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 4Ô
Wilson’s Garage

Mr. P. L. McClelland Dies At Moose Jaw, Sask.
The Same Reliable Service
Percy Lome McClelland, son of Mrs. McClelland and the late Mr. James McClelland, of Moose Jaw, Sask., passed away at Providence H Jaw, in his 00th year.
McClelland was born in Owen Sound, Ont. His wife, the former Miss Sarah Emily Rooney, of Greermount, Que , predeceased him on March 20th, ot this He went to Saskatchewan at the age of two and resided at Moose Jaw. Of late years lie has lived at Mawer, Sask.
These left to mourn his loss are, six sons and five daughters : Cecil, of Regina ; 'Earl, of Milestone ; Melvin and Harold, of Lawson ; Fred and Norman, and Mrs. Fred Gillespie, of Mawer ; Mrs. Gordon Marks, Regina ; Mrs Bert tilings* worth, Tugaski ; Mrs, Clifford Gillespie, Grand Valley ; Miss Pauline, of Mawer, and fourteen grandchildren. Two brothers ami three sisters and his aged mother The funeral services were held at Moose Jaw, with Rev. Mr. Me-
i i.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

on April 0th, ospital, Moose


\0?
And many other notable
Spring remedies
Mi
Civilian Defence Corps
Spring Stallion Show Friday, May 10th
The annual Spring Stallion Show, under the auspices ot Pontiac Agiicultural Society, No. 1, will be held at the Exhibition grounds, Shawville, on Friday afternoon, May 10th. Stallions to be in the show ring on the grounds for observation from 2 to 3 p in. Mr. G. W Muir, Dominion Animal Husbandman. Ottawa, and well known in this district will speak
‘‘Horse Breeding” at 3 o clock.
Ford Service
Through the close collaboration of provincial governments with Department of National Health, in Ottawa, civilian defence corps in the seaboard provinces of Canada have reached a high degree of organization to meet any wartime emergency arising from enemy raids, sabotage, fire or an explosion in vital ports. Halifax has a trained corps of 400 civilian workers and 200 air raid wardens, trained by the St. John Ambulance As
Similar organizations exist in Sydney, St. John, Quebec, Vancouver. Victoria, Nanaimo and Prince Rupert.
77
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
’V'
year.
Z
THE CORNER STORE
J. P. Wilson
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
l

»
on
sociation
Muskrat Skins
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted Highest market prices paid
N. R. HORNER, Shawville, Que.
Burial was
Deriuott officiating made in the family plot in Mouse Jaw cemetery. Pallbearers were the deceased’s sons.
A large number of floral tributes were received.
War Boosts Printing
Seven months of war have made the government printing bureau one of the busiest places in Ottawa, Production has increased oO per cent, in the past seven months and the bureau has handled 3,900 more iobs in that time than in the previous corresponding period.
Norwegians Organize
Throughout Canada Norwegians and Canadians of Norwegian descent are organizing themselves into war welfare groups to bring relief to their stricken countrymen overseas. Many of them were already actively concerned with war work, but all are now redoubling their efforts so that some measure of comfort can be brought refugees of the Nazi invasion of Norway.
Clarendon Council
Phone 43
Shawville, May 6, 1940
Clarendon Council met nn tb* above date. Present
Councillors' Sunrt. Hanna,
Whelen and Macfarlane.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Crs Smart and Grant.
Complaints were laid before the Board that there was a stoppage of water in a drain on Lot 17b, Range 3, which is a detriment to the road at that point and also adjoining property. The Secretary was instructed to notify Mr. George Brown, to open this drain within one week from the date of this notice, otherwise it will be opened» at his expense. Any more tile needed for this drain will "he supplied by the Council.
A letter was read from the Coulonge Board of Trade asking this Council to endorse a request from this Board of Trade to the Department of Roads, to complete the surfacing of Highway No. 8, from Aylmer to Chapeau. This was endorsed on motion of Crs. Hanna and Macfarlane.
The following bills were presented for approval.
Shawville Milling Co.
W. A. Hodgins Store ..
Est. C. J. Caldwell... .
Clifford Fulford ......
E. H. Armstrong, cedars J. E. Palmer,
Kenneth Pine...........
El wood Brownlee.......
Motion—Crs Whelen and Grant— that these bills be paid.—Carried.
Mr. John Bennett appeared re. parcel •of land purchased by this Council around a bog on Lots 23 and 24, Range 13, a Process Verbal was drawn up and signed by Mr. Bennett and Mayor Barr and witnessed by Civ L. A. Smart. Mr. Bennett was paid the full purchase price of sixty dollars ($60.00).
Motion—Crs Hanna and Whelen, to adjourn.—Carried.
Mnynr Wm Barr and
Grant,
QUAKER FLOUR &
FEED
This advertisement is not just an ordinary price list, but a list of outstanding Money Saving’ Values For You. So be sure to take
advantage of todays attractive prices and remember, too, when you buy Quaker Products you* get the best.
Elaborate Equipment Depots
Some conception of the requite-ments of a Training Command ’ nient depot, such us is being
equipment depot, sucu established under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, is provided by the fact that many as jÊMggÊggggMËMÊË
fifteen store bmldmgs-50 feet by 120 feet-will be erected in Winnipeg, together with three for storage of inflammable materials-.




\\WV
Quaker
>FUL0PEP\
ti
Xx\x\N
\\
Quaker ^
FhL0PEp\
.... I X

n
WJkRs
$14 50 14 50 23 90
#

s>
K
GROWING mash
1 50

f>s
BRISTOL NEWS
19 50 38 89
v
S
H

1 50 6 75
V
"i
Ladies' Auxilary Meeting The April meeting of the Ladies' Auxiliary of St. Edward’s Parish was held at the home ot Mrs Andrew Dumas. Miss Margaret McCaffrey and Mrs. Louise O Con-
hostesses.
Seven members and twelve visitors
were present WêêÈÊÊÊÊÊÊ The vice-president Mrs. Hannaberry was in charge, the absence of the secretary acting secretary was Mrs. Thomas Martin. The sale of several articles of knitting and sewing was report
MOULÉE
r+zz? \
CANADA**100" \
<
S
\

XxxxxN
••ta.

'


\
(

(
nor were assisting
AJAX
MOULEE
FUL-O-PEP
CHICK
STARTER
$3.00
FUL-O-PEP
GROWING
MASH
QUAKER CALF MEAL
FUL-O-PEP
DEVELOPER
B
In
the
25 lbs
$1.40
$250
$2.75
89 cts
John A. Dean, Sec-Treas
ed
The hostess was assisted in serving refreshments by Miss Lena
Doherty and Mrs. F. McKee. -In the evening muric and cards
Frizes at the card
FUL-O-PEP
SCRATCH GRAINS ..
FUL-0 PEP
FINE CHICK FEEDS
J . 3R>n%
FUL-OPEP TURKEY STARTER
foukm.
$2.15
were enjoyed tables were won by Mrs. Louise O’Connor and Miss / Martin.
The May meeting will be held at the home of Mrs. Peter Dumas.
Mr. and Mrs. Rielly Hod g ins and family of Cornwall, spent the week-end with Mrs. Uodgins
and Mrs. Murray
$1.50
FUL-O-PEP T7JKKET SIAKTER

iVory Is
FUL-O-PEP TURKEY GROWER
WJ

$2.15
$2.90

“".00 i.l
$1.60
IVORY FLOUR
IVORY FLOUR 98 lbs.
$3.00
parents, Mi Smith
Mr. Merlin McKeelHH I employed at the Sturgeon Rivei Gold Mines for the winter month-, has returned to his home in McKee.
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
who wn-i
ORDER TODAY !
Mr. and Mrs. Win. Twolan and family of Ottawa, spent Sunday with Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Trudeau.
Mrs Fa ni Marchand, of Ottawa.
week end the guest of
C. H. MacLEAN
Snow guards, small irons that are ed to the roof, often serve the
spent the	m ¦
her mother Mrs. i utcr Dwtnas. seeded to me rooi, onen serve
MiFS Beatrice Martin has return double duty of being ornamental ed to her home in McKee after well as preventing property damage having spent the pari few weeks from falling snow Most snow guards with her sister, Mrs IL L Roy, at are easily applied and can béé Bourlamaque, Que.	on either melal or slate roof* * On
Miss Muriel Russett, of Ottawa, imetal roofs the irons are riveted to spent the week-end at the home of the sheathing. Those used on slate her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon roofs are riveted on iron plates Ru«?ett,	which go under the slate. Installa-
Mrs. W. J. Sheppard of Shaw- tion of snow guards is one of many
few days of last small improvements which protect
the home during the winter months.
Quebec
Shawville,
as
Call in person or Telephone
111 Shawville
SEEDS
FLOUR - FEED

Courteous Service Always
,
>
>
ville, spent a ; week visiting friends in McKee
i

>

