###PAGE###1###

191.BO per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United • ta tee
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1939
No 33, 56th Yiab
BORN
Cowling
Shawville Senior Team
I ISf=sS
EMSlIWsSlI iHiSi
were Langford 2, Red Dû le, fl. Dale and Young, while for Campbell’» flay point» were secured by Rennick and Letts.
The teams were ;
Campbell*» flay—Goal, Rouleau ; defence, D. Johnston. Proudfoot ; forwards, Letts, Heaphy and Rennick. flubs, Ranger, Doyle, Loken, R Johnston, liaurahan, Smith and Bowie.
Shawville—Goal, Hayes; defence, L Dale and Hyndman ; forwards. Red Dale, II. Dale and Ling ford. Subs, Clements, Young, Elliott, Judd and Gibson.
Referees, A. Newton and Chas. Bolam.
Shawville Hardware
Business College
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
Bush Supplies
Omission—In the report of the | n daughter, annua? Meeting of Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. I, published last week, the name of J. W. Hor-, one of the vive presidents, was inadvertently omitted.
I
Axes
PERSONAL MENTION
net*
Mins Effie Wilson «pent the week . end at her parental home In Yank On Monday evening, Feb y 13th, leek Hill, Ont
here and as* all those wishing to join to be present.
Community Dance — A mixed b^ter, Mrs. W. J. Eadee.
dance will be held in the Theatre Mrs. Harold Chant, of Toronto, Hall on Friday evening, February it visiting at the home of her par-10th. The Herb, Lindsay, Harvey | ents, Mr. and Mrs. VV. J. Bade». comblnatidS will fura&alk with assisting artists. Admission, single, 35. Refreshments.
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooke
W. I. COWLIffC, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
Mrs. A E Richardson, of Ottawa, was a week end guest of her
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
8HAWVILLE, QUE.
Oefice — In the G. F. Horigins Building Main Street, Que.
Mrs. Jus. Sparling, of Campbells Bay, is visiting at the home of her son, Mr. Allan Spa:ling, in
Bristol Cives Quyon First Set-back
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbells Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
The Shawville Hranch of the | town
O. G. I T.
enttne Tea M	(¦¦¦	_ ..
United Church on Tuesday. Feb'y 14th. Tea served from 4.30 to 7.80
a Va I-of the
purpose holding in the basement
Mrs. Thus. Bradley, of Eardley, is visiting at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Lem Hudgins, in
p. m. Admission, 25 cents	£ r% L	^
welcome to come and help this Miss Amy Dahms left Monday young group along.	for Sorel, Que , where she will
Slmwville Women’s Institute will	th°	°f
meet at the home of Mrs. Ü ^	^	^
Wilson on Monday evening, Feb’y Mrs. Robfc Glasper, of Ottawa. 13th, at 7 30 o’clock. Program : has been visiting at the home of Address by Rev. A F. Fokes. on her parents Mr. and Mrs, M. R ' Current Events.” Roll call— I McGuire, Mm relis.
Quyon intermediates received their tirât setback in the intermediate league on Wednesday night when Bristol took them lor a loss of 5 to 2 J. Trudeau and M Le pine scored for Quyon, and Black with two, E. Roy,L Langford and Hanna one each for Bristol. .
Quyon—Goal, Coyle ; defence, E. Campbell and J. Trudeau ; centre, D. Boland ; wings, E Trudeau and R. Bronson ; sub*, M. Legine. L Boyer, Haonaway, and Quigg, Bristol—Goal, M. Russell ; defence, C. Roy and L Smiley : centre Langford ; wing», Riley and Black; sub*, E. Roy, K. Hanna, B.>Hanna d B Findlay,
B. Thompson and J. Pritchard were in charge of the game *
Est. C. J. Caldwell
are
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL.B , C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street .
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e *ery Friday evening.
Hull, Que.
esses. Mrs. A. D. McCredie and Mrs. Edgar Hodgins.
DRESSES ON SALE
Miss Elaine McDowell, accompanied by Miss Mayfred Horner, spent the week with her sister»,
Mrs. Olmsted and Mrs. Phillips, in Aylmer and Ottawa.
Mr. Herbert Wick en a, of Me-Credie’a Garage, was in Toronto m,	tir I .	,	.	_	»	last week attending an extensive
The	Womans	Association	of	of automotive parts and ;	e * *	^ J ™
Starks Corners Lotted Church accessories at the Royal York (Shawville Intermediates
met In church hall on lhursday. u t *
Feb 2nd, with twelve members	I ¦!
and seven visitors present.	Mr. and Mrs. James Donahue, ot
üa“iB
t ffe?v"iSrf G&." MrV'TKH Mra Robt HobUHanor.d	*ot
Hodgm. read the «eripture «m m.bjt friends and relatives ex- The teams were :
%%	,*7$B Kteaxrs
h Benediction”
after which refreshments were O. A Howard’» Farm Residence ^ Fort Coulonge defeated Cauip-served by Mrs. John Draper, Mrs. Badly Damaged by Fire	bell's Bay in an overtime game at
T. C. Elliott, Mrs. John McGrath	—“*	Campbell's Bay on Friday night
and Mrs. Wesley Palmer.	The residence at Elmhurst Farm, by 0—5. The game is said to be
The next meeting will be held in Portage du Fort, owned and open micjer protest.
the ball Thursday, March 2nd. a ted by G. A. Howard & Sons, was	____
with Mrs. Jesfie Stark and Mrs. seriously damaged by tire on Sun-
Leslie Dean as hostesses.	day evening last. The fire started Local Poultry Association
in the attic from a defective chira- Has Successful Season ney and a large whole was burned
in the roof before the blaze was Shawville branch of the Eastern Telephone Company	brought under control.	Ontario Egg and Poultry Ass n
--	The volunteer tire-fighters, who report a prosperous eight months’
The annual meeting of Pontiac hastened to the scene from the activity since organization last Rural Telephone Company was surrounding district, were greatly May. During that time there has held on Monday afternoon of last aided by the large quantity of been nJiippnd from here by the week with the president, Thomas water stored in two tanks in the association 10.020 dozen eggs that Eades, in the chair.	attic and basement. Only for this brought in cash to the producers
The secretary, Heman Elliott, and the persistent efforts of the of 12,147 88 and 21,458 lbs of reported receipts of $13,540, an in- workers it is safe to say that the dressed poultry valued at $3,205 crease of $1,700. During the year building would have been totally Twelve diiectors were elected to $2.500 was spent in new construe destroyed	conduct the business for the year,
tion work, a large part of the ini- Mr Howard estimated the loss, with president, R. J. Tracy, with provement being the removal the greater part of which was Bertal Stark, a* secretary, of lines on main struct of 81iaw- caused by water, at $1200. or ville to cables on other streets. The loss is covered by insurance.
The total assets of the company	-------—
were given	W1,th«m St. Andrews W M S Bold
"tirplne over liabilities of 819,061. intereeting Meeting There are 50a phones ou the system	" ~
The officers are :	President, Xhe W. M. 9 of St. Andrews	M| Qf
Thomas Eades ; vice president, R United Church. Bristol, held their	OTain^t
J. Tracey; secretary-treasurer, reglllHr monthly meeting at the H. E Elliott ; directors, S. W. Manse, on Wednesday, Feb y 1st MacKechme, Andrew Sly, Dr. S. E. Niue |adie9 were present and the McDowell. Robt Sheppard, H. president Mrs. W. J. Murray, pre-Beattie, T. C. Elliott and Roy #jdede The meeting opened by Macfarlane.	singing the hymn “Lord of the
Lands” followed by responsive reading, “Our Lord’s Summary of the Law.1 Mrs. Murray led in
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B,.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
an
Starks Corners Woman’s Association
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Defeat Bristol 2-!

Almost our entire stock of dresses ' on sale, one special price
We must move out our old stock to make room for
the spring arrival
Dp. R. E. DAG G
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.

»

the
PLATEAU 6311
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West - MONTREAL, QUE.
I
BELAIS 3267

D. J. CAMPBELL
\
Sc
\J
T.
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone 81.
k\

Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Values up to
$6.95
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work io Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
“ sraax awjsfsw?**
JAMES A. MILLAR
LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
(
Té\
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
8 A
• #
On Sale at
Hull, Que. Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Specialist
I	MEDICAL ART# lUILDINO
•f
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’* Hotel, Campbell’sBay, every Wednesday morning.
ISO METCALFE STREET,

ONT.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 1-7861
$2.49
w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
District of ysaatlehe
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Beaehbnrf Flour Mill Destroyed by Fire
R, MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
I —I	_ PT?e Bible reading was taken by
A big low was occasioned at Miss 8. Campbell, Mrs. Sales and	eTBCCT
Beach burg on Thursday pf last Mrs. M. Stewart. Mr». H. Walsh | *** ***** 9THEET, week when fire destroyed the well- reftd the “Ten Commandments of known Weed mark flour and grist Good Will” aa suggested by Dr.
mill. The loss is heavy as the vVâfltei Van Kirk.	e	At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay,
flo'ir "InilUn* ''nfchinery^and *». iv hnt intdt— * U.n'.df.n ^’-U w.a every Tuesday from too to 4 30 p.m. Gordon T. Paul
S'tir STtaSrSfSX &ÏÏ	"nd 11 p“““ H—	IM S II R A M ÜE
ago. Since then it had been used The roll call was answered by Tuesday from 6.00 to 8.00 p.m.	IllUUnnn Vlas a seed-cleaning and gristing one giving one of our Lord *__________ —
plant. A brand new Hammer mill parlée. Mrs. H, G. Yonng read -------------- REPRESENTING OMPAMES
had just been installed recently, the chapter “Making Canada	____ __	_.
SShiSS» SSS37 "d	CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE Strong
hr- « SZf,rbprbsrntinq
ar-Z ;„K.dmA'U &	MUTUÀI UFt AtSUM.CE c.	Dep^mîJ..	'
teen years ago it was purchased by The next meeting will be held on	nt piusnA	gfl#
, W. F. YVeedmark and since March 1st, in the Manse, when all	>
K.ftXfe1"p,r*t,d ' ;;;1'^lro0.riZ.h,,d“","""lon —	r, «.«m., »«.

HULL, QUEBEC


/

W. A. Hodgins, LVd
Quebec
Shawville
Mr
SHAWVILLE - QUE

1



###PAGE###2###
Nazis Inspired
By Columbus
Garden Of Eden May Grow Apples
Daring Flyer Returns With Russian Bride
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Eedy
n

t
Propaganda Minister Ooebba^ In an exposition of German -a® Italian contributions to world 3 arses this week reminded •» away living observers who Ins# and criticise authoritarian stats? that "America was discovered by an Italian.”
Goebbels spoke before a concert Inaugurating closer redlo coopéra* tton with Fascist Italy—th# “Home-Berlin radio axis** as he put It.
Goebbels said “the world of today Is not Imaginable" without German-Italian accomplishments.
“Not Imaginable*' Without Them
•'Books and newspapers can be printed because Gutenberg Invented the art of printing. The wireless for all time Is connected with the name of the Italian, Marconi The first combustion Z2fnT* were made by the Germans, Bene and Daimler/* he summarised.
“The old and new world have taken possession of these accomplishments and benefit therefrom.**
New Hope For Arid Eastern Lend It Seen In The Giant Reservoir Being Build In Iraq By British Engineers.
?


EXCEPT MONEY
A farmer’s wife, after looking over a new recipe book, sxpr the opinion that it is possible to make almost anything out of eggs,
Moncton Trsn-
ESCAPE: It’s next to impossible for a German to get out of Germany with enough marks In hi» pocket to start a new home In another country. He’s allowed te carry abroad Just enough money for a good holiday, no more.
Now comes to our cars the story of a clever man who outwitted the agents of Hitler and escaped from German) forever, taking all Ms money with him. How did he do i‘tf He sold hie properties, pufr chased bonds (negotiable in Great Britain) with the proceeds, made ft record of the numbers of the bonds, then took a holiday trip to England. In London he contacted a firm of bond dealers, told them his story. The firm asked for a duplicate record of the numbers of tbs bonds, sent a lawyer back into Germany with our clever man. The numbers checked, our friend lit a match to the bonds in the presence of the lawyer who later certified that they had been destroyed by fire. Over in England again, the triumphant fugitive was reimbursed ii\ the total amount of the bonds. And life began anew.
— o—

w
Women and men may pick applet once more In the Garden of Eden when water flows into the arid country from a giant reservoir built by British engineers.
The Kut Dam irrigation project, designed to bring under cultivation a great tract of land between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, traditional site of the land from which Adam and Eve were expelled, wee completed New Year's eve.
Dem Across Tigris A 1,600-foot dam across the Tigris will send water down s 1% rails canal Into the Shattsl-Gharraf river at all seasons of the year. la addition locks will permit vessels to voyage along the Tigris between Baghdad and Basrah.
Work on the project was started In December, 1934, with construction of workers' camps and actual building of the dam and reservoir begun In June, 1935. As many as 2.500 Arabs and Kurds labored day and night removing 1,600.000 cubic yards of soil from the reservoir and placing more than 250.000 cubic yards of concrete In the giant forma that shaped the dam.
In 1936 the highest flood ever known In the Tigris delayed work. Laborers worked under conditions varying from freezing in winter to 125 degrees In the shade In midsummer.

m
except money script.
ms
fj


TRY THE RURAL AREAS A Toronto woman has written tg Vancouver for a husband. The situation in Toronto probably Is ?ha earns as in Guelph—ths dear lady has found out all ths nice men are already married.—Guelph Mercury.
&

*
AND THE DOUGH’S ALL SPENT
As the public accounts of Ontario are not distributed untU Legislature meets, and it will semble late this year, the accoun will be
one but members of the Cabinet see them.—Wodetock Sentinel-Review.
the
1
11 months old before any-
DRIVERS WHO FALL ASLEEP It may be surprising to learn that drivers who fall asleep at the wheel are the cause of more than 70,000 automobile accidents annually. It pays to have all senses alert when in charge of a motor car.—Chatham News.
Sets World Record With Model Plane
6
John T. Dilly Gait, model aeroplane designer and builder, has been advised he broke a world’s record for model planes. At the Canadian championships in Toronto last September his outdoor stick model stayed aloft four minutes and twenty-two seconda. He lopped sixteen seconds off the world’s mark. The Federation Aeronautique International of Paris has now recognized this as an official world's record.
V Canadian
GREEN LIGHT
judge recently ruled that a pedestrian who starts to cross the street when the light is green has the right of way till he gets to the other side, regardless of whether the light changes to red In meantime or not. That's one to remotorists. But if pedes-
m +* ¦
*• y;


%
BETTER LOOKED AFTER .
A very potent fact which restrains emigrants from leaving Greet Britain to risk ventures in the Dominions is the social security measure in effect over there. Unemployment insurance and old ago pensions are the main benefits which are not offered in all British Dominions
6

M
?
the
«MME
*

»
mem be
trians stand too rigidly by their rights In the matter, they are likely to run into trouble
i •
x If
Hundreds in Berlin wore waste-paper baskets over their heads on “Pedestrians’ Day” to draw attention to the carelessness that often leads to fatal accidents.

"A
or bo ran
Back on British soil following a daring flight into Russia to bring horns his wife from whom lie had been separated for four years, Brian Grover is pictured here with Mrs. Grover is they reached London. Grover made headlines a few weeks ago by making an unauthoized trip to the Soviet in a dilapidated old plane. He was detained for six weeks and after paying a fine was allowed to leave the country accompanied by him wife, born a Russian for the government of Russia
Brandon Sun
Into
SPORT AND CRIME
Juvenile crime in Lethbridge has diminished perceptibly. This year there have been only 20 juveniles in court so far as against 53 last year. This, we have no hesitation in saying is greatly due to the encouragement given boya by the facilities provided by community playgrounds and skating rinks and the interest taken in junior Hockey Association, the executive of which is composed of adults.— Lethbridge Herald.
ha va
FREEDOM'S A GIFT
taken the veil for democracy" last week declared former Czech Ambassador to Great Britain. Jan Masai vk. son of Czechoslovakia's foun-Sad but not bitter at the fate of his beloved country, he has come to this continent to do his part in what is left of democracy in
He Is devoting
^ ¦
Grover met his wife while doing scientific work
ROLL YOUR OWN BETTER CIGARETTES


8
der
Owls Creep Up On Their Prey
Completed March 31
Most of the projects are under war. All must be completed by March 31 under the terme of two agreements with the Federal Government covering winter relief work up to that date.
Clearing and grading. Involving the elimination of hills and curves, constitute the chief works under the agreements with the Federal Government. An advantage of doing this work in the winter la t^at cleared brush can be burned without danger of causing forest flree. No permanent surfaces will be laid In the winter months.
Clearing And Grading
The Highways Depart meut estimated that upwards of 100 miles of the Trans-Canada Highway between North Ray and the Soo la ready for permanent surfacing any time, a first class roadbed having been laid. No decision baa been made on whether any paving Is to be done this year, it was stated.

saving
the world today the rest of his life to serving the
Once the Bird’s Talons Have Fastened On Its Victim There Is Small Chance of Escape.
cause of freedom.
Addressing a Toronto audience
he said
gave the world now is to make people understand that freedom is a great gift. We must do everything we can to preserve It."


The only thing that can
Nonagenarians
w
Owls slip up on their prey on silent wings—the feathers being fringed with down to render them noiseless. Once the bird*;: strong talons have secured a grip on an animal's flesh, the creature seldom escapes.
Birds are able to see at least 100 times as well as can human beings—yet they cannot sec the color blue.
Half the weight of a bird consists of the muscles that move the
wings.
For 24 years, C. G. Gabb has been keeping a record of the death notices published daily in The London Times. During that period, reports Gabb, 9,781 persona passed 90 before dying—and most of the nonagenarians were married women. The year 1938, when 489 persons over 90 died, was typical of that total:	154 were
men and 335 were women, 213 of them married.
X
»
FALLEN AMONG THIEVES: We
expressed the opinion las! week that France is certainly In for it. That stronghold of liberty and democracy on the continent of Europe is gradually being encircled by a ring of thieves and blackmailers. The day will soon arrive when her position is intolerable.
At the moment, France is reported to have agreed to do nothing to prevent a Fascist victory in Spain —in exchange for a German promise to dissuade Italy from taking slices of France's African empire. What a promise and what a bargain!
Czechoslovakia first. France next will be sold down the river. But she will have helped to sell herself.
Fl
»


By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Consume Small Creatures
As many as 3,000 skulls of mice, rats and gophers have been found underneath the nests of barn owls. These birds consume •mall creatures in their entirety, l|t#r coughing up the bones and
Chemical experts assure the British Government that if the worst came to the worst the people could be fed on tablets which would provide everything necessary except bread and water.


I
You Can Sleep On Either Side
\
x
fur
Of all living creatures, birds possess most active respiration and require the most oxygen. The reason is that the air they inhale is sent from their lungs into pockets surrounding their internal organs, and even into the inside of some of their bones.
/
Deer Leaps Into Office By Window
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: Wbat
does the Federal Government's new relief program involve! Answej;: Starting April 1 the Dominion will pay 40 per cent, of direct relief payments (instead of 30 per cent). Each province will be required to pay at least an equal 40 per cent., and the balance will be paid by the municipalities. Under the proposed agreements the Dominion Government will provide for a sharing of the cost of aid given to transients on a 50-50 basis with the provinces. On the strength of the program newly announced, Canadian cities have already started feeding the Jobless single within their gates.
It was Jong held that righthanded people generally sleep on their right side, while left-handed people go to sleep on the left side.
Careful experiments which have been carried out recently show that this is not really the case. When 150 right-handed persona were examined it was found that there was no great preference for . .	_	nil *l**Pinc on one side or the other,
Northern Roads although in the case of left-handed
people the majority preferred the left side.
When, in the course of experiments, sleepers were asked to go to re~t so many nights on their habitual side, it was found that they got to sleep more easily when on their normal side than when they were in the unusual position.
The doctors, therefore, feel that people, whether they be grown-ups or boys or girls, should make a practice of sleeping on the side which they usually favor.
Police of London, Ont., were called at 4.30 one morning last week to arrest a new kind of burglar, a 125-pound deer that leaped through the office window of the Leonard Foundry, when startled by early morning noises.
“We received a call from the night watchman about 4 o’clock, and he said, ’You may not believe it, but a deer just jumped through the window of the office,
Last
and Charles Shipley were despatched with the black maria to remove the frightened deer from its new found sanctuary. It required four men to capture it and place it in the police transport, in which it was taken to Pond Mills and released.
/


ii
Three Millions

Being Spent On
r
Q
Ottawa Is Paying Half the Cost Of Work On Northern Ontario Highways This Winter —Trans-Canada Links.
stated Sergeant Percy P.C.’s W. Clipperton
11»
i
Three million dollars Is being spent this winter on Northern Ontario roads, chiefly on the TransCanada Highway from North Bay to Sault Ste. Marie and roads running north from it, Ontario Highways Department officials report.
Hitler’s New Study Thirty Yards Long
PtQao	-4 -7
>
Walls Are 32 Feet High in the German Fuehrer’s Office — No Pictures, Few Books
“Why dont'che take the striped one .	.	, It'll make you look taller.1
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
Nine pencils In different colors He on Adolf Hitler's lesk In his new Chancellery study, probably the largest study maintained by any ruler. There is also a large magnifying glass, indicating intensive study of maps. There are no pictures but the hooks for dally use Including Herr Hitler's own “Mein Kampf." Hans Frank’s “Book of German Law." directories of the Reichstag, government offices and youth groups, and — topmost — a volume on British aud German lines In the World War. The room is 83 by 45 feet and 32 fet high. At one end is a round table with chairs and sofa under a Lenbach portrait of Bismarck. The desk is at the other end. A bust of the late President Paul von Hlndenburg is In one cor-
j
i
(	*4
43*
K
>

y
- >
I
K

$
>
\

\
f

I
k
X
l\

r
1W)
1
l
)
J
I
L
J
i



\


9

1
fe ¦ %'
I- I
>A

I
This Guph woe really a clever rascal. and It seems a pity he was eo bad, for In good cause he might have accomplished much. He realised that he had put himself Into a dangerous position by coming to this dreadful mountain, but he also knew If he showed fear he wee lost, eo he adopted • hold manner ae hie host defense. The wisdom of this plan was soon evident, for the Phanfaem with the owl's head turned and led the way up the mown' tain.
"He will not punish me." returned Ouph. calmly, for 1 have come here to do him end hie people a rare favor. I<ead on and take me directly to your master.** The owl-man relied hie cluh with a threatening gesture. "If yen try to escape “ : a said, beware*—. hut here the General
The owl-man’s round eyes blinked fiercely upon the Intruder. "What are you doing here?** he demanded, shaking hie cluh. * the First and Foremost Phanfasm of Phsnfaatlco," replied the General. He did not like the way this creature looked at him. hut still was not 4h. you shall see him," the man said with a sneering laugh. "The First and Foremost shall d* cMs upon the beet way te punish
At the very top of the path with a level plain upon which were heaps of rock llint at first glance seemed solid, but on looking closer Guph recovered that there rock heaps were dwellings, for each had an opening, outside enL
among the dwellings to one standing In the centre. Outside the entrance the guide gave a low well that sounded like—* Lee-Ow-Ahl"
ner,
I've come to see
Mrs. Sarah Adcock, of Wooton, England. 105 years of age, took her first trip in an airplane a few weeks after her first ride in an setomobile and her first talk bn Ae telephone.
Not a person was to be setn the rovk hilts. All wes ell-The owl-man led the w#y
"Store
Interrupted threats." he
yo- r
and do not Le Impertinent. I will here you severely punished. Lead on end keep
Silent.
afraid
###PAGE###3###
X
Machine Picks Speech Errors
THAT REMINDS ME-
I CAN SAVE WITH OGDEN S
After this treat-
pnpcr to them.	¦
ment the paper will stick to fht
SHARP PAIRS SHOT THROUGH KNEES
*'?4
i •
i
have
How Gn '?
surface.

Everybody’ll Be
Crazy By 2139
OY ANNE ASH' EY
XrD
Records Faulty Enunciation Of All Sorts—May Be Useful In Education Of Deaf Mutes.

1
V
Woman Suffered 10 Years
“Since coming hero from England 10 yearn ago/' writes n married woman, “1 have suffered badly from rheumatic paina. 1 bought medicine, lotion*, liniment*, and have taken concoction* until 1 wh< tired spending my money. 1 beard of Kruschen Salt* so often, that 1 thought one day I'd try that. Bv this time my knees were frequently full of terrible pains. I bought » bottle of Kruschen. pn 1 look >i teaspoonful every morning. It had no effect. But my husband said ‘Persevere! (live it a chance to act/ Well. Ï did and before long my knees were nearly normal. 1 kept on, and believe me I am not like the same woman. Î walked four miles the other day and felt fine, whereas before Î could hardly walk across the floor.”—(Mrs.) K. A.
What more need he said about the relief that Kruschen Sails can bring to sufferers from the pains and stiffness of rheumatism.
a
Q.—I low tun I make bakln powder?
A.*- Mir. 12 miners of pure cream of tartar. 0 ounces of cornstarch, and fl ounces of baking soda. Sift each Ingredient mort 12 times before mi:;lng. Make It on a bright, dry day.
HE
People of This Certifient Have A Pad Case of the Jitters, Doctor Proclaims
This continent has such m bad case of the Jitters that there won t be a sane person around In 2139, David Beabury, New York psychologist and author said here. Speaking at Ford Hall Forum, Boston, last week, he cited statistics from the English Academy of Medicine to support this contention. He said almost as many people entered in-
WÊÊÊjÊÊÊÊÊÊtlÊÊÊKÊKÊ
colleges. “The U. 8. Is on the verge of a collapse," he said. ‘ We have a bad case of Jitters. The panic following the Orson Welles radio dra-and the fact that we spend • lot more time teaching college students how to raise hogs than how to raise children are evidences of Insanity. Lack of democracy In the home Is the main cause of Insanity. Any mother who says to a child, 'Mother knows best/ Is an autocrat."

Dr. Herbert Koepp-Baker, head of Pennsylvania State College’s speech clinic, has Invented a machine designed to record accurately "the mechanism of speech".
The device, which Dr. Koepp-Baker calls an ‘‘electrical phono-kineslgroph." or ‘‘sound-movement-writer," Is capable of tracing graphically the spasms of stutterers and stammerers and the faulty tongue movements of llspers, and Is said by the inventor to be "very useful in aiding deaf mutes In acquiring speech."
The machine consists of minute electrical contacts, wires the size of human hairs, current relaying vacuum tubes, a graphing device and a chronograph.
X
' a:
-
t
îr
i
A man bon «lit a parrot ami tried to teach If to talk, doing over to the bird, he repeated for several minutes the words, "Hello, hello."
At the end of the lesson the parrot opened one eye and answered drowsily, “Line's busy".
I
i
You, too. can save with this better cigarette tobacco and get fuller pleasure in roiling your own. Ogden's is tho first choice of experts who know how to pick an 'all-star' performer.
/
Q.—How,eau I protect the plaster when driving a tack into the wall?
A.—Before driving tho tack Into a plastered wall, push ti e tack Into a cake of ronp, nnd the plaster will seldom break or crack.
/
r'

Now Winter's Come, the frigid thing,
How far behind, pray tell, is Spring?
With all this sleet and slush and snow.
That's something we would like to know;
Of verdant Spring's too long delayed.
We're most decidedly afraid
(In fact we know without a doubt).
Our heavy undies won't hang out.
Q - How rail I Moo hiccoughs?
A.—Olio method Is to sit erect and Inflate the lungs fully; then, still retaining the breath, bend forward until the chest meets knees, and then after slowly rising again to an erect position, slowly exhale the breath. After repeating this exercise a second time, nerves will he found to have received an excess of energy, which will thus allow them to function properly.
asylums each year as entered
Smiihri.'—
Aik

i
For
Ogdrn't
f
the


r\
ma
the
0
Cou
'J*


After thrilling battles with ice, the ltusbian ship Kamchadal, which sailed from Leningrad in July, 1937, and was cut out of the Polar drift last summer by an icebreaker, arrived at Vladivostok recently.


our
Lollypopeyc

m
Move and sweeter Ice-cream is the British Navy's latest demand. Headquarters Nava! Canteen Committee are considering supplying a new and sweeter ice-cream to ships in port.
Q.—How can ! make wallpaper stick on whitewashed walls?
A.—Whitewashed walls should be washed thoroughly with strong vinegar before attempting to apply
Flying over the Bay of Naples, an air pilot turned to his passenger and said: "Have you heard that phrase, 'See Naples and Die’?” Yes." said the passenger.
“Well," said the pilot, "take a good look—the propeller’s come off."
OGDEN'S
A new floating dock for Durban, South Africa, Is on the way from England.
FINE CUT
When the corners of your eiderdown begin to look shabby put two cushion covers to tone, cut them through corner to corner,

Japan will make a wool substitute.
Three Die, Ten Saved, As Flying Boat Plunges Into Atlantic
1
i
A Scottish teacher set hit class writing an essay on Armistice, and one little girl pro-
“The Ar-

]
I
Classified Advertising
duced this sentence: mistlce was signed on 11th November, 1918, snd since then have had two minutes’ peace every year."
?
!
t
I
l

' TSfiS
6i;. , /ft
we
i
ta
not \ n t oit s w.s:
Il K II V UIICKH
r
0
BA KMT	HOI’ND.	1'I : RSI.STENT
$35.00. Write XV. O. Abbott,
Meeting the local doctor. Brown inquired:
“And how is the lawyer going on, doctor?”
“Poor fellow,” returned the medico, with a shake of his head, "he's lying at death’s door."
“There's grit for you.” commented Brown, still lying.”
CAVALIER
com pari; twkddlb quality
and Tueddie Prices before Imy your chirk*. If you value Quality an know we will g» t your * hi* k order. Tweddlo tirade A <'hicks Brown leghorn* White foghorns $10.to per hundred Pullets $22.00. Barred Rocks. New Hampshire*, White Rock.'*. Hybrids $11.00. Pullet* $l*.on. He ml for complete price list and catalogue on our three, grade* of « hicks, pullets and oock-Tweddle <'hick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
I nu kvr. good ntn> cr for particulars liar row. < »nt.
you ou do und Money we


or


r. us
• $
l.i: \lt N IIUItIMUiSMNO
I
.riser
V'
LKAR.N HAIRDRF.SSI NG UNDER fh- personal supervision of Mr. V. < *t ompton, prize winning hairdresser. Hook let « n request. School of Modern Hall dressing, 356 Vonge St.. Toronto.

eut





4 ?*
* 'if: <? -
m
at death’s door — and

ir


I I II *(I \ A I,
et els.
1

f
QUIT r< in ter* ». S.\T H\ EASILY, Inexpensively. Home Iteir.edy. Teetl-monlsi-*. Hu a ran teed. Ad vh e Free. Bartlett's, Box i. Winnipeg.
Death Is Like A Deep Sleep
9U'5 PULLETS FROM GOVKRX-ment Approved Breeders, Standard Quality Barred Rocks. New llamp-shins. White Rooks 116.95.	1>K-
horns $19.no. Catalogue and complete priée liht for all grades of chicks, pullets and cockerels, on request. Baden Electric chick Hatchery Limited, Baden. Ontario,
l
f 4:
Xi


IF YOB WANT AN AFFECTIONATE romantic sweet lies it, with money, write: Mary lye. 4 10*0. Holla. Missouri.
Î
Ji
m

H

i
,ti
iJl
Woman "Returns" From Other World—Says Death Resembles a Good, Long Nap.
* />
i
MAURY—WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hu mired* t*> « lioosu ftorn. Some with means. M ny farmers' daughters and Widows with property. Particulars 10c. confidential. Canadian Correspondence Club, Box 128. Calgary, Alta._____
04
C.B.'s 240 BRAY LIGHT Kf'KHEX -New Hampshire hybrids laid at G months. Average production — August 52 per cent., September 70 per cent., October 76 per cent. Order your flock of m<mey-m:tking Bray chicks today. Itrsy Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.


A 57-year-old Bronx woman who “came back from propped In an armchair at home last week and spoke of her strange experience as "just like a good, long nap—a deep, dreamless sleep."
The woman, Mrs. Bella Kutter-revived by her physician,

death" eat
i

M WITC ALB INVEST»! BATH
'



#,rX

, ».



U)An vui;r surplus funds on
Cuurnntrrd First Mortgages on Improved city homes at #1 and 7 per cent. Interest. Write us for full details. Mortgages purchased. Established Co years. A. M. Gretnaway & Co, 169 Yonge Street, Toronto.
•s.
F


^. J
Two passengers and one member of the crew of the 1 mpcrial Airways flying boat Cavalier were drowned when the giant ship was forced down at sea during its regular flight from Port Washington, N.Y., to Bermuda. The Cavalier, TOP, sank ten minutes after iced carbure tors in all four engines forced her down. Ten survivors of the fatal plunge were rescued, after spending 11 hours at the mercy of the sea, by the tanker Esso





PUT mu «TUCKS IN YOU It brooder now—get more big egg* next Fall when prices are highest. Order IIray Xtra-Proftt chicks (big chicks hatched from extra large eggs) today. Bray Hatchery, 13o John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.

*—
A*
man, was Dr. Maurice R. Goodwin, a graduate of the University of Graz, Austria, after she apparently had succumbed to after-effects of an
PATENTS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Rnntaay Gum-pa ny. Registered Patent Attorneys, 27.1 Hank St.. Ottawa. «'*n.
attack of
FI; It S
asthma.
"I found relatives and friends bewailing Mrs. Futterman as dead," the physician said.
Artificial Respiration Used
“I began to administer artificial respiration—18 strokes a minute. Four minutes later I detected a faint breath. The pulse was barely a flicker, but 1 realized that a spark of life remained, or had returned.”
Aided by a police Inhalator squad, which worked unflagglngly for three hours, and by a nurse who injected heart stimulants, Dr. Goodwin finally restored Mrs. Fut-terman's ability to breathe by herself.
Every time an eye winks, its muscles set up an electric impulse of a few millionths of a volt. This never fails. The wires pass the current to the box, which amplifies to turn a counter.
The meter is based on a fundamental scientific discovery that blinks are nature’s sure sign and yardstick of eye strain.
o
SHIP TOUR FURS TO THE OLD established house. Over forty year* In business, f^wls A. Jones, 169 Talbot Ft., Ft. Thomas.
l’HOTOGII A PH V
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
What Science * Is Doing *
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH F.V-
prints am.e 8 enlarged prints
try roll film develop* «1 glo*s prints 25c. Kt price.
lirightling Studio. Toronto
II % III GOODS
25c.
WIGS. TOUPES, TRANSFORM A-tlons. Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential term* arranged. Toronto Human Hoir Supply Co.. 628 Bathurst, Toronto.	________
id i*rt nr.
YOU RUPTURED? Relief.
ARE
Comfort, Positive Support with our advanced method. So elastic or understraps or steel. Write. Smith Manufacturing Co.. Dept. 219. Preston. Ontario. __ _____________
1.	—Is it necessary to write anything on the card that accompanies a wedding gift?
2.	—Is it all right for a man to rest his arm on the back of a woman’s chair In the theatre, or in a public conveyance?
3.	-—What should a woman wear to a dinner when she does not possess a dinner gown?
4.	—When going to a week end party must a guest go by the train or bus that is mentioned in the Invitation?
5.	—-When you are having luncheon with several friends in a public dining room, and an acquaintance stops at your table for a few words, should you Introduce him to each of your friends.
6.	—What Is the correct phrasing to be used oc an engraved card announcing an engagement?
CAN FORECAST COLDS The vitamin A in the eyes, which helps seeing at night, also forecasts colds and dry skin. The discovery of this link is reported by L. B. Pett, of the University of Alberta, Edmonton, who found that persons with deficient eye vitamin À had 20 per cent, more colds within a month after the tests than those with adequate vitamin.
Man’s Life Span Not Any Longer
HIGH BLOOD I'll ESS I. HE
TKACTOlt MAONKTO 4SI) feEXI'HATOII Itl'I'AIII*
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particular* regarding our amazingly successful by blood treatment.	Red I -
greed Product*. Saskatoon Sm#k
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAGM% to and Generator Repair*. We save you money.
Xfanfr..
Allanson Armature 8R5 P.iy St . Toronto.____
Although More Children Born Today, Live, Medical Science Has Not Yet Increased Span Of Life.
HONEY FOR SALE
STOP THAT ITCH
i
Singapore will rebuild the highways to the big naval base.
PRURITUS. ITCHING OF ANUS, rectum, etc. Mv treatment bus proved successful.
Particular», XV. Lue**, lagh Ave., Vancouver. B.O.
CHOICE HONEY—SIX 8 LB. PAILS Amber $3.00. Buckwheat $3.00: 65 lb*. Amber $3.90. Buckwheat $3.50. Hutchinson Bros., Mount Forest, Ontario.
Inexpensive. Rant-
325
Lives of more children are being saved by medical science than ever before, but the life-span of the man of today Is no longer than ever, according to Dr. Robert Wilson, dean of the medical college of the Unl-verstiy of South Carolina.
‘‘Medical science hasn’t done one earthly thing to lengthen the span of human life; we are saving children,” he said.
Dr. Wilson said that tho "man of 40” has even less chance of a longer life than formerly. He explained that more people were living in the "heart disease and cancer age” because they were saved from the "acute diseases of childhood and youth.”
RADIO STATIC ELIMINATED
The invention of a radically new radio-broadcasting system which completely eliminates static and other extraneous noises is announced.
i
remember.
esta
SÉLi ' v	U, V
n

to get youi copy
et this week*
Toronto Silt Wsetu'y while in town.
#
mmi
‘ *, A


The discovery involves new methods of transmission and requires specially-designed receiving-sets with a much shorter wave-range—from 10 metres down to possibly one metre.
The new method is known technically as frequency-modulation. The one now in use is called the amplitude modulating system.
%
eieieieie

CANADIAN FURNACE*
Answers:
1. No; the card Is sufficient, as good wishes and congratulations are offered at the reception. 2. No; the hands should be kept In the lap. 3. An evening dress would be k the next best thing to wear. 4. Yes; one should always do so, unless some unusual circumstance prevents. .Then one should wire his hostess, stating when he will arrive. 5. It is not at all necessary to do so. 6. It Is not proper to use this type of card.

CHILDRENS
COUGHS
GP£A T£P MATING
sa mmnoN
m u Ulitlf	- -m
blue coal

FROZEN GASOLINE
i
“Frozen” airplane gasoline that , won't ignite under a blowtorch was demonstrated at Roosevelt Field, New York, last week, as a ! solution to one of flying's greatest lire hazards.
The gasoline, while not frozen solid, is reduced by an alcohol and dry mechanism to about 150 degrees below zero Fahrenheit, where it does not give off enough por to catch fire.
BS-M
(tfue to colds)

Strength Musterole No. 2 on child s throat and chest at once. This milder form of regular Musterole penetrates, warm# and stimulates local circulation. Floods the bronchial tubes with its soothing, relieving vapors. Musterole brings relief because it’s a
_______-irrita#»*"-NOT just a
salve. Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Made in Canada, in three strengths: Regular Strength, Children’s (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, AQi each. |
^	CHILDREN'S^#*#
i
Long Nails Champ
t

I
Miss Joanna Kennedy, only daughter of Brigadier-General H. B. Kennedy, of Knightsbridge, England, thinks she has the longest fingernails in Mayfair—or anywhere else. They arc nearly an inch in length.

Don’t take chances with unidentified fuels. Follow the example of over 100,OCX) Canadian homeowners who have changed to better heating. Bvr i blue coal ' for the finest, moet trouble-free heating you’ve ever enjoyed.
*

-A
THROAT.
SORE7 a
• _
i
é»
l
»
w
Order from your nearest 'blue coal’ dealer today him also about the ‘blue provides automatic heat with your present equipment.
Ask
I* Heat Regulator which
EYE-BLINK COUNT IMPORTANT
An eye comfort meter, which folds how human eyes feel and tifows what is tiring them, is be-fig perfected.
The meter almost literally "ticks.” It counts the blinks of the eyes. Two bits of metal, too 14* tit to feel, are stuck near the ÿèë. Wires connect them with a Mark bo*.

for common ordinary sore
H)
throat
- blue coal '#
O#
I
BUS
9
IT*
4U§1
. .. STOPPED IN A MINUTE ...
Are you tormented with the itching tortures of fotma, rashes, athlete e foot, eruption•. or other skis evictions? For quick and happy relief, use cooling, antiseptic, liquid Û. D. D. Prescript 'on. he gentle nils soothe the imitated skin. Clear. greae»leee dries fast. Stops the moet hmtaatly. A 35c trial bottle, at drug stores,
mdu	sa
-Il



THE MODERN FUEL FOR.SOLID, COMFORT
ïvv\£

MILD
intense ilehieg
fune ia "The Shadow” every Sat., 7 p ro., CBL, T
0.30 p m., CBO. Ottawa.
t
Issue No. 5 — 39
)0
###PAGE###4###
T.-'V

Schools, regard les* of age. In conform ity with Article 8AÔ of the Education
THE EQUITY
NOTICE
Juan da Nova Is In the Mozambique channel, nearly ^a hundred
Th* MM U, CUm*. Firmer.' | »	£ Him «wA
Birds at which Portuguese ships called for water, turtles and fruit. Many a brave ship was wrecked on its lonely shores, and marooned cats and rats found a happy hunting-ground. Then the dogs came, tn the same way, and from that time Feb. 6th, 1838 I--- i --	_ ___	- - Juan de Nova has been e kingdom
of the Municipal	~ of dogs, says London Tit-Bits Maga-
ziïtziï M"' *— <•'	s£ Lza: t ssrarftS
T|	|S	Powerful Alcoholic Sap | thick bush, and prey ; along the
beaches. Well-nigh every known breed is represented. It is stated that the different packs claim their own territory, and woe betide a dog which dares pass the unseen borders. The dogs, whose tails droop like those of wolves, resent the presence of men; and often a ship’s watering company will be attacked.
Act.
WHEAT
Motion by Comr. Argue, to adjourn. —Carried.
SHAWVHLE, FEB. 9.1939
Club should arrange to provide for settlement previous to Feb. Uth, 1939, otherwise measures will be undertaken to nuke the collections.
J. A Oman,
Seo.-Treas
Quebec Cabinet Salaries to be Increased
Hurst Hodoins,
President
Claud* Elliott, Sec-Treat
Shawvtlle Council
We have a car of wheat to arrive on or about the 15th of thie month
Salary cuts effected two year» ago for members of the Quebec Cabinet with portfolios will be restored unde* a
Government bill of which Provincial I The regular meeting Treasurer Fisher gave notice in the Council was held at H Legislative Assembly on Thursday above date. Present, last. Under the measure, Premier in the chair and Councillors R. P. Eades,
Duplessis’ oresent salary would be boost- A. O. Eades, Cotie, Howard, Woodley. | Siphoning out the sap of the ma-ed from 112.000 to $14,000, and those The minutes of last meeting were guey plant is one of the first steps of the Ministers with portfolios from read and approved on motion of Crs hn the making of pulque—that potent $7,000 to $8,000. They were reduced Cotie-E ides.	drink which puts pep into native
by the Legislature shortly after the The following bills were submitted to testas in South America. The ma-Union Nationale administration took | Council for consideration	guey plant is a form of cactus and
office m 1936.	George Tucker,.. $ 4 AO when full grown is an upside-down-
John B. Judd, ... J*	W looking affair with ten-foot leaves
Hodgins Lumber Co. 79	14 massed in artichoke formation near
I Mac Lean’s Grocery ........	8 96 tfce ground, giving rise to a flower
, Hodgins* Garage, . 10 9o stalk which often grows to a height I “Black Sheep” Hawk Is
i "Gatineau Power Co.........	40 69 of 25 feet and bears thousands of
0- S31 flowers. Plants such as this are I	* 00 among the strange sights in Mexico ,	.	.	.
.....	80 00 City, writes a correspondent In the hawks are to blame for the	bad
2 10 New York World-Telegram.	reputation of the whole family.
am BSffll
Hill |5Sa
yissr -he	1U"k | §	I |r
ks&ÉMÉK
Émms. hhe kstL- jEHEi
Mayor, Mr. J. M. Argue, its appreciation moniy called log-cock or cock-of-the- ritory, as everyone knows who has of the valuable services rendered to the , woods, is the largest of our native ever attempted to invade its PreMunicipality of Shaw ville during his I woodpeckers and is only a trifle cincts.
several terms of office as Mayor— smaller than the crow, writes Al- One^of the '‘good hawks" is the
Premier Duplessis, Cabinet Ministers	_ A _	. bert Stoll, Jr., in the Detroit News, common red-shouldcred hawk of the
and leaders of the opposition groups in ‘Motion by Crs. A. O. Eictes-votie, I most members of the wood- eastern United States and southern the Quebec Legislative Assembly paid [h-d J. M, Argue be appointed Council- pecker family, it is possessed of a Canada.
tribute to Rt. Rev. John Farthing lor th«	£°U?,C|1	scarlet red crown with white stripes Among all the birds of prey, Bent
Anglican Bishop of Montreal, who re- caused by the election of G. G. Me running down its neck to the wing says, it is the great home lover, tired last week	Dowell as Mayor and his resignation as | joinls The body is grayish-black Pairs presumably are muted for life.
Premier Duplessis, praising the "im Councillor-Carried^	with the base of the wing feathers One such couple will appropriate a
portant role” Bishop Farthing had Motion Cr h I Fades A O Eides, white. The pileated woodpecker certain territory, such as a small played during his 30 years as a member . t the Mayor and Cr Cotie be up- loves the dense forest. It is seldom woodland, fight off zealously any of the Anglican episcopate, wished him P°,n. Î committee to acquire a dump- | geen beyond its confines. It in of flr trespassers, and 'many more years of happiness in the ,D<.81^. °![* village—Carried. J j interest to the farmer as an. insect there every sprin province where understanding of the Motion by Lr Howard-Lotie, that the , destroyer, for its work is confined to | century, differences of races and creeds is an tender of Hilliard Hodgins for snow- I tbc dense timber stands and it is example to the world”.	ploughing and rolling be accepted— . recognized by foresters for digging
A motion of tribute to Bishop Fârth-1 Carried,	out destructive tree insect larvae,
ing was made by Hon. Gilbert Layton, „ Motion by Crs. A. O. Eades ant R. P. # able with its strong, chisel-Minister without Portifolio, who was! Lades to adjourn.	like bill, to penetrate the hardest
joined by Provincial Treasurer Marlin	Harland C. Rowaf woods. There are many legends
Fisher.	Sec.-Treas woven around the pileated wood-
Liberal Leader T. D. Bouchard con-	* ' | pecker. It was one of the guardian
gratulated the Bishop for his “beautiful |	- —    | birds of the Chippewas. The Me
career, followed closely by all the people of the province”.
Phillippe Hamel
Price $1.25 per 100 lbs. At the Car in Your Bag
At this close price we must sell for GASH only.
Quebec Assembly to Continue Farm Loan Credits
General Trouble-Maker
Oall the Mill now and order your supply.
The Quebec Legislative Assembly approved Wednesday night an $8,000,000 Jack Elliott .... grant to the Farm Loan Board, which Sidney Hodgins.. in the past two years has turned more Harper Rennick.. than $27,000,000 to debt-burdened Q. A. Howard .... farmers.	I
The measure, first of the session Pontiac Rural Telephone Co.. 1 19
opened three weeks ago, received three H. p. Eades...........
in the lower House after W. A. Hodgins........
t'
U
• • • •
e s
A few “black sheep" species of

• •

• e
60
Telephone 28 j.
«#####
9 00
The Equity........
e • • e •
9 07
quick readings in the lower House after! W. A Hodgi Premier Dublessis declared farmers were | James Miller in “urgent” need of assistance.
... U 60
5 00 1 95 1 00 1 00
3	00
4	50 8 00
5	00
• e
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O-
Est. C J. Caldwell Lloyd Dagg ..
Bruce Elliott ..
Harper Smith,.
Harry McDowell ...
The Province of Quebec has tàtj Mi^R^3oWB|d...............
largest per capita development of water Moved by Cr. * H P. Eides, seconded power m the world. In a little over one-third of a century the cash investment in hydroelectric facilities has reached $640,000,000.
The rivers of the Province are now
« • • • •
• • •
• •
• • • • •
• •
Quebec Rivera Harnessed to Supply Immense Electric Power
• •
• • e
• • • • §
HODGINS
GARAGE

Chevrolet,
Sales
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
\
PREVENT DAMAGE
Quebec Leaders Honour Anglican Bishop
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
/
build their nests jf for nearly hall a
Word “Reich” Is German
for Government Systems
The word “reich" is a German
word meaning kingdom, empire,
state or commonwealth. Entymoîo-
gists believe it to be related in
y * ® J	.origin to the English word “realm,"
About the Swastika	I nominees looked upon its presence | which is traceable to the Latin
.	.	. , j The swastika, oldest of all Aryan ®s 3	0i omen. Even c\d time "regere," to rule or keep straight.
I	I P ™ » leader nf the symbols, is definitely pre-Christian Qeer ^enters believed that w iere jbe verb "rcichen" in German
five min Nationalist gtoup, expressed and map.y specimens of it have lnis b,rd worked the hardest ir. means to reach, observes a writer pleasure in joining other Assembly becn found in lhe diggings of old searching out forest insects, there in lhe Cleveland Plain Dealer, members in the tribute and recalled yroy, From its rough likeness to a would he find good deer hunting. During the days of the German when the first 1 rotestant bishop came wheel it is associated by some with	our vir8*n timber disappears, empire it was customary to speak
n	"18„Sree!in? Wils by ft the solar motion and early worship 30 does the cock-of - th e-woods The |0f the empire as the reich to dis-
Lrttholic bishop.	I 0f the sun, through the most impor lwo 8° hand in hand and there is tinguish it from the kingdoms, provient of its attributes, in ancient no separating them._____inces, confederacies and other potage. is its character as a charm.		'	litical units of which it was coma sign of benediction, of long life	._____posed. After the kaiser’s ;
ar.d good luck. It is the sacred	Names in South America	in 1918 the name survive
symbol of one Buddhist sect, ar.d Lucky is the tourist on a South common appellation of Germany, time » immemorial has been American safari who finds it easy and it is correct to speak of the
Walsh Anrue and Wilson.	American Indian is held to point cult 4he stranger are some of Reichstag, reichsgericht, reichs
In the absence of the Chairman r° t,ari>’ communication between the t iesc Indlan and Spanish words land, reichsstadt, reichsbank,
sr ™r - -- sawsa sus szszivsx hstst ss™
*=*«= EBSBrE HSTS IEEEEESs
Motion bv Comr Anrue that »1>« 1 museum of historical art is a large a tov'n near lhe Magellan straits
Community Hospital b« exempt from all unmistakable swastika, which «	“Ab'f S I The first, second and third reich
School Tax under the «revision of >cars out lhe supposed solar signif- and Llanquihue, a lone in Chnes are the names applied to the three
BS&ar “• -z^	sr» xssxxsz, b=s «a
plHÜËplSEl'É
I «......... «..»
LSrr^’.h."^ """" "d “*“	mine ,„™. ». Latin m». m,„
^	EED-™
U»,1 Wihmn- '	rôn*	' I	Alchemy a Mystery	in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. St
Her *	, ' xf x 1 i	- .J The alchemists or chemists of the Honora of the Sixth century was
*27,	' ‘ •	Middle ages were obsessed with the Lhe daughter of a Britisl
^ »5'2 — *“**“• “	**
» iSUlli to'W .
Htah bebool.. 41 12 Lecret art and tb* y left few
ten records: what th®* in
Dr.
J. L. HODGINS
Phone 64 J.
? —¦
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
S
dication as the
Feb. 1, 1939
I rom
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
or
GEORGE HYNES & SON
» ef.
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
Name Phyllis of Greek Origin The name Phyllis is of Greek origin and has the pretty meaning “a green bough." writes Florence A. Cowles in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. I Legend says that the first Honor, Honora and Honoris, f#iB*q Phyllis was a Thracian princess betrothed to one Demophoon, son Bj Theseus Believing he had deserted hen her, she killed herself and was changed into an almond tree with bare branches. When Demophoon returned and sorrowfully embraced the tree it put forth leaves. Hence the present meaning of the name Phyllis. Phillis Wheatley fabout 1754-84), American negro poet, was bom in Affica. In 1761 she was bought in the Boston slave market by John Wheatley, who treated her like b | one of his own family and had her educated. Her poems were popular in her lime and her example in a | profiting by her educational oppor-‘ 1 tunitieî
Cedar Poles Wanted
First Governor of N. W. Territory
Gen Arthur St. Clair was appointed the first governor of the North- , F , P „ .	. .	. . v
, west Territory, and in the summer I , .	.	,es\	And deliver-
of 1788 he established his headquar- ,to'be *¥e lbe pnad "her* they lers at Marietta, Ohio. The day of be reached by trucks, we will pay his arrival someone stationed at |lbe following prices :
Fort Harmar wrote in his journal that "on landing he was saluted with 13 rounds from the field piece On entering the garrison the band played a salute; .the troops paraded and presented their arms. He was also saluted by a clop of thunder and a heavy shower of rain as he entered the fort, and thus we ceived our governor of the western frontiers." Of the original the Northwest Territory were formed—Ohio, noie, Michigan. Wise of Minnesota
BfüBH
Length
Top
Price
• *
30 feet 30 u 35	"
6	inch
7	"
6 41 7	*
7 *
7 :v 44
*8.8»
2.76
3.00
86
4 00
45
0.00
50
i. ;
re-
« ar
If |>oIes are deli ed to C.P.R. or
domain of I
six states I Prices. Fifty per cent will be paid after
inspection and balance when removed.
lor further information apply to
add 25 cents to above
days. Honore, Comte de Mira be (d. 1791), was a Fiend Honore de Balzac (d. 1850)j Fre
love In
part of

c f


na, Illi-sin, and part j re our hum«| The pattern of a dei established^ ™
dis
r\t
3 >
or.
works
at human romech r (d. 1879>m
a
K I

Si
writ
ve In
¦
G A. HOWARD à 80X8

-Cirried
innings y had h
!Iu
D

I
Ury T
r then
The 8
moci Utc old Norths

Sbawville, Quo,
French caricaturist
has been an inspiration to

U

in
i t
\
S 1
? of *2 00 ling Rural
i
atroctm to < ear to all
ir>
to l


«, >
m
i a < '
o.l

A *
per >
* ,
pie
l U 11U> i
###PAGE###5###


*>•



' V


•: fit--
w
The Equity
%
Prom the Melfort (Soak) Moon ;
Mr. and Mrs. W. P Richardson, of Saskatoon, were guest* of Mrs. John Poster this week the former bei?A a first cousin of Mrs. Poster. Mr. Richardson was retired on pension as terminal bridge and building for eman at Saskatoon last Friday, after 90 year* service with the Canadian National Railway*###
Mr. Richardson's railways service dates back a period of 47 yea re, starting in with the old Canada Atlantic, a J. il. Booth line in the East ; the Canadian Northern, and finishing his career with the Canadian National. During the time he has been with the
practically all northern divisions in the West.
Mr. Richardson is a native of Clarendon and left here quite early in life.
PRINTING
AT AT
SHAWV1LLI, QUEBEC
annual subscription
Anywhere in Caned*
To United States.
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
1160
• «
2.00
February
Furniture Sale
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper le discontinued
road he has served on
W. O. COWAN» PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes,
Invoices,
Billheads
During the month of February we are having a special sale of Simmons high class Beds, Mattresses and Springs.
Any of our customers who are contemplating buying new bedding for Spring, it will be to their advantage to examine our stock and compare prices.

Alex H Ktlgour Gaine Pension Per Faithful Services
After being in charge of Con fed eration Life Association affairs in North Bay district for 21 years, A H Kilgoiir retired recently! pension He will continue to maintain a connection with the company, however, aw a representative.
Active in many circles, Mr. Kit-gour has long been regarded as one of North Bay's most prominent citizens.
tie was born atSbawvllle, One, August 28. 1880, and spent his boyhood on a farm He moved to Mansey, Ont., in 1901 and held various positions until 1907 when he joined, the International Harvesters' Company at Kinburn, Ont, d joined the Ottawa branch as » travelling salesman Four years later he was employed by the
“Ostermoor” D Spanish River Pulp and Paper Co.,
at E'panda.
February 8,1911, Mr. Kilgour became representative of the Con federation Life Ass’n at Enpanola. In the spring of 1914 he moved to Haileybury as full time representative of the company.
Mr. Kilgour was manager of the district, with headquarters at North tidy, in September, 1917, and whs promoted to the rank of divisional manager in 1929.
Mr. Kilgour has also been interested in the gold mining industry and plana to devote some of his time to his mining interests. For many years he has been a member of the Hoard of Trade and Lion’s Club. He is given credit for conceiving the North Bay-Temiskam-ing highway. In recent years Mr. Kilgour has become an enthusiastic golfer and curler. F
Statements,
Posters,
Labels,	I
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags r
Sales & Service
WAIN STREET
SHAWVXLLS, QVE
Shell Sealed Gam and Oil#
on
Simmon’s Bed Outfit...
Mattresses ....
Springs .......
Special Eclipse Mattress
$15.45 and up 6.50 « “
46
44
5.50 « “
5.50
Simmon’s Mattresses are known the world over and recognized as being the finest quality obtainable in their various price brackets.	ill
General Repairs
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
an
The Seme Reliable Service
Wilson's XSaragcIfl Such names as “Beautyrest”,
Phone 40	la and “Deepsleep” are by words with
Canadian housewives, where the best is requested in bedding equipment.

Ill
On
Look Here
Beattie’s Eye Service
Special February Sale of Chesterfield Suites, Studio Ensembles, Sliding Couches, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Vanitys, End Tables, Writing Desks, Telephone Sets, Living Room Chairs, etc.
Fancy Walnut Footstools *............
“	“ End Tables ..........
44	» '	44 K ' ¦
“ End Table and Book Rack “ Extra Special End Tables
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole. -
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
O

$2.75
3.95
<1
44
4.00
nm
s* sr-wsaisr asst
FAMILRX 00. 670 St. die ment. Montre al, Que.
•	4.85
5.50
Scientific Eye Examinations
|lew 1939 Wall Paper
Past ore Improvement In the Eastern Townships
( By L. C. Raymond )
During the past eight or ten years a good deal of time has been devoted to a study of Eastern Townships’ pastures. Federal, provincial and college organisations have contributed to these investigations. The results can be ted lu a brief way.
| Eastern Townships pasture*, in common with the great majority of those in eastern Canada, are found to be In a very run down condition. Evidence of this is found in the thinness and weddy nature of the sward. The very general prevalence of poverty grass is one of the best indications of this depletion. Once the sward , has become thin the soil is subject to leaching, and the essential plant food elements are readily wasted away. Tims it is found that one of the most important deficiencies ! IsH supply of available phoshor-oua, while potash is also low iu many districts. Generally the soils are aid and lack lime and while lime is not so essential for
addition of ill in some localities.
To remedy the existing situa lion, the treatments recommended
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
The newest désignés of today^Priced from 20 cts. per double roll and up
t
Tenders Wanted
Cold Seal Congoleum Rug
Tenders for Hie joint poeiiion of
Secretary-Manager of Shaw ville _ Cooperative, Hatchery will be received by the undersigned until 6.00 p.m Monday, February 13th, 1039. Suitable building is required. Applicants please state if they can supply one and what rent
Lowest or any tender not
necessarily accepted.
NOKVAL
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS.
Professional Optometrist.
6x9
$4.50
i 4
# #
St*
• 4
74x9
5.65
6 S
4 6
9x9
6.70
4 #
4 4
4 4
9x10.1
7.90
• 6

l •

asked.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
9x12
8.95
4 4
4 4
4 4
KILGOUR,
President
Bhawvil'e, Quebec
Seasonable Grocery Items
Fresh Haddock, per pound Fresh Herring*,
Fresh Salmon,
Fresh Strip Cod,
Fresh or Smoked Fillets, per pound 15c Salt Herring 35jts per doz. or 3 doz. for $1.00 Lassies (old time dark syrnp) per pound 9c Delight Flour, 98 pound sack.
Ivory Flour
Fur Pelts Wanted
9c
i .
Monuments in Marble and Granite
9c
• «
4 4
4 4
4 1
* I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market U»r all kinds of seasonable far pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer^ Shaw ville, Que.
15c
I 4
4 4
4 4
4 4
15c
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
4 4
4 4
4 4
4 #
Phone, 278
pasture species, an be beneficial
44 —
me mu y
$2.15
$2.35
4 •
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
-
4 4
4 I
4 4
FOR SALE
inre two types. Where the natur 'at white clover is prevalent applications of 500 lbs. of an 0-16—0
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Yarn, made freni pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good
wool.
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Shi aville,g Qu*\
fvrtilzei per acre should he made,
¦ w hich is equivalent of 400 lbs of
tsuperphosphate and 100 lbs. of muriate of potash Ml ¦
I sward is poor and little, if any clover present, 500 lb*, of a 2 - 12—0 , fertilizer is advised. These amounts should be regarded as the I minimum for an initial application and should be given ns a sin face' dressing, preferably in September1 or, failing that, very early in the spring The application will need t j be repeated approximately every three yean*. The response
I t ins treatment Is usually iiu mediate and pi on oil need.
The change In the character of the harbnge is most striking The w ild w hite clover makes a rapid growth and since it supplies nitrogen it encourages the grass» there by ^crowding out many of the troublesowe weeds Mich as hawk weed and poverty grn-s yield of useful herbage Is stimulât-to the point thaPthe carrying capacity is Increased anywhere from 50 to 100 per cent. ^
Fusture improvement eliould not stop with the application of fer lilizer» A well devised scheme of
management should be employ. Good grazing—neither tiw lieav> j *r certainly not too light-should | be pmetis’-d. pm i d < are le necessary in the spring to prevent! any grass going to head, in which condition it* nutritive value is greatly reduced 0 EF	1
Milk aid meat production is | more economically carried out on, pastures dm tug the rummer than j let any other unie of the I ; Pastille improvement offers one of I i be ke-t ami su f‘u lag returns hum the farm.
Where the
MacLeans
I
« |
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go., Limited
RED & WHITE STORE
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• •
Care of the Young Horse's Feet
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and Penetrates
23 cts.
Per Bottle 2 for 46 Cts
Made in Canada
FISH
"No feet ; no horse* is a well- I _	I
known adage amongst horsemen. IVrxif	rnnccn
Thi* statement i* particularly iin- |	vJ« T ¦ Vlool |
BBwISSaiiiI true they are the progenitors of the next horse crop. Inferior feet in! horses will be pissed on to the next generation just as promptly1 as any other structural detect. We can assist heredity, however, by taking proper care of the feet of our hordes, It is never too soon to ! start caring for the young horse’s feet. Not only can the feet *1 improved by seasonable attention, but early, patient, kind handling of foals, will save much per*pint j won and many backaches later on The proper care of border* feet; should keep the foot short in front,
| wide at heel and above all el<e,
| level on the bottom. This make*
level foot that takes n
to
Flower», Gifu,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886 Phone 180
Novelties
. . per lb. 22c
“ 20c “ 16c “ 12c “ 10c “ 10c " 15c “ 10c
Halibut, choice,
Smelts,
Salmon, choice, . Tulibee,
Haddock, .
Fresh Cod Fish, steak “ Salt Cod Fish, blocks “
a
The
H
a
Disti active Flower Styling, that'* mir b'l-tnem. We in
<<

vite your patronage, orders of #1.00 or over, phone ua collect.
On

On orders of #5 00 or over, phone ua collect and we «hall prepay.

Fresh Herrings,
Salt Herrings, per dozen 35c
three dozen $1.00
<<
a round
grip of the ground and keeps i the pasterns well lined up and at nier angle.
THE CORNER STORE


Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre »te
QUE.
VI fui what * >	' don
in improving action, and in putting! , knt	and les in the i
sitinti b
of young horse* feet nt the right
It
âi/Vin» between 7 a, m and II p. m.
<<
<c
<(

SHAWVILLE,
i
###PAGE###6###
Quality You’ll Enjoy
ed floor*. «'We can hear the music ; and we might be able to sneak a dance,M he told her, with all the enthusiasm of a little boy. '«I hate to miss a chance for 1 don't know when HI have one again. Thcqft'U probably be a young man along here In a moment and then I’ll lose you.'*
Her face lighted and she answered by moving past him Into the room Itself. Suddenly she felt free of the stiffness that had held her all evening. Here It was quiet, comfortably. Tom was kind, simple, her own kind. The music swung Into a waltz, and she found herself held gently In hla arms while he danced with an almost old-fashioned grace.
He looked down at her and she could feel his breath move tiny tentrils of her hair. Hla clothes were rough against her cheek; rough, outdoor tweeds that had a faint aroma of bay rum, tobacco, of wind, and rain, and sunshine.
Sensation of Dread
The last bars of the waltz grew faint and the hubbub In the ballroom arose. Tom bowed formally. •‘Thanks for the grand climax." he said. "You haven't been discovered yet. Let's sit the next dance out.*'
A cool breeze blew In the open French doors that faced a deep couch. She leaned back, watching bis profile lighted by the flaming match he held to his cigarette. "Yes," she said softly, almost afraid to break the stillness. "It's been a
perfect ending—"
"It hasn't ended for you." he reminded her. smilingly. "You still have a whole evening of fun and dancing ahead. The parties here last long, you know.'*
Flic dropped her lashes, to hide the feeling of unhappiness that flooded her when she was reminded that her evening would go on and That sensation of dread, of uneasiness. came back upon her. Things had been so perfect and they were now so suddenly changed. She felt lost, helpless. She wanted to lean over and hold lightly to his hands, to press her face close to that rough coat, to have him tell her that life v.as the same, and that the love between herself and Larry liad not changed.
If only, she thought. Larry had tho steadfast qualities that Tom possessed, and yet It was Larry's very casualness, his easy-come, easy go manner that made her happy and carefree when she was with him evenings after work. She always felt protective toward him, loving to soothe his fretfulness when trifling events at the salesroom upset him.
She realized they had been sitting there for several minutes without speaking. The silence had been companionable.
Tom s eyes on her face.
"You shouldn't have to work," he said. "You should have a nice homo, a loving husband, and all tho time you want to dance and play."
She shrugged her shoulders and looked away to hide the feeling of the unknown fear that came over her again. "I wouldn't make a good social butterfly," she maid.
“Well, that's a break for me, then. It means I'll see you at work Mondays, and Tuesdays, and
Wednesdays -weeks, I hope."
Household
Science
•y DOROTHY HIOGINS
• SERIAL STORY
COPYRIGHT, tees
NgA *«RVIC(C. INC#
HIT-RUH LOVE
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN


"BE PREPARED"
There la no reason why the Boy Scouts should have a corner on the motto "Be Prepared." House» keepers too know what a good idea it is to be well supplied with the necessities for turning an every-day meal into a party. This can always be done if you keep your cupboards well supplied with not only the ordinary staples but the little things that make a plain meal look and taste like a feast. A can of coconut is Indispensable for such occasions. Your simple butter cake with a plain white frosting turns into a luxury when coconut is sprinkled over the top and if It'# a birthday, age and Initials can be done in tinted or toasted coconut. For such decorations, long, moist shreds known as “southern style" coconut should be used but in small cakes such as we give the recipes for here, "premium shred" is preferable.
Coconut Date KUee»
looked at him with Interest. Up to he had been a name In the
CAST OF CHARACTERS Patricia McGraw—heroine. She laced a choice between the law
now
society pages: the heir to hit father’s woolen mills and millions and the place made by his faintly in the local "400‘\
A silky smile curved his lips, and a knowing, daring light danced In
his brown eyes, been keeping yourself, forgeons?" he said. ' Or have I been missing something?"
and love.

Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney—prosecutor.
•waited the processes of the law.
Last weak: Taking Pat to a parly, Larry tells her she couldn't have seen him; he was across town.
a#
He
“Where ve you
Modem Mother Termed Tyrant
standing fn the hot water, rub yourself down with a cold sponge. It takes some courage, but Is well worth it! Scrub yourself with a turkish towel, then finish off with a rough linen towel.
Hands are a sore point In cold weather. Wash them In lukewarm water; never hot nor cold. If your hands roughen easily, add a few drops of glycerine to the water. To avoid chapping, rub vaseline over them before going out, and If they are already chapped, instead of washing the hands with soap, use a paste of fine oatmeal and vaseline.
CHAPTER IV
There was nothing but music, laughter, color Inside the doors of )he club, nothing to remind one of labile worries, groundless suspicions. Pat swung into the first dance With Larry, loving the firm way he held her, the ease with which she could now follow his every step.
Men in tuxedoes, some rushing Ihe season in white mess jackets; girls in gay flowered prints, fragile lace, gossamer georgette; Jew-Ils, flowers, perfume. The nearest approach to a movie party she had iver attended. She was thrilled In-Jo actually forgetting last year’s
bock.
She saw Larry's eyes suddenly grow alert, saw a smile come to his Ups and a nod of pleased recognition as they passed another
toupie.
She tried to keep up with the sophisticated swing of the conversation, hut it was forced, haven't missed anything,” she told him. "I'm new here. You see I'm a working girl enjoying her night out." It gave her a secret pleas-to see the way Larry's Jaw tightened. She didn't know why she wanted to hurt him. make him angry, but something drove her on. The night was all wrong. It had started all wrong. It was so silly— the way he placed such importance
on this crowd.
Seen In The Right Light
Dottle Barnes stopped talking when she saw Larry's eyes travel
to Pat and Bromley.
“A working girl — Arc you real*
Democracy Should Begin At Home, Noted Psychologist
Warns
"You
Those famous last words of the household—"mother knows best"— make mother an autocrat and also threaten democracy In the home, du the opinion of David Seabury, psychologist.
'.And lack of democracy In the home, added Beabury. "Is a main cause of Insanity/’ in the United States.
«•We live In 1939. mechanically, but socially, morally and ethically, live in the year 939. What can
keep a man sane?
«•We must realize the true spirit of democracy and teach It In the home if we are to escape complete insanity."
Jamaica has shipped aearly 13,000,000 bunches of bananas to other countrlesthls year.
ure
2 egg whites 1 cup powdered sugar 1 cup coconut, premium shred 1 cup finely chopped dates
Beat egg whites until foamy throughout; add sugar, 2 (ablest a time, beating after
Now for your nose! When you have a spare moment, pinch your nose from tip to bridge, then start over again. It you nose still gets pinkish, bathe It now and then with a five-percent, solution of alum and water.
To keep the lips from chapping, use a lypsyl salve under your lipstick. and. at night, smooth In some tissue cream.
Write to me If you want confidential advice. And you can get any of the following Interesting leaflets by sending a 3c stamp for each one required: Facial Care;
Superfluous WEnKÊËËËtKÈÈË
Eyes; Feet Care; Bust Development ;
Hair; Slimming; Underweight; Reducing In Spots.
Please address your letters to: Barbara Lynn. Room 421. 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Ont.
we
spoons
each addition until sugar is blend-Then continue beating until mixture will stand in peaks. Fold in coconut and dates. Drop from teaspoon on ungrensod heavy paper. Bake in slow oven (325 deg. F.) 20 minutes, or until delicately browned. Makes 2t,£ dozen kisses.
ly?"
? Yes—a stenographer,*' Pat said calmly.
"She's more than a stenographer," Larry added in a tone she recognized as annoyed. “She's in traffic court; works for Judge Kelly. She also has a traffic complex —can't talk anything else
ed.
“Quite a Looker'
“Dottle Barnes," lie lolil her under bis breath. ‘‘Quite a looker."
trivial
murmured phrase. Dottle Barnes wearing a dark flowered silk with a daringly tut back, a flaring, astounding bow emphasizing the sleek line of her kips, a cluster of gardenias on her shoulder that made Pat's one bloom seem insignificant.
After the dance Larry maneuvered until they were standing near
the girl. There lions, laughter, the flip conversation of the smart set. Pat felt frozen, stupid with self-consciousness.
Brom-
Pat
some
but
Chocolate Macaroons
Beat egg whites until foamy throughout; add sugar, 2 tablent a time, beating after
work."
Bromley took Pat by the arm. “IIow about a drink? Who cares how many cops are handing out tickets tonight. You're too pretty to start crusading anyway, have a drink, and then do a little speedin* on the dance floor.”
She looked about for Larry, but ho was too engrossed with Dottle to notice anyone else. She felt Bromley's hand possessive on her own, and followed him down to the little barroom made to look like a ship. They sat on high stools and sipped Iced drinks.
Bromley swung Into gain making her feel that she all these girls in their ex
was
Hair; Fascinating
on.
BEAUTY HINT -
Hand Beauty; Glamorous
spoons
each addition until sugar is blend-Then continue beating until mixture will stand in peaks. Add salt and vanilla. Fold in chocolate; then coconut. Drop from teaspoon on ungrvtvcd, heavy paper. Bake in slow oven (325 deg. F.) 20 minutes, or until done. Cool 5 minutes before removing from paper. Makes 2 dozen 1 la-inch macaroons.


ed.
We'll

- >
were introduc-

r*
v !
1
Shoes Go Goofy Instead of Hats


Tall, sunburned “Sallci ley detached himself from Dot tie Barnes and turned toward Pat. She
m
(


As the New Season Styles Come In Witty Males Won’t Even Notice Headgear — Comic Footwear Featured
Puffs

Coconut Mac
5 tablespoons granulated sugar 5 tablespoons powdered sugar
1	tablespoon flour
2	egg whites
*4 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup coconut, premium shred Sift together sugars and flour. Beat egg whites until foamy throughout; then add sugar mixture, 2 tablespoons at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Fold in vanilla and coconut. Drop from teaspoon on ungreased he** v Bake in slow oven (323

I

A Tight Bodice . . . A Pleated Skirt

I
his line


a

m
O
among
pensive, sophisticated gowns the one that really mattered.
"And I’m getting my shape. Taking her out on the river next week," he was saying. "After that I'll be prepared for company. As soon as it's warmer we ll go sailing. I’m willing to bet cash you’ll make a decorative deck hand, too." He finished his drink and folded his arms on the little bar. "How about lunch tomorrow?"
"I’m a working girl, remember. I can’t flutter around like one of these social butterflies."
ti
3^ IL )
Shoe designers have produced such giddy creations for spring that witty males who have

r

boat in



jested for years about women's funny hats won't even notice headwear this year.
Shoe firms of the Middle West displayed 1939 spring and summer styles at Detroit recently and even hardened shoo buyers gulped over the riotous colors. A popular color effect was achieved with the new
wines that have a decided bluish .	I#%wc
. Names of shades differed with I MEN LwVfc
)
l
***?*$%


A

Pat felt
11

paper.— deg. F.) 20 to 25 minutes. Makes
>* 5
18.
.PEP
Coconut Almond Macaroons may be made by adding 1/3 cup ground, blanched almonds to mixture before folding in coconut.
EMM###############
designers from grape to chokeber-
GIRLS WITH
more butterflies." He stared into the glass and his voice was husky, his words
"Give a guy the run-
"Don't want any
ry.
If you are peppy and full oMun, vite you to dances and parties.
% M.
quiet" girls. When they go to parties they want girts along who are full of pep.
For three generations one woman has told
«SVK&F. ïïïïïa.’SSLJT.
Feet Exposed More
Shoe designers this year followed the trend of bathing suit makers and exposed more and more. Feet peeped through cutouts and coarse mesh. Many models had toes and heels exposed to the breezes.
I
5893

?
more tikiIckJEMENN around. But two can do that, honey. Let ’em go for handsome salesmen. Let ’em pay the bills, too. Nuts to social butterflies—”
At least, Pat thought, he had called the situation correctly. He,
Dottle and Larry In the

»
on
for weeks and
ETy5,T Mnkhau'S .
VEGETABLE COMPOUND?
The Secrets ‘j
„ °J jl
Good Looks M
(CONTINUED NEXT ISSUE)
Housecoat May
Oust Negligee
i
too, saw proper light.
He looked at her as though see-
«'Say—we were go-
/ /
SITES 14-40
/
/
N. B. Girls Make
Their Own Tweed
B
ing her anew.———i ing to dance. Coin* to show cm some fancy steps. Come on."
Punishment
Bromley took her in his arms and they Joined the others on the floor. He held her too close, but despite his fogginess he was a good dancer. Still she felt they were conspicuous. She tried desperately to catch Larry’s eye, but he continued to ignore her plea. When he and Dot-tie passed he laughed and waved. “You two seem to get along."
The saxophones rumbled aud the violins shrilled, the drums beat out a frenzied tattoo and the clarinet shrieked. They were near the door when It ended, and she felt tired and beaten. She didn’t know if Larry avoided her because he was punishing her for the questions she had asked on the way out, or if he was deliberately making a play for Dot-tie. She only knew a dull ache filled her heart. And then she saw a familiar face, a face that smiled and for a moment gave her back poise and courage. She turned and unnoticed by the others went into
/
Women are indeed “curus cattle”! Just at the time when all the fluffy-ruffles of the Edwardian and Victorian era are again in vogue, they have chosen to discard all feminine frippery for indoor wear and in place of the training, ruffled . tea-gowns and negligees of those bygone days, they have substituted plain, tailored “housecoats”. This plain, tailored idea is carried out in the majority of the new “robes intérieures”. Sometimes they are in the form of a long, fitted coat which opens at the front over a petticoat of another color.
PARIS.
4
7
EMB
"705

TO BELIEVE PAIR ARB BISCOMFOIT OF A COLO
Fellew Simple Methsd Bsitw Takes ealy a Few Miaatee When “Aspirin” is Used
HW
Weave, Style It And Model It At Factory Show—Part Of Youth Training Program.
//
/
OFFSETTING WINTER’S RAVAGES! >
A new kind of fashion show is being planned as part of New Brunswick’s youth training program. Dr. Fletcher Peacock. Its director. says.
Contestants In the show, drawn from communities all over the province. will model dresses and suits designed And made by themselves from tweeds woven by them from New Brunswick wools, he said.
At Ten Cents a Yard
A feature of the New Brunswick program has been the promotion of home crafts for girls. In which weaving of tweeds has been particularly successful. The girls are now producing tweeds they are proud to wear fit low pound of wool costing 20 cents producing up to two yards of tweed.
The provincial fashion show will consist of the two top ranking “models” from each country. Dr. Peacock said. He added that ha did not kuow yet Just how they would be selected.
Winter can play havoc with our looks, and an ounce of precaution is better than suffering a red nose, blue lips and coarse, chapped
hands!
Many winter worries are due to a poor circulation. If you suffer from this complaint, get down to a daily routine of exercise. After your bath, sprinkle eau-de-Cologne your hands and rub yourself
down vigorously.
Here is a special morning “bath” which will give you a good send-off for the day. Stand in a foot or so of hot water and give yourself a quick sponge-down with water as hot as you can stand It. Next, still
L route pain mod discomfort Mi reduce fever tike 2 'Aspirin'* _ Tablets—drink • glait of water. Repeat In 2 MM
/
Youngest Fashion Now ! Spring By LOUISE LENNOX
A delightful little dress that tops Its swirling black rayon and crepe ¦ilk pleated skirt with a rayon and ¦ilk print crepe in black and chartreuse fitted blouse. In place of a pocket, it uses a decorative “Tis-ket A Tasket” flowered basket, embroidered in silk floss. Y ou’ll wear it right through spring .	. .
Top the skirt with different blouses and jackets for variety.
Style No. 2893 is designed for sizes 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 32, 34, 86, 38 and 40-inches bust. Size 16 requires 1 5/8 yaids of 3flinch material for blouse; and 4 1/8 yards of 30-inch material for the skirt. Embroidery pattern No. 1705 -cost 15 cents extra.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred )—to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide Si, Toronto.
Name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish. New Spring Fashion Look . . • Just Off the Presses ! New Patterns for cxcry age. every type, every v New ne*-(II

r-

on

2. It threat Is raw from fs cell, crush and dis- Jr solve 3 "Aspirin” Tab- Zv\ lots In Y> class of water ... pq* ) —

x*
cost, one
/

/

the hall.
•imagine seeing you here." Tom Sweeney took her hand in a grasp of pleasure. *‘I m glad to kuow you take time out to play.
“And lm glad to see that you aren’t always the prosecutor." she
laughed. “Are you here for lhe dance?"

Lack Pep?
Do
Eases Pain and Discomfort and Sore Throat Accompanying Co!ds
Almost Instantly
warm
You


, "YOU’LL find that . A you have more i 'ifjf	\ i “pep” If you keep
v . I	.a3" % your digestion in
hope, > » that tho ?f T	food yon eat may be
changed into vim-building energy as nature intended. Dr. Pierce’s Golden |HH|HH|H»lrdica) Diacove
taken multrlf — trade to Improve your
|>rt CthffiBftoBi HT Regrst St., Strilfow#
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly last idief from discomfort and sore throat accompanying colds.
Try it Then -iff rnp doctor. lie probably will tell you to con untie with "Aspirin’ because it acts eo fast to relieve d And to reduce fever.
I sweeten my morning cereal with
BEE HIVESyrip
m because It Is better 1 forme.
Fiery, Itching Skin Gets Speedy Relief
i
Her Own Kind
“No. came out this afternoon to
shoot some golf, played a few holes.
got soaked In the rain, then played
bridge, bad dinner, and now find
some well-
%
forts of a cM.

Write pla’nly your

m
Tills Pimple tific authority, the use of strong cold symptoms. Perhaps the eruiest, most effective way yet discovered.
way, backed by sden-a largely supplanted medicines to eaang

|ler< i« « rlfmm stainless renrtratine *y*i-•rptic now msi^nseil by chcroiMs at trimnf cost, that will bii*-a you *iwly relief iw** the itching and distress of Frstwu. Ib-hiog Toes and Feet. Rushes and skin troubles.
Not only does this great beaflng antiseptic oil promote rapid and healthy hrahn* in
and wounds, but bi ils and aim-» relieved and cleanly the itching of the enivtions ri
.has
It’s time to go home fat-
deserved rest.”
Her disappointment showed in
“Oh—1 thought maybe here for the party.”
well. Dr. Pierre’s Guide» Medial UUrovery helps to pul me oa my feet again. It Mil * firrM>n te sleep bmer at oight, relieves acid
___ Bi I
help to lose you up." Ask your druggist today fur It la lliuld or t-iblets.
i
her face.
te requirement . .
r i
Renaud and Ret z ;
"ASPIRIN"
Cafe'S
• •
. A
true . . . f Fcshion Book • rents.
ou were*
“Not In these clothes," he grin-‘«It’s a t ov gh break for me,
ic floor
engns . .
t
###
u i u

» I
uleers are qui lied. In e skin dW «ma ts insUnlly	;
I un andi acale o/T in a very
is trnt o( > ImIpI IWk “ leniptMiNU v _ A te a Kinemld O# «mR
-five bride
E
dry
nod.
because 1 can’t even go on for a dance.” He grinned into i
nrnrby deserted loung ¦ Wk its msde shadows on the polish-
Send for the f?
4 V
Ad-

•39
Issue No, 5
% a
<r I
The same f) kriim ati<n otp^f i i can nhfD'T)
|M1 < st Adelaide S'
•Ik ill]ZlIftl
order ta l.oui.c
Jrecs
RoonjU
Toronto,
m where dim
\
B

•1
mr<ujith) ## S»f

* t
i;
ii> P
7W
###PAGE###7###
r
* *
required the immediate and serions attention of the apple grower.
gg the recommendation# made te the 7»th annual convention of the fruit Growers* Aeeoctation of On* by George Wtiecn, of Simeon, president
Consumption of apples wee declining “quite rapidly," Mr. Wtleefc »*ld, and It was a problem wfcl*
The United States Is Budding 250 of These Bombers For England
Sunday School Lesson
Jews in Palestine are JMÉM voluntary taxes on cigar**, fp tickets of adml—lea ^ i of entertainment, and Imported vegetables, to funds for security measures.
XT



4TA
LESSON VI
PETE t PREACHES AT PSNTECOST Acts 1: 6-18. 8641 golden Text—Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, smith Jehovah of hosts. Zech, 4î S.
WMflam
This Curious World V.

the lesson in its sejtino
'Time—Pentecost, May 28, A D.
BSElEIISaimSE-s'EsI
long-distance reconnaissance work.
Va
OAUCULATETWCr
&X TO TH7V
\>tSARS wrmour
BIRDS
WOULD BRJNkS
10.
The city j of Jerusalem.
Mac ü—| B—
The Holy Spirit fell upon the dis-
cjploe gathered together In an upper room. The eermon was preach- J od in some large out door area, . I where many people were able to assemble together to hear the word.
Our Lord had told the disciples that they were to tarry In the city of Jerusalem until they should re- • celve power from on high to witness to the great truths which Christ came to establish (Luke 24: 49). The latter part of the chapter preceding our lesson showed the disciples waiting in an upper room for this new enduement of power. They had been waiting for some ten days, from the time of our Lord’s ascension to the dsy of Pentecost.
Pentecost Is the reversal of Babel. The gospel can be told In every tongue that men can speak, and they who hare the Spirit are bound to utter tho wonderful works of God in all languages, for these works bare been wrought for all flesh.
12.	And they were all amazed, and were perplexed, saying one to another, What meaneth this?
13.	But others mocking said. They are filled with new wine. New wine was sweet wine, but nevertheless Intoxicating.
Yellowknife Said I India I» On Side	More Care Needed
Growing Rapidly Of Democracies In Grading Apples
EABrn-f’S entire

4
More rigid grading and holding off the market apples unlikely to give consumer satisfaction, was one

3,500 Claims Were Filed Diring 1938 In Canada’s Most Actively Prospected Gold
May Swing The Balance of Power, Native Girl Declares On Lecture Tour of This Continent
THAT BVrityTHINfr-WOULO BE
SMOTMB&ED <X 0£VOOQ£D. 1
Heiress To Millions
Area.
CAN ATTAINS
Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, was the most actively prospected gold area in Canada during 1938, according to the Department of Mines and Resources, Ottawa. More than thirty mining and prospecting companies were active in the Yellowknife area, as well as scores of individuals, syndicates
and groups.	. mfflÊÈÈÈ
were filed during the year, bringing the total number of claims in the Yellowknife region up to about 5,500.
In the present undeclared war of democracies and dictatorships, India, with one fifth of the globe's population, is clearly on the side of the democracies, Miss Bhlooo Bat-livala, au attractive Indian girl who has come to this continent on â lecture tour, said In an interview. Miss Batlivaia is convinced that India will play an important role ~ in International affairs In the near future and that the weight of her 300,000,000 people may eventually displace the balance of power Is Asia and in Europe.	-
Is Boycotting Japan “In the middle of February, the All-India National Congress, which | governs our Internal affairs, will I meet for its annual session near the town of Jubbaipore,” she said. “It always meets In a village so as to be nearer the people. The federation of all India will be the main
OTTAWA, Canada
:\


4





I ¦ \
Some 3,600 claims

m
LEAVES WE CLUB A1




1,000 People Live There A thriving settlement of more than one thousand people has sprung up at Yellowknife Bay, attracted by the mining development which has taken place during the past three or four years, year a 40-acre townsite was surveyed and subdivided into 126 lets. The townsite now contains forty buildings, and a government radio station maintains constant communication with the outside. Yellowknife is about 800 miles by air from Edmonton, and 600 miles by navigation from Waterways, the end of steel.
With two gold milling plants, several promising developments under way, and numerous gold discoveries scattered over a wide area, Yellowknife has made rapid
in its three years eF
mo
WHEN HfT BV THE
Peter Preaches
14. But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and g pake forth uuto them, saying. Ye of Judaea, and all ye that
THE Massachusetts Institute of Technology has made studies of high-speed phenomena which disclose the curious actions of * golf ball In motion. At the moment of Impact with the club, the ball flattens, remains momentarily pressed against the face, then shoots off Into space.
Mises Helen Winthorpe Weyant, a chorus girl in several Broadway musical shows under the stage name of Winthrop Wayne, will receive an outright bequest of $300,000 and one-third of a fortune estimated to amount to between $30,000,000 and $70,000,000 according to the terms of the will of Col. Jake Rupert, late owner of the New York Yankees. Mise Weyant, a striking brunette in her late thirties, is pictured in her home in New York.
Last
dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you. nnd give ear unto my words.
1.1. For these are not drunken, as ye suppose: seeing It Is but the third hour of the day^WIne was drunk by the Jews with flesh only, and. founding the custom on E*o-dus 16: 8: they ate bread In the morning, and flesh In the evening, and so took no wlue till late In the day. (At the time this astonishing manifestation occurred) It was only nine o'clock In the morning.
16. But this is that which hath been spoken through the prophet Joel:	The words which Peter
quotes at the very beginning ot his
found in Joel 2: 28-
polnt of the agenda, although the delegates are also bounf to speak
Nkm Why de
of the International situation. India Is the country which has the meet effective boycott of Japanese goods, la protest against the aggression in China.”
Gandhi Is still the beloved leader of the Hindus, Miss Batlivala believes, and his ideal of non-violence has not lost any of Its force.
Famous Flyer
21 He won the
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured
aviator JHl Colonel Charles 9 He was the flyer to make a New York to Paris solo flight
14	Surface measurement
15	French mèasuree.
.17 Branches.
15 Distinctive theory.
%
of
HBH9K
a H'iaii a tin row Mwawnmtia
nan nraHiiHsa
¦jSKSpi iiKa a
yiiwiM'îirjinoa
entire w 22 To feci displeasure.
24	Peanut.
25	He has lived
for the
last 2 years. 28, Snaky fish.
. _ _ 29 To dibble.
CÛAT OFI 30 Night before.
32 Sun.
MEXICO ”	«M.
38 Makes lace.
41	Wings.
42	Maxim.
43	To depart kf
progress active existence.
Are You Listening ?
in
A search for mysterious pirate treasure thought to be buried on the uninhabited island of Suwar-row, 900 miles northwest of Tahiti, will be carried out by the and crew of the New Zealand yacht Ngataki.
By FREDDIE TEE
message are
32.
AAMSOF
17. And !'. saall be In the last days, sahh God. 1 will pour forth of my Spirit upon all flesh: And your sons and your daughters shit ! prophesy, and your young men shall visions, and our old men shall dream dreams: 18 Yea and on my serrants and on ray handmaidens in those days will l pour forth of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy. Tho main theme of Peter's ser is the resurrection of Jesus Christ. The apostle first presents the prophecies of the Old Testament that foretell such a resurrection; he then proves that Christ actually did rise from the dead; ,and he concludes by showing the tremendous consequences of such a stupendous, foretold, undeniable
? miracle.
gt. Peter dwells in his sermon, on Christ's person, his sufferings, his
hte ascension, no urpose of ex-tlon, or pre-
ly Ed. Gardener producer of the program. When the show was still in rehearsal form, Gardner suggested 14Archie" as one of the program's characters. There was no actor around to read his lines, so the producer read them himself. He did such a good Job that a clamor Immediately went up from the rest of
the cast and officials that Gardner continue In the And that's
"EXTRA! EXTRA!" ANNOUNCER A voice that once earned 20 cents a night selling newspapers Is now announcing the new “Screen Guild Show," heard over the Columbia network every Sunday from 7.S0 to 8.00 p.m., EST. It is that of John Conte, the 23-year-old announcer, who also serves on the "Silver Theatre” programs heard the same network from 6.00
owner
VERTICAL I Musical note in genie.
1 Part of eye.
S Promontory»
..	4 Lady.
«ToL^W. g Wsifontrtck
!B:	:=•„
oatmeal # Female fowl#.
”izsr'	uSsi'oibMi 5se>*
SStYX SESSh.
3d Soring less	routes.	It Quiet	57 Northeast
wygiL _ 19 He started ouL39 Measure of
The children here spoken of are the children of Israel; but those whom Peter spoke of as 'afar off” must be the Gentiles.
40. And with many other words he testified, and exhorted them, saying, Save yourselves from this crooked generation. When Peter that these were to save them-
see
flyer.
boat.
40 God of war. 44 Aside.
46 To paint w#
10 God of sky.
21 Maintains.
23 Having
markings Hke
letters.
2d Behold.
If Yields.
61 Opposite of winning.
35 To depart
44	Sound of surprise.
45	Monkey.
46	Placé where • race ends.
47	In.
45 To oale.
50 Mining shall

mon
over
to 6.30 p.m., EST, on the same day.
Conte Is a native of Palmer, Maas , but received his schooling In Los Angeles;
the place where he used to be a newsboy. fÊ/Êt he says that selling newspaper# is excellent training for announcing, he admits that
role.
how Gardner also became actor "Archie." Other eg u i a r 1 y featured p e r f o rmers om “This Is New York ' Include Leith Stevens and him 35-plece orchestra and the Lyn Murray Chorus. Different Ed. Gardner guests, both prominent and otherwise, but all closely Identified with life In New York, appear on the program, each week. The series is heard every Sunday over the WABC-Columbla network, 8.00 to 9.00 p.m., EST.
selves from RH**crooked generation" he means that the ffme would when the wickedness and crookedness of the world in general, already manifest In his generation, would be Judged, and men would be saved from such Judgment only If they were safe In Jesus Christ.
41. They then that received his
and there



r
hut.

i*


come
that's






1

1
WhUe


mm
*

m

resurrection, longer Indeed for the n siting the Jewish irai dieting its triumph, hut to point i purely spiritual lesson.
36. Let all the house of Israel therefore know assuredly, that God hath made him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom ye crucified. What Peter appeals for hero is that those who are listening to him, the Jewish people, should know assuredly that Jesus was not what he was Judged to be, a criminal worthy of death, but the Christ of God. entitled to their worship and adoration.




word were baptised :
added unto them in that day about three thousand souls.
were
selling "commercials" Is much more lucrative John Conte than selling "extras". Besides, he claims, you meet a better class of people.
Forty-Pound Wolf Shot Near Chesley

George Jacklin, a farmer I just a few miles west of Ches- I ley, shot a large timber wolf I near his home. The animal I weighed about 40 pounds and I Mr. Jacklin shot it when the I dogs, which were running rah- I bits, chased it. The wolf had I been seen a few days ago in I Brant Township, close to where I * shot, at Monk's bush, I Mr. Jacklin's home on the | 12th concession of
Township. A bounty will be placed on the animal.
NO ROLLING STONE, HE Frank Munn, tenor star of NBC’s Waltz Time show, Is far from being a rolling stone. He has been on the air for 16 consecutive years, lived in one place for over 20 years, and eaten at th& same Manhattan restaurant for some 12 years.
NEW MOTOROLA AUTO RADIO The Canadian Radio Corporation, Toronto, announce an assortment of outstanding automatic push-button Motorola automobile radios for 1939 at surprisingly new low prices. The advantage of Just pressing a button and having a station respond instantly eliminates the necessity of the driver taking his eyes off the road to have to turn a knob to tune In. Every Motorola 1939 model has this new pushbutton automatic feature.
"Repent Ye"
Acts 2; 37-41. 37. Now when they , heard this, they were pricked in . their heart, and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles. Brethren. what shall we do? A sharp knife had been struck into their hearts as Peter relentlessly and mercilessly drove home the fact of their responsibilities for the death of the Son of God. They were smithy hts words In the power of th' Holy Spirit.
38.	And Peter said unto them, Repent ye. and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ unto the remission of yonr ||||j||||||||||||jjj|||jl||||||||||||i*liiailI receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. The ^answer given by Peter lays down two conditions. and points to two giffe Repentance and baptism in lhe name of Jesus are the require-
Remisslon of sins and the
Holy Spirit are the gifts.
39.	For to you is the promise, end to your children, and to all that are afar off. even as many aa the Lord our God shall call unto him. The promise here relates to the gift of the Holy Spirit, but the Holy Spirit Is to be given only to those who have acknowledged the Lord Jesus Christ
"ARCHIE"
"Archie", whose heckling of guest performers and accounts of golngs-iu "Duffy’s Bar and Grill" have made him a stand out on the CBS series. "This is New York," is real-
no a r
Brant
on
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Anything Salty Goes Over Robin’s Left Shoulder
WHENEVER t UPSET THE SALT;
ten
MV LEFT SHOULDER 1
I THROW IT OVE
¦ %
1V1 vEfty
SUPERSTITIOUS

I
O
•ins: and ye
)
n

)

v>

9
J,
ment?
!
¥
S
###PAGE###8###
Service Announcement
Educational Week, February 6th to 11th
Shàwvillb United Church
Rev. A. F Foxes B. A., B.D. PAStor
Sunday, February IS
11.00 a m . Service at Shaw ville 1.30 p.m , Service at Zion 3.00 p.m.. Service at Stark’s Corners.
Subject : “Merrily we roll along"; In* stalment two on some implications of modern events.
Savings in Heavy Clothing
Items Under This Heading are Contributed by Shawville High School
Why I Am Going to High School
Throughout Canada February 5th to 12th is Education Week
Students Overcoats fully lined and interlined, in heavy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at.....................................
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirts, “Deacon make", in navy scarlet and wine, sizes 14 1-2 to 17 1-2................................
Parent* Invited for Open Session
On Saturday afternoon, Febiuary 11th, there will be an open session in the High School, Shawville.
There will be a display of class work in the different rooms. Parents arc invited to come to the school after two o’clock.
At three o’clock, the Principal will give a demonstration of some interesting lessons in science.
The Women’s Institute will serve afternoon tea for a nominal charge later in the afternoon.
7.30 p.m , Service at Shawville
Subject : “Is it any use to pray about things Î ” x
(By Gwenneth Shaw)
. $9.50
This week is set apart for the consi leration of the many phases of education in its relation to the public. Li the Province of Quebec at this time we are moat interested in the proposed changes and alteration in the present set up. In the fall of 1937 a committee of Educationalists were authorized to make a complete survey of Protestant Education in the Province of Quebec. They worked through the session 1937* 38 and in the fall of 1938 their findings were made public in a lengthy report. This report merits consideration. They have brought out many points. Their recommendations are set forth for the considérâtien of the public and for action by the Protestant Committee of the Council of Education. The changes which they propose will, they hope, bring an improvement in the system without increasing the cost It is only natural that we should be interested in getting the most for our money.
Our school isopen 190days each year. Our course offers training in the fundamentals of the different branches of
One of the reasons why I am going to High School is to acquire knowledge to fit me to take my place afterwards in life—it may be as a teacher or a nurse— in whatever place it may be I am deriving much benefit from these school .	1 meet other pupils who come
from towns and places where they have
With some of these, instances, I form friendships
BrihTvL United Church C. Akmstrong-Saleh, B. D
Sunday, February 18
St. Andrew's Service at 10 30 u “ Sunday School 11.30 ¦¦¦¦¦I Service 2 30
Service at 7.30
$1.25
Austin Knox
Sermon Subject : ' A suit of clothes/'
days
Bob Morris Winter Caps,, heavy cloth, some with ear bands............................
Horsehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb..
Woollen Work Socks
High School
no
m some
which may last through life. I learn to compete with them in my studies. I enjoy the games in which I take part during recreation hours, realizing that 1 sometimes win, often lose, and this helps
to fit me for the ups and downs later in My First Impression of the game of life.
In High School my subjects are varied ;	1 have English Literature,
which gives me a large choice ot books
by noted authors. These b »«-ks have ||ow excited I was as 1 was departing been selected by persons who know for Hjgh Scbool , ()f eouree 1 WM A
wlmt should appeal to me. lh' >v I	down hearted because I was leav-
read and we discuss them and then 1 jj borne. “But", I said to myself, “it can give my own impressions ot them. won t be long before I make friends
In my History course 1 learn t - m wjtb somebody, and I won’t be lonesome great men. We are all mutators and as a more.;
1 read the story of the lives of these \\’hen I arrived at school, I thought great men, I try to follow and impr.»\e eV€rybody was staring at me, and 1 on their work. I learn the events ot to my8e)ft “]t won’t be so easy after
$1.00
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. G. Newman, M A ,B D
Sunday, February 12
It.00 a m.—Service at Wesley 2.30 p. m —Service at Bristol 7 00 p. m.—Seivice at Yarm
65cts.
Hlgù School
.. 25 cts.
######
( By Clara Szuntheimer. ) Grade VIII
ANGLICAN
Sunday, February 12
St. Paul's
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity 3.CO p m. Evening Service
St. Luke's Service Withdrawn
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
on their work	.. ....... ^	.........
days gone by, for instance, I under an » % 80on found out that my school stand better this Canada of ours when inate8 were friendly, and that th I learn of the deeds and hardships of the	- .
early settlers.	^ ievev avi
i study languages snch as Latin and ]î“v®’"~rnuch
French. ------------- ------------- ---- ZLI LZ Z...........................,
the English language, as many « t uur |l08tU(jy % expected the same in grade words come from Latin anti rrench.
ey were
Shawville Bakery
not so bad as I thought.
In grade seven I used to enjoy my
There are, however, improve
learning
ments that can be made in the applka
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, February 12 10.30 a.in , Service at Greermount 2.30 p.m , Service at Charteris
/
anguages snen as naun auu He]f very much. We had hardly any These are interwoven with b0inc-work to do and not many lessons
The
tion of much of this learning
necessity of preparing for set examinations limits the scope of the teacher and has a narrowing effect upon our efforts. We should seek preparation for life ather than preparation for examinations
worus come irons wmn 1,vllvu* eight. But it could not be so. The Many of the prefixes and suffixes co.me j subjects were harder; we had more from Latin and it l know the meaning borne-work and I tbought I would never
of these I understand better xs h ü I be able to study all the lessons we had. read. It is very beneficial to know tbe ., hk(.d A)gebr#i b,„ \ ,ti(ln-t think lhere
trench language m this Province a* the w#s „ny 8an«e ,0 it< 80 , asked the
myority of the population is r renca. teacher why we took it. She said it 1 also study Science, for example, *o develop* our minds. I thought
Hus science is very inter- ^at was a good reason. I liked French, vsting as I learn the rcallion ot it to the AU(j tjie History was interesting ; hut
* w .i.b.... «... scrzi (.CS'.A-r;	r.L“f, af ±
ing and promotion of pupils. I ne with the industries ot our country.	with Composition.
Principal is responsible for the classifies- Lastly, but not least. I .study Mathe These impressions, however, lasted tion of the pupils in the school. Great unties, Geometry and . A W >ra for on]y a fcw days. The Teacher ex-
«. -h..»u... ..b. ™ a. ?,rri b,*i"d	****
and training of teachers. Then they closely connected to it should be left free to do the very best In order to enter a University or to
they can for tbe all round development g° in *° a,ny ,°f	\ T*
...	,	• i i	have the fundamentals of these studies.
of the child in school.	And so to get the nght start in life I gQ
to High School
For a tasty loaf try
Cards of Thanks
1
Some type of tests are essential but the present system of June Examinations .is expensive ami wasteful of Well trained teachers vith cx-
Shawville Bread
We wish to express our thanks to all those who rendered such fine assistance in fighting the fire which threatened our farm residence on Sunday evening.
G. A. Howard & Sons.
Chemistry
effort
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Origin of the National Grange
On January 13, I860, Oliver H. Kelley started on a trip through the South during which he conceived the idea of a fraternity of farmers to restore agriculture and unite North and South. The first meeting of the founders was held on November 15, 1367. for the purpose of organizing an order of agriculture in the United States. On December 4, 1867, a formal session was held at Washington and the National Grange was organized and officers elected.
that I soon began to like Geography, but I can't say that I like Composition even
yet
jWBlBBBBlIBBBIBWBfBnfBfBBIBWBmilBBBBnniBflHEUSIBBIBm
I made friends with some of the girls, and now I would't leave High School very quickly person cannot be successful without working hard.
I have found out that a
DALE’S TINSHOP
Educational Week opens With Service
A Settler in Red River
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
My First Impressions of High School
The opening of Educational Week | Writes Home in Shawville took place with a largely attended community religious service in the United Church on Monday evening.	( By Poroihy Hobbs)
The service was in charge of the Princi*	Grade VI
pal, |v l. Douglas, the scripture w 1» ( [t jg ejeven years since we came to our read by A ice-principal, Jame> G-Tilm, ^ew country. There was no accomo-and prayers were offered hy Jack Tol-, dation for U9 on our arrival. Our men huist. A cbmr ot abmit CO xoices led i maje nlje sbc|ter8 for first winter
the singing with Miss Lois Hayes a j and during the winter built flat-bottom tbe console of the CiCCtriv organ. Ihv ej boats for our seven hundred and address of the evening was given by ; twenty m|ie trip to the Red River. Our Mr. Douglas who give a lucid account I men buih Fnrt Douglas and Fort Baer, of the school system of tbe Provmce of 1 Buffalo were very plentiful, and we Quebec, and pointed out many of the found many uses for it. We were glad changes and improvements suggested in - ofthegkjnstok u, Wftrm and we
the recent report of tbe Commission I uged tfae mMt for food that has had under survey all phases of, Wg were lad tc wî|eome friend8 from
school administration from the Board home Two parties of about a hundred of Education in Quebec to the teachers and tw#n, ,e eame lhat year. At
and scholars Of the individual school. fir8t th<f y^thwesters were friendly Announcing that the eniolment of the	th thought that we would
Shawville school was 298, Mr Douglas	be 8tayin a short time. But
urged the sympathetic support of the wh'n they realized that we were de school staff by the parents of the , om- termined to face the hardships and re rnun.ty. Rev A. F. Pokes spoke briefly ^ain they showed their unfriendliness of the spirit of co-operation that ought Governor MacDonell ordered the Metis to exist between the church and the not to hunt furs or buffalo in Aseiniboia. school as the atm of each is complemen- Thjs goon brought war. In time tary one fo the other , and Rev. T. h. ooveroor MacDonell bad to move out R. Nurse spoke briefly from the point of ,fae territ Governor Semple was of view of the parents and pointed out appointed officer in charge. In th« tbe value of some of the improvements	we were altackcd b y\be Metis,
suggested in the report that might be Govcrnol.	and ,wcn,y.0ne of his
introduced into our local school, ^n were killed. When Lord Selkirk Taken all together the meeting was an ^ back he arrested the leaders and excellent start for Education week, had ,hem 8ent ro Montreal for trial, which will continue until ..aturday Through bis kindly disposition he made night, February 11th.	a treaty with tne Indians for their land.
.—" •:	. „ .	_ It is with the deepest regret that we
My Favorite Subject in School bave learned of the death of Lord
Selkirk. We have many things to remember him by — His churches, his schools and roads. He was a real friend to us. But we hope our trouble with the Indians is over.	«
(By Mary Griffin) Grade VIII
Kuvasz Hunting Dog Was
Product of Transylvania
The Kuvasz dog was originated sometime in the Fifteenth century by the nobility of Transylvania and was used for hunting in the mountains of that country. For the last few centuries the breed has been used extensively in Hungary as a shepherd and is often referred to as the “Hungarian Sheepdog,” according to George Berner in the Washington Post.
In disposition, they are very friendly, will never pick a fight with man or animal but when aroused or when they are guarding the flock they can be vicious and well able to give a good account of themselves.
The word “Kuvasz” means “Armed Guard.” The breed is uniform in type and general appearance. They are either white or ivory in color. The ccat is long and wavy and the tail is carried low, even when the dog is excited. When grown they are about 27 inches at the shoulder and weigh about 100 pounds.
A large, powerful, muscular dog, he is keen to his surroundings, always on the alert and ever ready to be of service in guarding his mastei or his master’s property.
I hid always looked forward to the time when I would be far enough advanced to attend High School year my wishes have materialized, as this is my first year at Shawville High School.
After spending a number of years attending Rural Schools which consisted of one room I was impressed when I came here
on the first day of September, I admired the High Brick building which comprised a large basement and two storeys in which there were several rooms.
I remarked the spacious playground, where we could spend many enjoyable recreations together ; also tbe electric lights which are very convenient, especially, during the short autumn days.
Maple Syrup Equipment
This
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
When I arrived at school
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Iron Coolers,
\
Spoils,
I also thought our classroom was very well equipped. It contains about forty single desks, and a large- clock at the back which is certainly very useful. We have many maps, a globe, charts, pictures, and good blackboards.
Of course High School work does not apply only to the building and equipment, but also to the Course of Study. This I found by no means easy to follow. However, I was very much pleased with this course of study. The subjects, which 1 found altogether different from those I had taken last year, are very interesting.
I did not have any trouble with some subjects, while others were quite difficult and required a great amount of studying
In conclusion, I must state that my first four months at High School have been pleasant ones, and in my opinion, my amount of knowledge has increased very much. I hope that the latter part of the year will be just as successful, so that my first impressions may be lasting ones.
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.
BRAY CHICKS
ike
Reductions on
Memorials

(By Marion Wright) Grade VIII
My Mother
( A Pupil in Grade VIII )
I had a mother very dear,
For whom I’ve shed more than one tear Who, for me has so much done,
Now to the other world has gone.
When I was a baby she took care of me Kifwed, and caressed, and chided me ;
But her on earth no more shall 1 see, Till we meet again on tho other sea.
In heaven where the angels singf And God, the Almighty, is the King, We shall meet again and never part, And there she will bold me close to her heart.

in
My favourite subject in school is
This subject deals with
Pby
machinery and fluids, and the units by which we measure everything.
The system of measuring which we use in Physics is the Metric system
e:t;	^ ^
from one denomination to another.	Grade V1
This system was adopted by France in When we study Geography the 1793 and has since been in nse for exact teacher has a large map on the wall on work in many countries.	which all the important places and
We have studied how the hydraulic industries are pointed out. All the press works and the construction and important features as rivers, mountains, operation of the lift pump.	plains and forests are located. The next
We are now studying the effects of day we have to go to the map and show heat on solids, gases and liquids. Solids where these things are. Then we have expand when heated. This has to be questions to answer in writing. If our considered when great bridges are con- work is perfect we get a star, structed over wide spans. All gases ex- We make project maps of the country pand by the same rate for each degree or part which we are studying. We cut in temperature. This is not so with out pictures from travel guides and liquids. Water, for instance, when paste them below the map. We mark heated from freezing to 39 degrees, con- tbe industries, products and exports, tracte, and then begins to expand until We indicate the plains, mountains, boiling point is reached.	I rivers and cities. When we have
All these facts are interesting to know studied a country in this way we are and their explanation makes the things] ready for a test to see what we remem around us seem more real and useful
Marble and Granite
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg â Poultry Association BRISTOL, ODD
How I Study Geography
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable » memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
Shawville High School Tie Aylmer School in Hockey
In a close and exciting hockey game played on the Aylmer rink on Saturday, February 4th, Shawville High School played a 3 -3 overtime tie with Aylmer High School. Rayraie Lynch, Dean Foxes and Bruce Findlay were the Shawville scores.
A return game will be played in the
near
The Shawville team Kilgour ; defence, Billy Shore and Ray Hobin ; forwards, Dean Pokes, John Brough, Raymie Lynch ; sub#, Macî<ean, Bruce Findlay, Ear} (jhi Keith Hudgins.
Nature
(By a Pupil in Grade VIII)
I love the roses That bloom in spring,
And the many birds,
That all day sing.
I love to wander in the woods,
To hear the murmur of the brooks, As they go dashing on their way, Never ceasing any day.
I love to watch each twinkling star That shines so bright Always in the night Up in the sky so far.
¦¦lin Memoriam ¦¦
Barber—In loving memory of a dear husband and father, Bruce Barber, who was accidently killed, February 10th, 1937.
We mourn the loss of one so dear Our hearts are sad today, .
To think the one we loved so dear Was so quickly called away.
Wipe and Family
y
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.

Goal — Gilly
John
rrety.
be r

