###PAGE###1###
($1.30 per annum In A I 2.00 to the United St
dvenec
tatee
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COÜNTÏ’, QUE., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 19.19
No 17. 57tu Ybab
GEORGES CARON fGOWLING
! BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Thi* old relinbltt school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
w. i. comme,
President
Red Cross Eye Clinic for Shawvllle and District
Bristol’* Biggest Bazaar will b*‘ held on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, October 17th, IHtli
Shawville Hardware
e. a., e.c. l.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell # Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
and
On October 10th, the Junior He I Close of the Province of Quebec i« opening Eye Clinics for the children in this vicinity. 80 numerous have been the request* of paient* for the examination of their child ren’s eyes that the Junior Red Cross Committee felt that it MmkNq* more Mailt interest» to hold local clinics, h
Through the co operation of the School Board space ha* been pro* vided in the Shawville High School and at this centre it 1» hoped that not only the children of the High School but as many of the Clare idon School» as possible will be examined.
A clinic will also be held In Lidy-smith at School No. 4, for children attending Thorne and Leslie Schools. All children examined muet biing a consent signed by their father il living. In the more Isolated schools such conditions running earn, and diseased tonsils will also be listed and reported to the right authority.
Dr. J. V. V. Nicholls, an eye specialist from Montreal will be in charge. The Department of Protestant Education has endorsed this work and Inspector McArthur and the School Boards of Shaw-ville Clarendon, Leslie and Thorne and Principal Dough»* are co oper»
» ting whole heartedly. Dr McDowell and Dr. Powle< of Shawville have also endorsed this pro jeet.
The reason* for this service are threefold In order that sight and hearing may be conserved, treatment must be provided before ear and eye condition* become acute. It is hoped too that fcnese clinics will awaken all members to the necessity of guarding those precious possessions, sight and hearing. A person, whether child or adult, whose sight and hearing	Vi,
"uySeï/aUroTtwi l?f"aod might Rev. K Sohie, of L»dr»»jtb
will do something to	_d»n*ht«r of Mr. and Mrj.
19th
Chickkn Supper — The Ladies Holy Trlnty Church Guild, Rndfoid, will hold a Chicken Supper in the parish hall on Friday, Oet. 20th.	-	'
Suppkr — The Girls’ St. Pstll’e Anglican
of
Aladdin Lamps
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE.
Chicken
mm, y wüummipi
church, ShawvlHàr1 will hold a Chicken Supper, Friday evening, October 27 th.
Austin United Women's Association will hold a sale of home cooking and fancy work at the corner Drug Store on Saturday, Oct. 14th, commencing at 3 o'clock.
A meeting of the Shawville Badminton Club will be held in the High School on Thursday evening, Oct. 12th, at 8 00 o'clock, for the purpose of reorganizing the club. All In te es ted are requested to attend.
practical and in of the children
Sletxlet of y oxxtlac
SHAWVILLE
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
EVELYN M. PALMER, LD.C.M.
Twcher ef Mam,, YKwry of Huale and Hamemy
Protect your eyes and use
JAMES A. MILLAR
LL.L,
ADVOCATE, ARRISTER.ctc.
189 Main St
At PontiacHouse, Shawville, every Wednoadey aflernooB.
AI Moyle's Hotel, Campbell'* Bay, every Wednesday morning.
I wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong’s residence, Main Street, Shawville, on Tuesday of each week.
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.60 and up
B. A
• •
Hull,Que*
•t
*9
Phone 22-14.
A Dedication Service will be held at North Onslow United Church on Sunday, Oct. 15, at 1 30 p. m On Tuesday evening following n chicken supper and sale of sewing and knitting will be held. Supper served from 5 to 9. mission, 85 and 20 cents.
Starks Corners United Church are holding their annual chicken supper in the new church hall on Thursday evening, October 19th. Supper served from 6.00 p. m, followed by a brief programme. Prices 85 and 20 cents. Proceed* in aid of the hall debt
The Elmside Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Geo. Meldrtim, on Wednesday afternoon, Oct. 18th, at two o’clock. Progrsm — Talk by May Municipal Laws. Roll Call J| | raiera of Canada since Confederation.
Shooting Matvh — Under the auspices of Lid y smith O. Y. B., No. 818, a shooting match for turkey*, geeee and chickens, will be held at Ladysmith on Friday, Oct. 20tb, commencing at 12 o'clock noon. In the evening a dance will be held in the hall. Admission, 25 cents.
Eloquent speeches will be delivered by able Statesmen at Bristol’s Biggest. Bazaar, October
Full line of supplies always on hand
17th
Ad
ÊÀRLAND 0. ROWAT

DIED
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Died — At Shtwville Community Hospital, on Monday, October 9th, 1989. Sarah Ellen Watson,	1
beloved wife of Wm. Woods, in | Oefkk — In the 0. F.Hodgins Building her 48th year. The funeral wee held on Wednesday afternoon, from the late home of the de-	__
ceased at McKee, Que , toIShaw- J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
ville United Church and Maple Grove Cemetery.
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Main Street, Que.
Advocate, Barrister,
Solicitor, etc.
Ornor: Campbell's Bay, Que.
or on - Pre*
Good Feeding
married
(IiV Lawn Block)
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL.B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Ponfcia House, Shawville, Que e *ery Friday evening.
Britain Plans Food Purchases
of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Yach, also Ladysmith.	# _	.
3 The bride, given in marriage by her father, wore a white satin
and the facte gathered will provide a useful indication of how much such a service Is needed in other part* of the province.
All examinations will be made
Cross only children who are members of the Junior Red Cross organization can attend. If satie-factory information is provided, the Junior I Cross will also supply glasses tor indigent child
ren.	„	_ .
Clinics will be arranged ns fol
Shawville High School, Oct. 16fch and 17th, at 9a m .for the pupils of the School.	X,
School No 4, Lad y smith,-for all Leslie and Thorne Schools on Oct 18th.
th
Therefore it is important that "Good Feeding” be the watch word of every farmer in order to produce highest quality foodstuffs .j
Britain will look to Canada for Bason, Earns, Lard, Butter, Eggs, Wheat, Cheese, etc

her father, wore a white satin
£rSVSk~ DONAT.L„« ®UERR,ER
Edna Za'dmrias. Denzil and Theo	Notary Public
ZimmerltiSbrother* of the bride,
RHE as bsnpMpHHEBi Following the ceremony, a sup per was held at the home of the bride’s parents, and later in the evening a reception was held for the couple.
Mr. and Mrs Yach will reside at Lviysmith.
Agricultutal Suppl 1—
8. R Norris Hod gins, of Macdonald College, bas recently been appointed secretary of the agricultural supplies committee, under the chairmanship of A. M Shaw.
Mr. Hod gins is assistant professor of English and Journalism at Macdonald College.
Bellevue, Que., and English pub Hoist for the Quebec Department <>t Agriculture.
Mr. Hod gins is the son of Mr.
E, T. Hodgins, former secretary • treasurer of Shawville and Clarendon, and was educated at the
¦HHUkool here, Albert College,	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
Belleville, Ont, Calgary Collegiate \ ShawvUte High School, for as Institute and McGill University, many of the Clarendon Schools as Mr. Hodgios has had wide ex per possible on October 19th and 20th. ience in practical farming and Inspector McArthur will notify agricultural journalism.	all Elementary Schools which are
to attend.
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
en
Branch at Qoyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondance
Ste Anne de
etc.
R. MILLER WALLACE
• •
AVOCAT » BARRISTER
I
O’Hara-Harris
The marriage of Miss Beulah Alice Harris, daughter of Mr. W.
<1 Harris and the late Mrs. Harris, of Sbitw ville, Que., to Mr. Roland Wood* O’Hara, eon of Mr. aud Mrs. George B. O'Hara, of Ottawa, was solemnized at three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, Oct 7th, at 112 Argyle avenue, Ottawa, the home of the bridegroom’s parents/ Rev. Robert Gamble officiated.
Mise Norma O’Hara played the wedding music.
The bride, given in marriage by her father, wore an afternoon frock of petal blue with navy ac ressortes, and a shoulder bouquet of Premier roses aud forget-me-
"lîdsa Helen Wall, as bridesmaid, black wool ensemble, with
il» MAIN STRUT
PHONE, Î--22

HULL. QUEBEC
We Stock Royal Purple Products
At ProudfooVs Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Oyster Shell Iodized Salt Lice Powder Sulpher Saltpetre Cough Powder
Calf Meal,
Protein Concentrate, Stock Specific, .Poultry Specific,
Hog Tonic,
Laying Mash,
St. Pael’e Ladies' Guild
Uaion Ratissais Candidate
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 DreeuBoad Medical Building Drummond Street
The Ladies’ Guild of 8t. Paul s Church met at the Rectory ou Thursday afternoon to begin their Fall and Winter session.
The <president, Mrs. T K. R. Nurse presided, with the secretary Mrs. W. E Shaw giving a report covering the tiret six months of the year. Plans were discussed for the Fall work with the ladies deciding to meet weekly until the end of the year. The date for the annual bazaar was set for Friday, December l*t. Following the business session a social hour was spent after which refreshment» were served by the hostess.
Thomas McCool, Hraber and pulpwood merchant of Sheenboro, was chosen official Union Nationale candidate for Pontiac in the forthcoming Quebec Provincial elec* tk>ns at a convention held at Campbell’» Bay on Friday of. last week
The vote of the convention which was attended by 122 delegatee representing every inuuici. nality of the county was as follower McCool, 118 ; William Bolam, of Campbell’s Bay, 2; Notary Donat LeGnerrier, of Campbell s Bay 2
Immediately after the voting, Mr. Bolam and Mr. LeGnerrier declared their desire to make the convention unanimous, and they would be 100 percent, behind Mr. McCool during the electoral campaign.
a A lex H. Horner, of Shawville, president of Pontiac County Union Nationale Association, who himself retired from the candidacy in favor of Mr. Cool, presided, and introduced the speakers. Members of the credential committee were R P/Eades, L. McNally, Howard Mulligan and Notary Le Guerrier. Mr. McCool# nomination was sponsored by John Argue, of Shawville: Raoul Poesin, Mayor of Fort Coulonge, and Gilbert Hayes, of Sheenboro-
Accepting the nomination, Mr. McCool said, “I am not a politician I’m a farmer and a lumberman and I 1 think you all know roe in this county of Pontiac. You know that I'm a large employer of labor and that I’m a staunch friend of the French-speaking residents of this district. I believe that yon all know that I’m an honest and a fair man and will represent you in Quebec to the best of my ability.
Supporting speakers were, Alex, «ache, KO.; J- Noel Beauchamp, K.Ü., of Hull ; Reginald Plimsoll, K.C., of Montreal ; R P. Endes, of Shawville.	*•
MONTREAL, ’QUE.
SLATE AM S3S •
wore a______ m
matching accessories, and a corsage bouquet of American Beauty roses. Mr. Wyman Harris, of Montreal, brother of the bride, was best man.
Following the ceremony a te ception was held. Later the bride and bridegroom left to spend their honeymoon at St. Jovite. The bride donned a navy blue woo coat for travelling. They will
reside in Ottawa.
Among the guests from out of town werei Mr. and Mrs. J. C Cregan, Mr. and Mis. W. A. Harris. Mr. and Mrs. W. Dalh-. Mi s Grace Harris, allot Montreal ; Mr and Mrs. Archie Harris, Pembroke;
and Mrs. Andrew Sly. Mr and Mrs. T. 8 Harris and Mr. W. C. Harris, all of Shawville.
0Q. WALLACE J. W. NODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE. M
Dr. Bell’s Remedies
Dr. Bells Distemper and Cough Powder
“ Worm and Indigestion Remedy
“ Extract Lotion
Kidney and Blood Powder
Fall Activltle.
a
BU AIR 3ÎI?
The Radford A Y.P.À., iuet in the parish hall on Friday evening. A large group of the young people and a number of guests were present and plans for the Fall activities were drawn lip. These are to include a hallo ween party and young people’s rally, under the auspices of the Radford branch, which will be held early in November. A three-act play to be staged later in the season.
The following members were chosen as a committee to make the necessary arrangements i Misses Mary Brownlee, Dora Hanna, Ro bina Wallace. Eleanor Horner and Mrs. Mary Badee, also Messrs. Thomas Wallace and Grant Bades. Badminton 1 and other ^ games joyed until 10 80 p. m., which hour the young people served refreshments to the gathering.
44
D. J. CAMPBELL
44
Veterinary Surgeon
•HAWVILLK xJ
Phenes I,
Mr
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Linseed Meal, Oil of Tar, Epsom Salts,
Bitter Aloes
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phoni 1»
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night Monday nigh of each week.
Domra wen, Calumet Island

The annual convention of Pontiac County Religions Education Council is being held at Dun raven, Calumet Island, on Monday, Octo ber 16th. There will be two ses, «ions, the afternoon at 2 80 and the evening at 7.30 An excellent program with talks on Sunday School methods ; the relation of the home to the Sunday School, etc., will be given. Supper ter red by the ladles of the church.
Every Sunday School of the county is invited to send two dele gates and to have as many others come ms they wish. Everybody is
invited,
at
to
were en
W. A. Hodgins, LI’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
The Semi annual Meeting of the Womens Institutes, of Pontiac
Eye, Ear, Nese aad Threat Specialist

Quebec
Shawville
County will be held at Pine Ix>dg#>, Bristol, on Thursday, October 12, commencing at 10 a m. The Bristol Busy Bees Institute will be h os tes-A good attendance is hoped
«B0ICM. sers awn n,» &
OTTAWA, - ONT. vneai, f- rm

for.


1I-
###PAGE###2###
Tb« postmaster genera! is empowered “to examine such mail® he tfetme advisable and to decide the disposition of all letter# and other articles found objectionable from a censorship standpoint. '
No point in Florida is more thap 100 miles from the shore.
Censor Mail»
Roosevelt Calls For Neutrality Act Revision
Predicts The War Will Kill “Swing”
Sunday
School
Lesson
\ «

Censorship powers had already been vested in the postmaster general, Hon. Norman A. McLar-ty, it was revealed when the order-in-council authorising tu# censorship was tabled in the Commons at Ottawa.
ms

HRH
%
Well-known Orchestre Leeder Says the Reaction Against



!.. U
%


ready Set In

The European war It going to be the death of swing music, according to Isham Jones.
Jones has been directing some of the hottest bands on this continent for the last 20 years and be has been swinging It with the beet.
Tm preparing," he said, "to work out a new orchestral setup before my band reopens in New York, adding several violins In anticipation of the predicted trend away from swing.
People Went Rein Eeeed
"The reaction already Is beginning to set In, and I think the coming of war is going to hasten the return of the ballad, of sweeter music, of more harmony and less rhythm.
"À world shocked by the daily horrors of war will want music that eases the pain of It rather than hopped up Jasz. The change has begun. The Jitterbug craze has reached its peak and will pass before spring."
j This Curious World
By WHIiam
Ferguson

#
i

LESSON 11

THE FORERUNNER OF THE KING—Matthew 3 Printed Text, Matt. 3:1-17 Golden Text.—Make ye ready the way of the Lord, make hie paths straight... Matt. 3:3.
Approximately thirty years have elapsed between the close of the second chapter of Matthew’s Goepel and the events now described in our lesson, those days cometh John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea, saying. 2. Repent ye; for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. The word “repent" means a change of inner thought or purpose. John implied that the kingdom of heaven (a spiritual realm) was at hand on earth, right there In Palestine, heaven includes all those subjects who yield to the rule of heaven. It is found first in the hearts of men.
mmka



* U
are: THE. WORLD'S

c
$1 MOST WIDELY DISTRIBUTED




i
V &



1. And in

«es
t r,
X






MM
LANDS TO ICELAND FOUND IN DEEP FORESTS, ARID

e • •
•-Î

The kingdom of
< f^
WATER. PONDS, AND MARSHES.
AND SPEND THEIR. UVES UNDERGROUND, IN TREES,
THE WORD
H
President Roosevelt is shown as he addressed the special joint session of congress, which was called to discuss the American Neutrality Act* The president urged that the Neutrality Act be put on a cash and carry basis. Seated behind the president is the Speaker of the House, William
Watch Y our Heart After Middle Age
AND ON THE SURFACE.
Voice In The Wilderness
3.	Per this is he that was spoken of through Isaiah the prophet, saying. The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make ye ready the way of the Lord, Make his paths straight. Since Malachi <460 to 430 B.C.) four centuries had passed without a prophet coming forward to lead Israel. Through John God sent a message to the nation, breaking the silence.
4.	Now John himself had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his food was locusts and wild honey. 5. Then went out unto him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the reg on round about the Jordan. The message of God's authority stirred every place and every one. 6. And they were baptized of him in the river Jordan, confessing their sins. The rite of baptism served as a sign of changed life, and the washing away of sins. Its value here depended on the cleanness of the heart.
Baptism By Fire
7. But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadduccees coming to his baptism, he said unto them, Ye offspring of cipers, who warned you to flee from the wrath to come? John describes “the coming wrath” as threatening God’s enemies, including impenitent Jews. 6. Bring forth there-ftre fruit worthy of repentance: 9. and think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God'is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham. Many of these people were trusting to their Jewish blood for a favorable standing before God. John says there must be a change in one's outward life if one’s heart is really repentanc pen ta nee.
10. And even now the axe lieth at the root of the trees: every tree therefore that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. The axe falls after the death of Christ 11. ? indeed baptize you in water unto repentance : but he that comoth after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in fire. John speaks of Christ as one who brings us into contact with the melting, cleansing, vitalizing fire from God. Without him it will never purify our souls. We need more than outward washing —we need inward cleansing by
IS A AVCXZ/V L WHEN ACCENTED
OTP

\
ON THE F/RST

B. Bankhead.

S>1^LA&LjE, and a 1/ER&, when the/
Dr. John W. S. McCullough writes: "By the time definite heart signs appear, be It pain, tightness under the sternum (breast bone) pain to the left of the heart and down the left arm, some damage has been done. In some cases there signs of so-called Indigestion, shortness of breath during or after slight exertion or Inability to He the same low pillow you have always been used to.
"The foregoing are
Production Of Quality Bacon
Weather Report For Hay Fever Victime
\Hâ

Hay fever victims of Louisville, Ky., have a special weather report all their own.
A local newspaper each day prints in its Page 1 weather box
the "Pollen Count.” Designed as an aid to hay-fever sufferers numbering in the thousands, the report tells the number of ragweed pollen in each cubic yard of air.
The readings tell sufferers how “sniffly" the day will be, thereby giving them the same coldly scientific pleasure that the average person takes in reading the thermometer on days when a hot aun pours down.
r
Wheat and Oats Most Suitable Feed For Bacon Hogs — Com Used to Fatten Them
&
are
HOMER T. HAYWARD,


/.
I
on
CAUGHT A ROfl/A/ ON
In the feeding of swine, barley, wheat and oats stand out as being the most suitable for the production of quality bacon. Corn, however, may be fed advantageuosly to fattening hogs and even to the . growing of pigs, if a sufficient am- | ount of protein is added to bring the ration up to the necessary protein level. Hominy meal, a milling by-product of corn, is similar in its feeding value.
In all instances better results will be obtained from feeding the ground grain than from whole grain. The milling by-products of wheat (bran and shorts) may also be fed to good advantage in rations for specific purposes.
Sources of Protein
Dairy products are the most satisfactory sources of proteins with which to balance the ration of a bacon hog. They are rich in minerals, particularly calcium and phosphorus. If these dairy products are not available, tankage, meat meal, fishmeal, oilcake or soya bean oil-meal may be used to bring about the necessary protein level for whatever age or class of pig that is being fed. Of the protein feeds mentioned, combinations of two or more of them make for greater variety and give better results than any of them fed singly.
THE W/A/<S.
warning
signs that you can no longer keep step with the younger generation. You may have to change your man-of living and avoid over-exertion. Work and play must be regulated so that you get enough but not too much physical exercise. A moderate amount of outdoor exercise will be good for you but It must not be violent. Pulling, and straining, also heavy lifting and rushing for street cars must be avoided. The weight should be kept down. Too much bulk is a strain on the heart.
NwB^cowi » »t* siwvki.
SNAKES vary in size and weight as much as they do in range and habits. The pythons, largest of all, may weigh in the neighborhood of 300 pounds, and measure 30 feet in length, while the tiny burrowing snakes are but slightly thicker than toothpicks, with • length of only five inches.
ner
GREAT EMANCIPATOR
Aggregate sales of 1,073 retail hardware stores in Canada totalled $35,931,800 in 1938 compared with $34,872,100 in 1937.
14 He was a man.
16 He caoe from stock.
HORIZONTAL
1,7 U. S. A. Civil War President.
m
37	Credit.
38	To pother. 20 His debate
pm
32	Alley.
33	Utility.
15	Mohammedan judge.
16	Remunerated.
17	Horseflies.
19 Uniting tie.
21	Small hotel.
22	Church dignitary.
24	Stream.
25	Natural power ^ Carden flower 3 To shower
: S' «
30 Uncommon.
32	Fairy.
33	Doctor.
34	Pertaining to a wall.
35	Pit.
36	Road.
38 Frugal.
40	Postscript.
41	Exists.
43 Inasmuch as.
45 Senior.
all
with
NOTES
RADIO
gave him national prominence. 23 Captivated. 27 Faithfully.
29 Astern.
I 31 Rather than. 1 35 Possesses.
37 Goddess of the moon.
39	Balker.
40	To chatter.
42	Winter precipitation.
43	Reside.
44	Beret. 45Sk>vaK
NEWS
AND
By M*uGE ARCHER
FALL AND WINTER PROGRAMS
What looks like permanent Fall and Winter listing has Just come
9:00 p.m. — ^ Appointment with Agostini, with Charles Jordan Continental Choir, CBL.
10:00 p.m. — Chamber Music Concert from Montreal, CBL.
On Wednesdays
8:30 pjn. — Jack Teagarden's or* cbestra, from MBS - CBL.
9:Cj p.m.
Strings, orchest rectlon of Jean guest soloists, CBL.
9:30 p.m. — Cosmopolitans, orchestra and chorus under the di-
in
4	Conjunction.
5	Masculine pronoun.
49 Procrastina-
On Sundays
3:00 p.m.—New York Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of John Barbirolli with guest artists, CFRB.
6:30 p.m.—Metropolitan Auditions of the Air, NBC.
6:00 p.m.—Silver Theatre, Conrad Nagel director, CFRB.
7:00 p.m.—Jack Benny program, CBL.
8:00 p.m.—Chase and Sanborn Hour, with Charlie McCarthy, CBL.
9:00 p.m. — Ford Sunday Evening Hour, Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Fritz Reiner, soloist on October 8, John Chat. Thomas, CFRB.	\
tion
52	Small wild ox.
53	Music drama. 6 Hybrid of a
55	To appraise.
56	He was a
fruit of re-
horse.
7	Lawful.
by profession. 8 North 57 He freed	Carolina.
8	Taxi.
10	Smell,
11	Flax derivative.
Serenade for The
r(a under the di-Deslauriers with
Dominion Minister of Labor
47 To remark.
50	Period.
51	Affirmative.
59 Either.
54 Like.
the
VERTICAL
1 Suave.

rectlon of Percy Faith with soloists, CBL.
****>»•'
On Thursdays
8:Cj p.m. — One Man's Family, CBL.
'

Gc:3 News of 1940,
9:00 p.m.
with Fanny Brice, Hanley Stafford, Connie Boswell, Walter Huston, M.C., CBL.
9:00 p.m. — Major Bowes, Amateur Hour, CFRB.
10::: p.m.




On Mondays
8:00 p.m. — Quaker Variety Show with Tommy Riggs and Betty Lou. CBL.
8:00 p.m. — Tune Up Time, with Andre Kostalanetx and Thompson, CFRB.
8:30	p.m.—Voice of Firestone,
with Margaret Speaks and orchestra under direction of Alfred Wallenstein, CBL.
p.m. — Radio Theatre, CFRB 10:00 p.m.—Contented Hour, CBL.
On Tuesdays
8:00 p.m. — Big Town, with Toward G. Robinson, CFRB.
8:30 p.m. — Tuesday Night Party with Walter O’Keefe, CFRB.
8:80 p.m. — Information Please, with Clifton Fadiman, CBL


*
?


Kraft Music Hall, with Bing Crosby, Bob Burns, CBL.
fire
12. Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly cleanse his threshing-floor; and he will gather his wheat into the garner, but the chaff he will burn up with unquenchable fire. Christ reveals the quality of men. 13. Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to the Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. 14. But John would have hindered him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and com-est thou to me? John knew a man without sin when he saw him. 16. But Jesus answering said unho him, Suffer it now: for thus it be-cometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffereth him. Jews' baptism was his formal identification with sinful mankind. 16. And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway from the water; and lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending as a dove, and coming upon him. The Dove endues Christ with the power of the Holy Spirit for his great ministry.
17. And lo, a voice out of the heavens, saying, This is my beloved Son, in who 1 am well pleased.
On Fridays
8:00 p.m. — Miss Trent’s Children, CBY.
9:00 p.m.
Frank Munn, CBL 9:80 p.m. — Symphony Moderne, from Montreal. CBL.
On Saturdays
10::: p.m. — NBC Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Arturo Toscanini, CBL.
The above list of programs may be kept for *• re reference as they will probably not change until next Spring.
Kay


Waltz Time, with
-
8ÜË»
9:
In the Cabinet shuffle recently made at Ottawa Hon. Norman Mc-Larty, fermer Postmaster-General assumed the portfolio of Minister of Labor, succeeding Hon. Norman Rogers, who is now Defence Minister.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—An Investment
CERTAINLY, SIR : YOU CAN HAVE THAT SMALL CUCUMBER . COR THREE CENTS!
ILL COME BAC'< FOR IT IN ABOUT A . FORTNIGHT.*
don't cur it off
Q
»
i
!
r
»

sS



1
Nova Scotia farmers believed in epidemic had broken out among their cattle when three cows in the same pasutre died, each showing similar symptoms. A search disclosed the settle had been licking a discarded paint bucket which had been left in the pasture 12 years age.
ï
&
z
A «3
/ '
l

1
7

1I3«


1
r>

a:a aiw
/
r



II
III
uni
II
¦ •
II
1 il
t
i »
¦ I
a« ¦
gnu


is
11
K


* #
ÏGI

TTm
US
«v a
4


SSffifijÈ It
i

Dyi

y
uvz^u-as;
G

ttsau s«n I
7mirs»s TïüHiî
¦¦7?	TT



###PAGE###3###
Eskimos Work On Eiderdown
Here's Whet the Allied Armies Are Up Against On the Western Front
THAT REMINDS ME-
THERE'S NO CLOSED SEASON FOR J OGDEN'S J /$
Modern
Etiquette

!
!
/
New Industry on Southern Baffin Island Will Contribute to Livelihood of Many Inhabi-
CHRANfce*
KIRN
BY ROBERTA LEE
*
BACH
1.	When a man invites a girl to dine isn’t she privileged to order freely whatever she wants?
2.	Does a well-bred person boast about his possessions, his home, his income rnd the like?
3.	It is ever permissible to whisper in public?
4.	When a girl goes to a party with a young man who is a stranger to all the guests, how should she introduce him?
6. Isn’t a girl, still under age, privileged to issue an invitation to her home?
6. Should a woman take her partner’s arm when entering the dining-room, at an informal dinner?
TREVES
Unis
ecuRc*

\
f
An eiderdown Industry which If expected to contribute to the live-lihoo dof many of the 1,500 Beld-mos of southern Baffin Island on Hudson Strait Is being established by J. J. Bildfell of Winnipeg on behalf of the Hudson s Bay Company It is announced by the Mines and Resources Department An area embracing the southern coast of the Island and all the Islands east of Cape Dorset to Pang nlrtung has been leased by the company for the purpose of establishing sanctuaries for elder ducks Arctic species, and a permit for collection of the down has been Issued under authority of the M gra tory Birds Convention Act.
To Stuff Pillows, Cushions The down, small soft feathers from the breast of the duck, ias a wide commercial value, being used extensively to stuff pillows, cushions, etc.
Under the company’s plan, Lskl-families participating in the Industry would be allotted regions in which to collect eiderdown. It's believed development of the Industry on Baffin Island would contribute to livelihood of the natives especially at a time when they’ve little to do between hunting seasons.
I
eVuECKCN
NPCLO
",
e

\
t
\
KELL
V
:LUXEMBOUP3 =

NONNVCILC*

< /
\
\
Try Ogden's
and you'll know
why particular roll-your-
owners vote it the cigarette tobacco
of double barreled pleasure. You'll
roll them better with "Chantecler"
or "Vogue" papers.
/
*

t
y
O
I

rucuocM
pMADW«
KUSti.

X
IM
\
èeORG
r
\
« \/>
SrWENOCL V
\
C/
*
LCBACH
MCR2I

TvÎ
LANOSTUMt
Smokcn!—
/

'I
OT
LFA

I
:
îv
mtrTcuviSsc
MF1 fcouzOMV
>
fer
\
ClN^LCR SAARlOVÜ
Of*V,
an
/
i
7HIOHVK.LC
;l
k
An
a
HOMBuRO
4
* M
1. Certainly; but unless she knows that her escort can afford it, she should not be too extravagant in her choice. Even if she knows that the cost is not to be considered, it is not good form to order as though she were starving, or that it is the first “real meal” she has had for a long time. 2. Never. This is a habit often indulged in by the nouveau riche, but a well-bred man or woman never refers to his possessions. The old proverb says, “Every fool la in love with his own bauble/’ 3. No. Persons near you may think you are commenting on their appearance. 4. Introduce him to the hostess, who will, if she knows her duty, introduce him to the other guests. 6. It is better for the mother to do so until the girl is of age. 6. No; she should merely walk at his side.
o
ST
£ ZWClBRUCCKCN

ILLC I
$AARBRUEtt<ENj-
\

\
l
1

V
*

Hi
1
«
\
\
LAY
FOR

r
-v:



ETZ
s
Æ.
mo
>1

OGDEN'S
Si A/Oto
Uz
CO/v,
1 >
eiTCHC

4 / fsj
FINE CUT
MONT
Huoue
ko
SS.'
V

civil servant — who traveled with u» for years and was always froze# behind his paper, suddenly up# and tells us there are a lot of balloons about this morning.
Soon the whole carriage is provoked into exchanging life stories. Afterwards the war office major, who is a fellow passenger, oonfidei “Dammit, sir, we are positively American!"
On city street cars young me# take advantage of the fact the most girls have their names aad addresses on either a label tied to their coats or on their gasmask
boxes.
When a pretty typist boarded a Piccadilly bus the soldiers and the sailors aboard didn’t need an Introduction. They looked at her label. And when she left they chorused. “Goodbye, Elsie."


IM
«UNION
i s ? s
K>
O
MONTOlOlCR
f
KAtl #/ Mft.CS
Solitary Tree. Draw Lightning
U PETITE PIERRE

Smooth-Barked Types Are Safest to Shelter Under During A Storm
Placid English Life Disrupted
can
Oak, elm and ash trees attract lightning more than other varieties and smooth-barked trees are safest to shelter under during a thunderstorm, so If you are caught In one make for a short beech, or other smooth • barked tree — provided It
does not stand alone.
That beech trees are safe from lightning seems to be borne out by the fact that there is no record of being struck at Burpham Beeches or High Beech in Eng land. (Epplng Forest), where nearly all the trees are beech. Any tree Is declared a fairly safe shelter, If it Is in the middle of a g ed wood. It Is the solitary tree, or the tree on the edge of a wood, that is dangerous.
Autumn Bulbs
What Science

To see England at war you must quit the comparative calm and near normalcy of London for the urgent preparedness of the countryside.
Motoring from town you quickly find signs of wartime Interruptions of placid rural life.
Urgency of Preparedness
Everywhere In the southern towns and villages you find the same urgency of preparedness.
In the town, navy and army officers drive commandeered automobiles.
In the country soldiers are billeted in a village, filling every room In the place. The local saloon, doing Its best business In history, adapts Itself to war conI dltlons by earmarking a private I .room for non-commissioned offic-\! ers.
With the approach of the annual bulb-planting season comes one of the greatest opportunities of the year for bringing fresh beauty to the garden, no matter how large or small, how new or how old It may be. In no other type of gardening can the dreams of the planner so quickly or so surely be transmitted Into reality.
It is still a bit early to begin tho bulb planting — with tl# exception of Madonna Lillies, colchlcums. Autumn crocuses and a few other things. The general run of Springflowering bulbs goes In In September and October. But It Is not a
day WÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊ
what is to be planted, and to make
lists. In fact, many good gard-get their orders In long be
HaveYonHeard
e
IS
Doing *
*
TRANSFUSIONS IN TRENCHES
A new kind of blood transfusion which can be given by untrained -itrelcher-bearers in a front-line trench is announced.
Heretofore blood transfusions have been given only after blood had been typed, a donor chosen, and a complete operating team assembled. Now blood plasma which has had the red blood cells shak-out of it can be administered by anyone to anyone regardless 4 the blood type.
one
Mr. Henpeck (to boss): “Sir, I think it's about time I got a raise.”
Boss
about? We just put a raise in your envelope- last week.”
Mr. Henpeck: “Why doesn’t my wife tell me about these things?"
CREAM WANTED
We are paying a real high price for cream F.O.B., Tor-' onto. Write for particulars j
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmer» Co-Operative Co. Ltd.	|
Duke and George Streets I TORONTO, Ontario
What are you talking


soon to begin to plan Just
War Crumbling British Reserve

Mother: Why are you making faces at that bulldog?
Small Child (wailing): He started it.
up
en
eners fore this time
—o—
There was very little doing in the bank in the tiny Irish village. The staff arrived in the morning, loafed about, drank teâ and p.ay-ed cards until three o’clock.
"Ha,” said the manager to his junior. “Three! Run and close the front door.”
The junior returned in a minute or so and said: “It is closed, sir. We didn't open it this morning.’’
Life in blacked-out Great Britain Isn’t really so gloomy because the natives are suffering;
chumminess on record. It’s epldem
“Positively American"
That well-known British reserve which Is as indigenous as the Mag Ghana needed the war to break It down. Nowadays when you dive for the nearest A.R.P. shelter you don't ask khether your neighbour went to the “right" school or not.
And once silent commuters on the 8:27 to fbwn now are like oae big family. The stately fellow with the starched collar — looks like a
Tuned For War
Down the road In a private park, trucks loaded with ammunition are lined up beneath broad oaks and guarded by armed sentries.
The trim Georgian mansion nearby is a battalion headquarters. Sacks for bayonet practice swing from a row of elms.
Fields off lonely narrow roads hide anti-aircraft batteries. Close by. sentries guard a searchlight post—five lamp units walled In with standbags. Tents for the per-
patched cleverly with
If only
CANCER, DEFICIENCY DISEASE?
Further investigation of cancer from the angle that it may be a •"deficiency disease” is reported on in the current number of the Canadian Medcial Association Journal. The investigation is being carried on by Dr. J. R. Davidson of Winnipeg.
RINGS INSTANT IASS
the biggest outbreak of
How Can I ?
ic
ov ANNE ASHI EV
Q.—How can I successfully
measure molasses?
A.—Grease the cup lightly before measuring the molasses, or dip. it full of flour and then empty it. Either of these methods will enable every drop of molasses to cofne out of the cup without sticking.	,
Q.—How can I prevent a colored suede belt from fading to the dress from perspiration?
A.—-This can be prevented by neatly lining the inside of the belt with a strip of waterproof adhesive tape.
Q.—How can I make putty?
A.—Putty can be made merely by mixing linseed oil with sifted whiting until the proper consistency is acquired.
Q.—-How can I prevent the
strings of a tennis racket from breaking when the racket is not being used?
A.—Tennis racket strings should be covered with vaseline before putting away for the winter. This will prevent the strings from snapping during the time the rackets are not in use.
Q.—How can I clean linoleum
effectively?
A.—Add a little paraffin to the water to take out all dirt and grease and give an excellent polish to the linoleum. Rub paraffin oil well into the linoleum and it will retain its colors and wear twice as long as usual.
ni
na
A
—-0—
CYCLIC FACTOR IN DIPHTHERIA
There is a cyclic factor affecting diphtheria which causes the disease to be somewhat more prevalent at intervals of about six and a half years. This is indicated by statistical studies carried on by the New York City Department of Heatlh.
Vegetables can become in toxicated, say# a scientist
I
—ww
brown and green daubs, merge In to field and tree.
England Is tuned for war.
It’s quite true—lots of them
are getting canned just now
LIN Ml N I
A wise guy stepping up to the bus as it stopped the other morning said to the driver Noah, you’ve got here. Is the Ark full ?"
The motorman answered back: “Nope, we need one more monkey. Come on in."
Classified....
Advertising..
“Well,
MCUICAI.
AGENTS WASTED
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WR ITÉ for free booklet and full partlcw lar# regarding successful hyb Pedigreed Product#
Sask.
MEN WANTED IN EVERY CITY. Sell Dexter Weatherproof service ¦hoc#, greatest shoe value In Canada. Complete line of boot# and ¦hoes for men and women. Also raincoat# and windbreakere. Free selling outfit. Dexter Shoe Company. Limited. Montreal.
AGENT TO SELL MEN’S NECK ties for 25 cents each. 100 per cent profit. Murgatroyd Agencies. Yongc Street Arcade. Toronto.
our amazln lood treatra
Saskatoon,
!»
BIRTH OF 1 HE MOON
The earth is believed to have given birth to the moon when a large portion of its mass was whirled out into space while it was in an early plastic state. The point at which the separation took place is now the Pacific Ocean basin, according to this theory.
o
NURSERY STOCK FOR SAL*
FI1.WS DEVELOPED
Doe» Mr»
First Gossip Newbride have her owa way?”
Second Go»aip: “Does she! Say, ahe write» her own diary k ahead of time."
HARDY APPLE TREES—50 CENT» each. Canada’s Lowest Priced Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamental* Write immediately requesting sensational offerings. Tobew
Lake. Ow^
20c FILM DEVELOPED. PRINTED and one Enlargement Speedy and Model Photos, Box 60. Mount Dennis. Toronto. Ontario.
a w
Treery, Niagarn-on-the
EDUCATIONAL
ARTICLES FOR SALE
A Hitler Pays
War Cartoons
PERSONAL
UP
Ræ	% up
Tire*. guaranteed illustrated cats Toronto Tlr
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses in Matriculation, Short Story. Journalism. Advertising. Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Writs today. Canadian Correspondence College (established If 01), 229 Yor.ge St.. Toronto.
To Red Cross
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY inexpensively. Home rem Testimonial*. Guaranteed, vice free. Bartlett’s. Box L Wl*. nlpeg.
Automobile 11.75 up. Free logue mailed Radio. 191 Dundn* West. Toronto
%
Are Very Similar to 1914 Var-
British Artists Present Hitler As a Gorilla, and Goering As Pig
One of the steadiest contributors to the funds of the British Red Cross is Adolf Hitler.
Payment of royalties to “enemy authors" is forbidden under the Board of Tfade regulations and Hurst and Blackett, Hitler’s publishers in Great Britain announced that royalties from “Mein Kampt" will be given to the Red Cross.

noons
PHOTOGRAPHY
CANCER AND FOODS WITH A note on Soil Fertilization and Milk. A Resume of the latest Scientific Findings, price 60 cts„ by G G. S. Baronafeather. M A.. M.D., LL B..	1107.1—81 Avenue.
Edmonton, Alberta
NOW IS THE TIME TO LET OS make reprints from your Sum Snaps, and cards
cents each. 75 cents per dozea. Special prices for ders for Summer post card enlargement If your order is over 20 cent*. W. A. Sts aman Company,
Kitchener, Ontario
SECRETARIAL STENOGRAPHIC accountancy courses, night school: home study or private tuition. United Business School. 2 Atlas Avenue, Toronts.
day and
order your Christmas Prints 8 cents each. Id
British cartoonists have turned to their World War files for inspiration in caricaturing German leaders as huge gorillas, usually clutching a fistful of children's bodies.
There’s only one difference in technique. When Raemaker, the Dutch cartoonist, set the fashion in 191-1, the Germans always were crowned with the spiked helmets of the old imperial army. Today the "gorillas" wear the flat fatigue caps of Nazi officials.
postal card or* Resorts. F
FARMS FOR SALK
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
Weber Street
13.800, O ANNIN QTON, HUNDRED, acres, bank barn, frame ho creek, small payment James Ry an. Cannlngton. Ontario.
COUNTRY GENERAL STORE. AND Post Office, gasoline, oils, clean stock, no opposition. James Ryan. Cannlngton Ontario.
SEWING MACHINES â SUPPLIMS
City of Buffalo • I *<SRT TtyS ^*Y ^NUTE Named By Mistake HOWDoYOU iEBI?
PARTS AND REPAIRS. ANT make, write for prices on new or reconditioned machines. 30 yearw experience —	8. Gilbert, 341
Yonge Street, Toronto. __________
HAIR GOODS
WHl’t'E OINTMENT
DONT MISS
FROM IRRITA
9U£K enhSLid.eews,5T, p,ir
commended. Money back if not entirely satisfied. Price TSc a jar. White Mfg. Co.. Box 164. Toronto. Ontario.
TRANSFORMA
WIGS, TUUPES
lions. Switches, Curia, and all types of finest Goods. Writs for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply CoH 628 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
The Indians’ mis-pronunciation | rired? irritable? No amui-of two French word. excUimed by	ume. <t£. Y.™
the Franciscan discoverer, Fr. Lou- I t|me tomorrow, compare U Hennepin, g.v, the city of But- | how you Mthn, with ,1b. ¦
Jalo its name.	the meantitme. stop at your drug store ,
When Fr. Hennepin first saw the | and. tonight, drink a cup of Garfield
Niagara River and Ha falls he burst forth: “Belle fleuve !”
Hie Indian guides heard him repeat this phrase (meaning beautiful flow) so often that they used it themselves to describe the river.
But the red men were poor on their French. Their version of the Franciscan's words became in the course of the years “bouf-flo.” They named the city
after it
quality Hair
SEED FOR SALE
GOVERNMENT FIELD INSPECTed Crested Wheat Grass: Brome Grass; Alfalfa; Sweet Clover la car lots or less quantities: ala# car lots of KegisUred-Csrtifiod or Commercial grains of all kinda The Newfield Seed and Nursery Farms. Codette. Bask
GoebbeL a Snake Hitler is almost always a gorilla a the less restrained sheets although the Evening Standard continues to picture him as an ineffectual little fellow with enormous feet.
EDUCATIONAL
HEREFORD CATTLE BOTH SIX
T#&-
Tonight — -Clean Up Inside” — Fssl
Different Tomorrow!
Lose lbut let-down reeling. Let Garfield Tea clean sway undigested wastes —intestinal “left-overt". Acts gently promptly, thoroughly. Drink like critic — 26c.
RETARDED GIRLS* 8CHOOL-horoe." Helen Badgley Moller, M. A., Port Dalhouele. academics, crafts, speech, recreation.
SOUTHDOWN AND SUFFOLK Sheep, both sex. 1 mile east of Na 4 Highway. Lot 14, Concern
Oor-No. 1.
USED TIMES
sion 16, London Township, don O'Neil. Denfield. R.R.
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL S17KH Ixtweet prices. Inquiries Invit'd Brockton Tire. 1611 Dundas Toronto.
FARH

Unary ten
MACHINERY AND SUPPLIES FOR
SALE
Goebbels sometimes is pictured as a snake, and Goering appears as a pig. Other cartoonists’ standbys are the snarling British lion, the heroic French Marianne sending troops to war and screaming tolish eagle•u
Write for Free barn pie of Garfield Head ui hie Powder — also Garfield Tea . used fur constipation, acid indigestion, and to c." Write:	Garfield
FANNING MILL (KUNE) FARM ere say best seed grader: w I lei oat separator testimonials. a.I. Manufacturlntr. Islington. Oat.
WRECKING
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description. Shop supplies and tools. Enquiries welcomed The A. R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd.. *4 Front Street. West. Toronto.
line
SPOT CASH WILL BE PAID FOB old buildings suitable for wrecking. any location. Write Oream-wood wrecking and Salvage Ca, 460 Greenwood A vs.. Toronto.
like
more
keep cbm n Tea IK PrtH. C route- 3. Conida
’39
Issue No. 40
!
###PAGE###4###
to defray the expenses of administration of this Council for the >ear 1940.	__
that a rate uf 5 per cent, interest la* I charged on all arrears after Oct. 31st, and a discount of & per cent, be allowed from Municipal taxes paid before | Jan 1st, next.
Motion by Fit ni mutons and Hendvr-! son, that the following road labor lists be accepted and that the ratepayers receive credit on	their taxes	for name :
Lists Nos. 7, 8,	10,	11, Id,	lft, 16,	17,
18, 19, 2d, 23,	24,	2ft, 26,	27, 28,	30,
31, 32, 33, 34,	3ft,	36, 37,	38, 39,	40,
41 and 42.
The Voters’ Lists were examined, a number of names added and ou motion of Orr and McNeill were adonted.
Motion by Henderson and Fitz«im-ons, that this Council approve of the expenditure of $1691 24 on the McKee-Weirstead road.—Carried.
On motion of (>. McNeill, the meet! ing ad j- mi ned.
THE EQUITY
Also
FEEDS
HODGTNS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 12, 1939
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
We now have the most complete stock of Mixed Feeds M and Feeding Concentrates on hand that we ever • carried.
This stock includes Fades' Eggslent, Monarch, Cafetina, Sliur Gain and Blatchfords Egg and Laying Mashes,
Monarch, Sliur Gain and Blatchford s Hog Growers, Pig Staiters and Hog Concentrates.
Sliur Gain Fattening Mash for Poultry, Shur Gain Sow Ration for Brood Sows, Dairy Rations and Dairy Concentrates for Dairy Cotvs.
Royal Purple and Purina Calf Meal, Bran, Slioits, Middlings, Feed Flour, Provender, Motilee, White, and Yellow Hominy, Gluten Feed, Soy Bean Meal, Oil Cake Meal. Feeding Bone Meal, Tankage Meat Meal, Charcoal, Sal-Min, Oyster Shell, Ground Limestone, Iodized Salt, Mineral Supplements, Alfalfa Meal, Cod I.iverOil, etc etc , for all classes of Live Stock,


Shawville, (jue., Oct. 4th, 1930
Clarendon School Hoard met on the above date, present, Chairman Hudgins, and a full H ard of Commissioners.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comr Wilson.
Motion by Comr Hobbs that the following bills be approved and paid : Leslie Dale, Household Science
Equipment..............
Dale, Stove to No. 9
School and work.........
W A H origins, supplies for September ........
Moyer School Supplies, Desk
and Seats...............
McFarïàne Son & H orison, paper.........................
.) H .Judd, work at High School R Judd, 44	44 44
H A Harris, cleaning and repairing well at No 1 2 b..
Clarence Farrell work at No. 3 as per contract.............
i
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales

$ 31 66
Leslie
20 :>o
53 ft3
Fence
Requirements
For Your
H. I. Smith, Sec T if
118 7ft
29 81
3ft to I Minutes of Council Onslow North
28 2 ft
1 00
October 2nd, 1939
76 00
Motion by Comr Walsh, that the I usual place of meeting with the follow-Secretary procure Desk Copies required jng present, Andrew Daley, Mayor, and for the Rural Schools—Carried.	; Councillors Young, Farrell, Armitage
It was brought to the attention of the and Dagg.
Board that the blackboard at No. 4 Motion by Crs Farrell-Dagg, that the School was in bad condition, Comr minutes of September 5th, 1939, as Hobbs agreed to have attended to.	read be adopted after prolonged dis-
Motion by Comr Nurse, That the cussion regarding expenditure of 50*50 Secretary order 18 waste pa%»er baskets grant, for use in the Rural Schools—Carried Meeting then adjourned.
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on the above date at the
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
A Feed for Every Need A Price to Fit Every Purse
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O.
Motion by Crs A r mit age You ug, that owing to the general war situation and realizing that both the Provincial Government and this Board have to depend on the taxpayers for revenue this I lo |)roperty of Win. O'Rielly Board is o the opinion that the ex- Motion, Cra. Clarke and Westbrook, lenses should t«e limited to absolute | thal jM Kifroy ai>end U mills of each necessities and that it would not 1^, taxpayer on 8 Mariineau’s list. To l>e October 2nd. 1939 advisable to begin this work at the 8pent on earlh work on new Hideroad
Clarendon Council met on the above P^'^nt time -Lamed.	I and add W. Mackechnie’s and F. Hut-
date. Present ; Mayor Barr and Conn	llunv ^r8 fArrell 1 ugg, th <t ; c h i^on property to this work to re pi
cillors Grant. Hanna, Smart, Whelen ,lll>erl, \olm& roadf, reman, hH hauling of gra vel and to be paid for in and Macfarlane.	slmcWd to investigate Public Road, ly40 -Carried
Bills for insane, totalling SI CO 3\ at Lots 1 and 2. Range U, Iront Join were read and discussed. Motion by Armuages gate «est to cover about 3
Vrs. Smart and Grant these bills were or.4 «res and if he sees fit have it re-rdered paid.	\mnd as soon as possible with 1940
The grant of $200.00 from the De r«wd tax—Carried, part ment of Roads, towards a concrete , Motion by Cr^ Farrell Dagg, that the bridge opposite Lot 17, Range 11, was ^c.-l reas. be instructed to procure discussed *	legal advice regarding revision of \ alua-
Motion—Crs Macfarlane and Whelen, 11 °n Lyll — Carried. that this Council consider it not ad vis-	Motion by Crs Farrell \ onng, that
able to undertake the construction of the foltowing accounts be approved and
this bride this Fall. Should this grant P11.,. T v . b4 available m-xt Spring the Council ^»|dmg »fc Jury *un‘*	••••¦
w ill consider it.-Varried.	->r h,'r Wlc»“. „°»k t^'-k 1938
The following road-lists were present- ^ Lapierre, halfday team ... ed for approval :—	“	.	t wo days man...
Bert Hudgins................ « 115 20 Pil'k M^-han,^ days ...........
Wm. Elliott ................ 143 hO ,	„	' lbs spikes .
F. A. Horner ............... 15(1	40	8	cedar,	10	feet
\V. J. Crick................ 140	00
•I. E. Palmer............... 207	95
Kenneth Brownlee............ 253	00
Motion, Crs. Hanna and Whelen, that these road-lists be accepted as read.—
Carried.
Motion, Crs Sihart and Grant, that this Council adjourn.—Carried.
J. A Dean,
Scc.-Treas
NOTICE
Carried
Clarendon Council
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shaw ville,
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the Municipal Council of the Yi|l-age of Shaw ville, at its Regular Meeting held on the Second day of October, 1939, passed its By-Law, No. 125, levy ing tlie tax rate in this Municipality for the year 1939, the sud By Law reads as follows :—
!
J. L. HOtitiINS
f hone 64 J.
aee

zi/;/,///,//
Vr Mulduon, to adjourn
Jos. A. Steel» Sec -Treat

By Law, No 125
DALE’S TINSHOP
^ Whereas it is necessary and expedient llvxt .i tax rate be levied to meet the necessary expense of the Municipality The earliest lighthouses, of which of Shaw ville. It is hereby resolved and records exist, were the towers built ordained by By Law, No. 125 that a -by the Libyans and Cushites in low- tax rate of Ten (10) Mills on the dollar er Egypt, beacon fires being main- be and is hereby levied on every dollar taimed in some of them by priests of taxable property on the assessment Lesches, a Greek poet (680 B. C ) roll of the Village of 8hawville, for the mentions a lighthouse at Sigeum yeas 1939. Three mills for ordinary now Cape Incihisari, in the Troad and seven mills for water works, and which appears to have been the first that a discount of 3 |»er cent, be allow-light regularly maintained for mari ed on all taxes paid before the 15th of ners. The famous Pharos of Alex- December next.
andria was regarded as one of the Given at Shawvillo, this third day of wonders of the world. The tower is October 1939 stated to have been 600 feet in (Signed) G. G. McDOWELL/ height. It was destroyed by earth „	Mayor,
quake in the Thirteenth century, but remains are said to have been vis;
HHHIlHHHlHIHji The name
Lighthouses Started In Egypt
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
$ 12 00 4 76 1 50 3 00 6 00
35
7 inch tops..............
M C Foster, sharpening s>teel A Kirrell, with Engineers....
7 00
1 00
??
1 00
—Carried.
Letter regarding Mrs Hormidas Drouin presented, left ever for more information.
Letter of Phibp Martineau presented. No action taken.
Upon application of Arthur Pellerin to have the following alterations in his assessment made.
Motion by Crs Armitage Dagg, that the North west quarter of Lot 13, Range 12 l«e assessed to J. Gauthier of Arthur Pellerin that the North part of Lot 19, Range 12 and East part of Lot
n	», t »i j	« 19, Range 12, be assessed to Prudhomme
Present : Mayor McLellan and Conn- and Mol,on, instead of Arthur Pellerin. colors Beattie, r itzsimmons, Henderson, _Carried,
McNeill and Orr,	Motion by Crs. Dagg-Armitage, that
The minutes of last regular meeting this Council adjourn until Nov. Oth,
were read and on motion of McNeill ,939i Rl 0neo’clock in the afternoon, and Hendeison were adopted.
Motion by Beattie and Orr, that |	Andrew Faiirkll.
Council adjourn for one hour.	I	Sec-Treas
After adjournment meeting resumed with same members present. *
Motion by Beattie and Orr, that the following bills be paid :
T J Sharpe, sharpening steel,
Frank McKee, for corner land
fencing... ,
210 yds gj-avel J M Argue, cedar squares •..
Leo R Keon, dynamite, fuse,
Labor on Pontiac Hoad......
Peter M<>yles, 60 yds gravel .
R J Emmerson, cedar sqiires Hiram Beattie, sheep killed..
M P Stanton, valueing sheep WeM. Smith, 22 loads gravel W A Hodgins Store, spikes Geo Henderson, 3 extra trips
with garbage...........
J Millar, supplies 4o James
Macdonald ............
G T Paul, premium on policy Gatineau Power Co., lights for Bristol, 2 months . ...
¦ Findlay Furnaces
WM Insures Your Heating Ql Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
!
H. C. ROWAT,
Secret a ry Treasurer
ble as late as 1350 Pharos became the general term for all lighthouses and the term pharology has been used for the science of lighthouse construction.
NOTICE
Province of Quebec ) Municipality of Shaw ville f
John A. Dean, Sec - T reae.
y
s
Bristol Council
The Shield-Back Chair
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
to all proprietors of real e>tate and re h ident householders of this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes, as established by the Municipal Council of the Village of Shawville has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession
DALE'S TINSHOP
The most graceful furniture produced in England in the late Eighteenth century cisme from the shops of George Hepplewhite, master craftsman. He improved and perfected the shield-back chair and relied on graceful curved outlines
for much of the beauty he put into i for inspection by parties interceded, dur-his furniture. He used mahogany ing thirty days fiom this notice, during wood and inlaid it with exquisite which time it may be amended ; and and rare woods. Hepplewhite also any ratepayer may, during the said de produced oval and heart-shaped lay complain of such roll, which will be backs. Some of these chair backs taken into consideration and homôlogat-follow the shapî of a Grecian vase, | ed, with or without amendment, at the others the lyre shape. Ears of meeting of the Municipal Council to wheat were cleverly carved to form take place on the Fifth day of Xovem-the decorative motif inside the oval ber, at the place where meeting* are frame of chair backs. He used the usually held, at the hour of eight o’clock “Prince of Wales Feathers" as a in the evening ; but such delay expired, decorative motif, probably original- | il shall come into force and every per-ing it for furniture made by him for j son interested, after having taken cog. the then prince of Wales, who later | mzxnce thereof, if he so desires, shall
pay the amount of taxes to the under signed, at his ottice. within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without, further notice.
H. C. ROWAT,
Secretary Treason r,
Municipal Council Village of Shawville.
Maryland, Que., Oct. 2nd, 1939 Regular session of Bristol Municipal Council was held on the above date.
I
Shawville Quebec

ESTABLISHED |883
South Onslow Council
INVALID
COACH
Quyon, Que, Oct. 2, 1939
$ 73 00 200 00
A regular meeting of the Municipal 19 50 | Council of Onslow, South, was held on 10 50 , the above date at the usual place of 30 52 g meeting, all members of Council being 137 52 present.
9 00
GEORGE HYNES & SON
4k
44
Direct)rs ci Funeral Service
On motion of Crs Fraser and Smiley, 6 OU I the minutes of last meeting were adopt -47 00 1 ed as read.
became King George IV
Shawville, Que.
On motion of Crs. Young and Clarke,
4 50
1	50 ! the following bills were ordered paid
2	20 j H. Koran, 2 M. feet of Tam
3	00	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Phone 80
French Boat Chibs
Enthusiasm for inland water touring along the rivers and canals of France has developed so rapidly that three of the large boating clubs of France, the Kayak club, the Canoe club and the French Federation for Canoes, have published guides in
arac at $25 per M........
P. Cote, timber and bolts...
N. Fraser, drawing 42 yards of
gravel at 50.............
A Inglee, road list .........
VV Drapei
24 00 8 Martineau
Also that bills from Donald	Runge	J H Biehler 41	\	...... 4 00.
and Dr McDowell be held over.	W J Fleming, board of Council	5 501	lhe	French	government tourist	bu-
Motion by Beattie and Fitzsimmons, A letter from Mrs. Mosley complain- reau or through the Touring Club of that the Mayor and Sec Treasurer bor- I ing about a road wia referred to Allan France, Foreign membership in row $3000 from the Bank of Montreal j Mrredith to deal with.	these boating clubs are available at
to help pay lhe bills on the McKee - The voters’ list was examined and a very reasonable fee. The most Weirstead road.—Carried.	with the addition of a	few	names	was	practicable	boat for water	touring
Motion by Orr and Henderson,	that ! adopted on motion of	Crs	Clarke	and	*s a	folding	kayak with fore	and	aft
the Sec-Treasurer be instructed to pay i Young.—Carried.	canvas decks under which are
the men on the McKee-Weirstead road Wm. O’Rielly appeared at Board re-1 roomy, water-tight compartments according to the time books sent in by garding the proposed sideruad to bel f°r baggage. Open canoes are also
' ¦	popular, flfeich like the kayaks, are
50 00 10 90
7 50
Fox-Squirrel’s Diet
The diet of the fox-squirrel ranges from crow's eggs t<*muskmellon, although it will live almost exclusively on various kinds of nuts if they can be had. Cutting down of nut-bearing trees has helped crows by limiting the squirrel population. When squirrels become too plentiful, they will at times raid truck gardens and cause heavy damage. It is better, according to the National Wildlife federation, for hunters to harvest the surplus of any species of wildlife than for it to increase beyond the limits of its natural food supply.
21 00 62 20
13 31 150 00
Beattie’s Eye Service
44
41 70,
6 801 three languages, giving full information as to each river, and including 32 maps, given free upon request to
44
11 60
i fairtj-tiva years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientific Eye Examinations
Spacialists on all Visual and Muscular .	Eye Defects
«
the foreman.—-Carried.
By-Law No. 128 was proposed, sub mit ted and accepted as follows —
Whereas notice has been given at a I Range 5. His request was granted on
previous sitting of this Council, accord- motion of Crs. Muldoon-Smiley..—	_	I Epictetus was a Greek Stoic phi-
ing to the dispositions of the Municipal Carried.	Trees Used as Landmarlw	losopher who lived approximately
Code : It is hereby enacted and order Motion, Crs Clarke and Young, that Primitive man, traveling largely between the years 50 and 120. He ed by the Municipal Council of the • the Secretary notify all Road masters to by foot, often foimd need of signs was born a slave in Phrygia, ban-Towasbip of Bristol, as follows : a gen- have brush cut and removed off the or markers. Tribes inhabiting for- ^ed from Rome by Domitian and eral rate of 15 mills on the dollars is by roads, and that each Councillor be re ested regions knew that trees could taught philosophy In Epirus. The these presents imposed and shall be j sponsible in bis divrsion to have this be used as reliable landmarks; nobility and moral earnestness of levied by direct taxation on all the tax- work done —Carried.	hence a system was developed the men and simplicity of his style
able immoveable properties of this Motion,	Crs Clarke and Muldoon,	whereby young trees were bent and	Lave	made him	a	favorite with
Municipality, according to the Valuation	rhat Simon	Martineau be instructed to	aecurH in position so that the	di*	many	not otherwise	interested	in
Roll in force for fiscal year, the money to	i clean out a	portion of ditch and cut	recti on of the bend indicated the	di-	the subject which	he	taught and	of
be collected from such tax being required	1 some brush	on sideroad from 3th Range	rection of the route.	which	he wrote.	^5^
opened. No action taken by Council Wm O’Rielly requested his name to often equipped with easy-de-masting
be entered on roll as owner of Lot 8 a, saü arrangements.
Most Famous Stole

T,T. BEATTIE,
Professional Opt omet i ist
KATHLEEN M.ROLUN3 Professions I Optometrist.
1
###PAGE###5###
B* f\i:\
Service- Announcement
SHAWVtM.K UN1TKU CHURCH Rkv A. F. Fckm RA, B.D. PasIOT
Numlay, < > t"ber 15
11,00 am.—Service at Hbawvllle.
1.30 p.vn.— Service at Zion
100 p.m—Service at Stark i Corners
Afternoon preacher will be Rev. W. H.
Daf, <>f < juyon.
Communion Service with brief ad lreaa bj the Pastor on “Gtteeta of Gu«V'
7 30 p. in.—Service at Shawville. The Paator will preach on “Tear down the barrier**. The service will open with an enjoyable hymn aing of old favorite#,
The Equity
Quality Shoes
Sleep For Health The Simmons Way
litaMIshe* 1883
pvni.mmco * vient thvihiuat at 9HAWVILLB, QUEBEC
«>
You’l Admire
r f
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with built in
steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Cumula .. $1.60 To United States
2.00
Grace” Bed Outfit
fcb
Brown Calf Brogue’s—A favorite style with men Good Year Solid Leather Sole
All arrear* must be paid in full before any paper Is discontinued
$3.95
r v*
i f
VV. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER

iff.

Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
wm

Early Franck Olrnists * Cut Crop' to Peg Prices
NEW YORK -Tobti were pulled up in 1639 by order of the goyernor-g#	'f the F < i.< i
colony Saint Christopher In the Lee ward islands to prevent a diaasirous fall in prices, research by Dr Charles woolsey Co!e, George D Olds, professor of economics In Amherst college, discloses.
Parallels between' the New Deal and Seventeenth century economic nationalism are cited by Professor Cole in a 1,090-page study of "Colbert and a Century of French Mercantilism" issued by the Columbia • University Press.
"Production of tobacco increased so rapidly in the French settlements that it was continually threatening to outrun the demand," Professor Cole says. "First the company of Saint Christopher tried to limit the production to 900 pounds per planter, and to prevent planting every other year. Then the governor-general in 1639 sought to control the output.
"In 1639 he made an agreement with the governor of the English settlement on Saint Christopher that no tobacco should be planted for 18 months. He issued an order on May 26, 163C, forbidding the planting of tobacco for the period agreed on and insisting that all tobacco already planted should be pulled up. To prevent the settlements from becoming one-crop colonies, the company sought to introduce the growing of cotton, sugar and indigo.
"When, in Î671, there seemed danger of an oversupply of sugar in the French West Indies, Colbert, chief minister of Louis XIV, urged the increased production of indigo, cotton, ginger, and pepper, that the prosperity of the islands might rest on a more diversified base. In 1673 he again urged the diversification of crops and suggested that silk culture might profitably be introduced into the islands.
Bristol Units!) Church
C. Armhtuon Bh, B. L>.
Sunday, October 16
8t Andre* m Sunday School 10.00 a. m. “J 11 . Service	11.00 s. m.
Sunday School 2 00 p. m.
9.00 pgS
Sunday School 10.80 a. m.
7.80 p. m.

with
$2.95
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather leather soles. Special............
o plant.*






Knox.
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work


/
f/.

Service
I e


Austin,
$4
Service

i «


Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
ANGLICAN 8t. Paul’s
Sunday, October 15 10.00 a. iu.—Sunday School 1 LOO a.m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p. m.—Evening Prayer
M .	Sr. Luke’s
1.00	p. m.—Sunday School 1 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. m.—Sunday School
3.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer
The Church has appointed this Sunday as Children’* Day. Corne and bring tin children with you.
Phone 43

is
iM/!
*.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher




Attractively priced and pleasing in design, the bed is made with shaped Graceline tubing decorated ten inch panel.
The cable spring is the high riser type, the mattress, cotton filled.
This bed outfit is recommended where quality and economy must prevail.
Special....'.......
PRINTING
Parihh of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, October 15 10.30—Thorne Centre, Holy Communion Î 30—North Onslow, Evening Prayer 7.30—Charterin, Harvest Service.
$19.95
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
The Commodore Studio
Chicken Supper every evening from 5.80 until 10.00 |>.m , at Bris toi s Biggest Bazaar, October 17th, 19th and 19th.

*.***.
» •*,

Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags

PMMM
3 Synthetic Textile Fiber'
| Predicted 273 Years Ago
j A prediction made 273 years ago J by Robert Hooke has been fulfilled j in our times more perfectly than he ] could possibly have foreseen. Some j time prior to 1665 Hooke built himself a microscope and examined among other things, a number of j textile materials, writes Edward R. j Schwarz in ‘‘Technology Review." As a result, we have from his tests not only detailed and penetratingly keen descriptions of his observations but some of the finest micrographs of fiber and fabric ever
made.
j Said he, in “Micrographia":	“A
! pretty kind of artificial stuff I have | seen, looking almost like transparent parchment, horn or isinglass and perhaps some such thing it may be it looked very like the substance of the silk. And I have often thought that probably there might î be a way found out ta make an artificial glutinous composition much resembling, if not fully as good, nay better, than that excre-, ment or whatever substance it be out of which the » silkworm wiredraws his clew. 'If such a composition were found it were certainly an easy matter to find very quick ways of drawing it out into small wires for use I need not mention {the uses of such an invention, nor ; the benefit that is likely tp accrue to the finder; they being sufficiently obvious. This hint, therefore, may,
I hope, give some ingenious, inquisitive person an occasion of making some trials, which, if successful, I have my aim, and I suppose he will have no occasion to be displeased." x





<8

f




5H#e




/ V < -A






•*h»
*po@o#aa*A6yd
•>*V


***
T*FW»W«i
"a#:

nu>4K


^yx->

%&#*4

Few
Searchers May Clear '
Mystery of the Griffon*
The question of Robert Cavelier de la Salle’s famous ship, the Griffon, which mysteriously disappeared somewhere in the vicinity of the Straits of Mackinac in Ontario during September, 1679, may be cleared soon.
i Roy F. Fleming, Ottawa historian and authority on LaSalle’s explorations, has asked the Dominion government to raise the wreck, which lies half-submerged at Mississagi straits in Lake Huron, at the western end of Manitoulin island. The wreck has been examined by numerous historical groups and the identity of the ship has been under dispute.
Samples of the oaken timbers have been sent to the.anthropology department of the University of ChP cago, in an endeavor to determine if possible whether the timbers might have come from the Niagara peninsula where the Griffon was built in 1678. A bolt and nut from the sunken vessel were sent to the national laboratories of the department of arts and trades in Paris, and the French authorities reported that they were made in France prior to the Eighteenth century.
Sieur de La Salle—his name would be "Hall” in English—was the firs'-French explorer to penetrate to the Mississippi river. He loaded the Griffon with furs on the shore of Green Bay, and despatched the vessel and crew to Niagara, but did not accompany it himself. The Griffon was lost with all hands, and the story goes that she sank in a gale which prevailed over the Straits of Mackinac region about that time. There are other stories that the crew mutinied and attempted to beach the vessel at some point east of the Straits.	. 1 ; I

*
Lower priced studios are available. .Yes.. but not of this quality.
•quality product, built to rigid specifications, and sdld only in these higher grade coverings. A dual purpose item. An
unusual special at
This is a SIMMONS
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
$32.50
=5
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
25c
Sweet Mixed Biscuits, 2 lbs....
Walker’s Sodas, 2 lbs..........
Grapefruit Juice. 50 ounces.....
Newport Fluffs with tumbler....
Pound Bar Laundry Soap. 3 for...'
Soap Chips, 3 lbs..............
Bulk Green Tea, 3 lbs..........
25c
MacLean’s
24c
25c
RED & WHITE STORE
19c
25c
$1.00
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
SPECIALS
49 cts.
Black Tea, per lb Wheatena,
. Honey, clover, 8 lb tin......
4 “	“	...
2 “ “ .......
Salted Sodas. 1 lb. pkg., 2 for
G. M. Coffee, 1 lb. tin.......
Toddy, 1 lb. tin..
4 “ “ ..
Ovalline, 4 oz. tin G. M. Qrango Marmalade, 4 lb. tin
Com Syrup, 10 lb. tin.............
5 “ “ ..............
Fine Salt, 14 lb bag..............
5 “
44	44
65 “ 35 “ 19 “ 25 “ 49 “ 39 “ 25 «
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Turkish Slave Ruled
As Queen Over Egypt
In all of Egypt no woman was so beautiful as Shagru-Durr. Although she was but a Turkish slave girl, the mighty Sultan Salih fell in love at his first glimpse of her and made her his favorite wife. The sultan died, and his son, too; so the slave girl became the queen of Egypt and ruled in a lavish fashion
Like every faithful Moslem, the queen desired to go to Mecca to purify herself and to win peace of soul, writes Walter Monfried in the Milwaukee Journal. One who has made that journey is called "hadji’’ and for the rest of hia or her life is venerated by all of the faith.
She traveled from Cairo to Mecca in a gorgeous litter borne by camels. With her went a resplendent procession. The trip was long and difficult, but the queen won that full consolation which her faith afforded.
In the years that followed, the beautiful Shagru could not go to Mecca again, but she paid her tribute to Islam by sending handsome litters filled with royal gifts. After she died her pious survivors kept up the custom and each year sent a company of pilgrims with presents. The load of gifts was called mah-I mal, which means something that carries or supports.
44
44

44
44

School
Supplies
Roy 6. Fraser
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 883
44
25 “ 50 “
si
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Inks,
Phono 160
• •
• •
75 “
Pens,
Pencils.
Scribblers,
Note Books. Fountain Pens, Eversharpe Pencils
40 “
«<
44
!
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders df #5.00 or over phone as collect and we shall prepay.
25 “

Cards of Thanks
The family of the late William Edward Hodgins desire to express their heartfelt thanks to neighbours and friends for many acts of kindness and
of sympathy during their
NOTICE
All persons are strictly cautioned against trespassing or hunting on Lota 17, 18, on Range 11; 16 n, Range 9, of the Township of Clarendon.
By order,
A. H HORN BR F. A. HORNER . W J. GREER R. RICHARDSON

SHAWVILLE - QUE
expressions recent bereavement.
THE CORNER STORE
Hogr Fop Service
Cemetery Donations
Mr. John R. McDowell desires tc acknowledge the receipt of #5 00 from Mrs. Albert Armitsge for the imprevent of Maple Grove Cemetery.
Estate Mrs. M. 6. Howard
Main and Centre Sta
QUI.
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, from prize-winning stock. Service fee, #1*0. Apply to
•ad 11 p. m.

SHAWVILLE,
Wilms* H. Hoduins,
nit
R.R, No. 1, Skewnlk.
###PAGE###6###
A NEW WOMAN
Wartime Taxes Worry Indians
Heavy Smokers end Tea Driek-in Manitoba Skew
German Wounded Brought Back From the Front
VOICE
#
of the
PRESS
NEWS
BMP-TS
St Mftl J couldn't sleep.
i
i
to.

*
PARADE


Indians of the Nelson Hseue district, 200 inline north of The Pas, Manitoba, did not realise the effect of Europe's war until they came to the post for supplies. W. R. Hut-ty, white trader, related.
• Most of the Indians thought they would not get as much help from the government and they recel ai the collapse of fur prices la IM4 and 1915, but, not until they learned of the war taxes Imposed, did they start to worry,- Mr Hutty
•aid.	*
"Indians regard tea, tobacco, bullets, salt, matches and nets as the essentials of northern life — sn*1 In that order — and are especially heavy smokers and tea drinkers,
the trader said.
Couldn't Believe About War Groups of Indians clustered all around the trader's radio on Sept. 3rd would not, at first, even believe the broadcast stating that Great Britain was at
'
just about bonsai
I fell aa «eqi weak that I waajH miserable. Dr» ¦¦¦I Pierce’s Faterlto
^JSSXT 6
MONEY FROM THE SOUTH—
Canadian business stands to profit greatly in this second world war by reason of our proximity to the United States. Because of our common inland border, this country will benefit whether the American Neutrality Act is revised
or not.
THOSE BIG PUMPKINS
Even the need catalogues and
bulletins do not tell such gigantic
government us how to grow pumpkins as one sees at the fairs. There’s a trick in it somewhere! —Farmer’s Advocate.
¦Tv*
E-wa lest
V#
SELF-PROTECTION INVOLVED
President Roosevelt’s gesture that lie will stand behind Canada in the event of an Invasion is much appreciated. The President realises that if Canada is attacked, the United States may be next.
Should Congress, now in session. turn down President Roosevelt’s proposal to repeal the arms embargo, it would mean that a great many American firms would establish branch factories in Canada, do a roaring business making arms, munitions and plane# for Great Britain and France, employ thousands and thousands of men. If. on the other hand, the Neutrality Act is revised <as we shall know in another week or ten day») and a "cash-and-carry” system of trade established, an unlim-
"You white people have talking about war for four years and It has never oome,” one ealiei said.
'	Û!*
X
Records of poultry farms died in New York State from ISM to 1933 showed that the farms with high producing hens had labor incomes more than twice large as those with low production
o
STILL GLARING
What has happened to the new law requiring the dimming of automobile headlights? It has been in force over a month now, and so far no one outside the usual run of dimmers has paid the slightest attention to it, and there have been no prosecutions for failure to comply with the law.—St. Thomas Times-Journal.
LG




war with
»
Germany.
arms
ited quantity of arms could be sent the Canadian border by air, or waterway, for re-

%»


across rail,
export to the Allied Powers. Exporters here would take a profit, cash would circulate more freely, Canadian railways would benefit through the increased business.
How Poland's Defenders Tried to Stem Nan Advance
M N T. Ik
u
X
™ , n
__Br** ¦ Mt " I"";
t
MORE STRESS ON HEALTH In Ontario's new program for elementary schools, health has been given a foremost place. Hon. Dr. L. J. Simpson, minister of education for Ontario, recently pointed out that in the new program the goal of health education will be health behaviour— “ ‘ what the child knows about health, but what he does about it.”—Kitchener Record.

3 *





both Polish and German forces were reported to be very high.
ness.
A word in explanation of what the "cash-and-carry” system means: The United States would be willing to sell arms and materials of war to all countries indiscriminately but it would be a case of “come-and-get-it-and-pay cash” Since, in this war, Britain and France have almost complete control of the seas, and tremendous gold deposits on this continent, it stands to reason that Germany would bo left out in the cold as far as arms purchases in the U S. are concerned.
Our Wheat Still Goes To Germany
"Not
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
By VIC BAKER
Canadian wheat is still going to Germany, according to members of the Montreal Corn Evchange. Indignant, they nevertheless do not know how to stop it.
The procedure is this:	Cana-
dian wheat is sold to New York
When it gets to New
THE PROFITEER S VICTIMS It has been claimed that the sudden vise in prices has been caused by the rush of purchasers who ar attempting to hoard supplies. But quantity purchases for hoarding purposes are being made by a relatively small proportion of the population. The majority of people have not the ready cash, through income or savings, with whcih to do this. Wage statistics show that close to 70 per cent, of the heads of families in Ontario earn less than $1,400 a year. These have all along had a struggle to make ends meet and been unable to put by savings for an emergency period. The sudden jump in the price of important food items has removed them from their reach.—Toronto Star.
MORE CROWING
Sportsmen have always deprecated the ravages of the crow and seldom have any qualms over its destruction. In their efforts to con-desirable species of game
NO ELECTION: The Prime Minister of Canada, Mr. Mackenzie King, has intimated that there will be no general election in Canada until after the next regular session of Parliament which will be called in January. It will be up to the House at that time, he stated. to decide what should next be done.
interests. ¦¦¦¦
York, it is put in a neutral ship, and forwarded to Belgium or Holland. usually Antwerp or Rotterdam. Then the grain is shipped dirhctly to Germany.
In the last war, Canadian grain also found its way to Germany, until the British Intelligence Service in Holland saw the wheat coming from New York, and go directly by -rail or barge to Germany.
No Business With England
Corn Exchange members here are incensed that while no grain business of any account can be done with Britain now, yet it m possible to sell grain to Germany.
I

birds, they have been able to produce very definite proof that this black bandit is snorting enemy No. 1. That warfare on the crow is nothing new and that it has been going on for well over two hundred years is demonstrated by the bringing to light of an ancient law of the Colony of Maryland.
In connection with its Tween-
several


a
\


V

I
HITLER S OPPOSITION: On the
home front, Reichstuehrer Adolf Hitler isn't having it all his own way, by any means. Revolts in Bohemia and Moravia (formerly parts of Czechoslovakia) testify to that. But his troubles are not solely with non-Germanic peoples within the Reich. There is an active opposition to his policies, carried on underground, which might in these times of war succeed in bringing about his downfall.
Fritz Cahcn, author of "Men Against Hitler," supplies us with details. His estimate is that today 50 per cent, of the German population is in complete disaccord with their Fuehrer and all his ideas and acts, and a further 20 per cent, dislike the Hitler methods. The active opposition is carried on underground by approximately 10,000 members of antiHitler groups, plus Communists. He is convinced that millions are waiting for the right moment to turn against the Nazi regime.
I
I

tennial celebration ot
faculty member of
ii
years ago. a the University of Maryland had been delving into ancient laws of the Colony and found that antilegislation was passed in 1728. To quote the report appearing in the Maryland Conservationist: "It carried the self-explanatory title: An Act to
the Destroying of Wolves,
a?
au

»
crow
A more mature "national mind" Is developing In the United States, medical authorities believe.
The reason:	There have been
fewer births and an increasing number of older people, this keeps up, the oldster* may run the show." Older men and women will enjoy Increased employment la Industry and will assumd more important places in social and political activities. The viewpoint of more mature thought and Judgment, they conclude, should have a stabilizing effect on national life.
w.

New Postmaster-General
En-
m
\
courage
Crows and Squirrels’."
*nd, if
-Vy
V-
Retreating before the German advance, Polish army engineers wrecked this bridge over the River Weichsel at Dirschau in an effort bo alow up German troo p movements.
Three Crowe A Year
"Every master, mistress, owner of a family or single, taxable in the counties of the province," the researched pointed out, "was required to submit annually that either three crows ir three squirrels had been killed for every taxable person they shall pay levy for that year."
"The heads of the dead crows or the scalps of killed squirrels had to be submitted before county justices or other officials who, in turn, were' obliged bo destroy the evidence so that it could not be utilized over again.
"A credit of two pounds of tobacco against the yearly taxes was allowed for carrying out the destruction prescribed by the legislation, but a fine of two pounds of tobacco was demanded in case no evidence of the prescribed crow and squirrel mortality was produced. A credit of 200 pounds of tobacco was allowed for the killing of wolves."

i
L
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
%

US MODERNS"
' *

1

i


-/ /

Atk {at BEE HIVE

Z



«
V#
I
A



f'
r
>


Why Young People Get Married Today
e
» i

%
*
9
//,
%
. I
i


df
à

44%
/
Chicago Professor Studies the
Reasons
X
® A G
. *
e
Hon. C. G. Powei, ore of the French-speaking members of the Dominion Cabinet, has assumed the post of Postmaster-General of Canada. Major Power was formerly Minister of Pensions and National Health.
t

Ü! o
)

Professor Laud T. Hites conducts a course to make true love run smooth at the Central Y.M.C. A College in Chicago, students he has found out that the young people marry because — Almost universally they want to have children.

>
From his


When Mrs. David Jones of Lil-looet, B.C., wants to have corn for dinner she has to fight for it, she told police.
Mrs. Jones said she objects to having "to fight off a dozen seven-foot bears in order to get a few ears of corn for dinner." She said families of bears have taken a fancy to some special seed corn and even climb apple trees on her farm near this interior community.
Several have been chased away by shotgun blasts, she said, they continue to come back.


Tin
r__
Prefabricated houses are steadily increasing in popularity in Sweden. Production of houses increased from 1,646 units, valued at $1,210,000, in 1933, to 4,889 units, valued at $4,466,000, in 1937. While statistics are not available for 1938, it is believed that the output in that year was in excesa of 6,000 units, and the production rate during 1939 has continued to expand.
They want independence from parental control.
They want a home of their own. a haven of refuge to which they may go when pressed, someone in the home on which they may lavish their affection and their gifts.
They want the status which marriage brings, the championship of an admiring partner.
Not To Reform Him
Marrying a man to reform him is utterly Impossible, says Profes-Hites, who advises would-be brides to see to It that he is re formed before marriage people ought to be shot rather than married," he said, addressing a recent convention. "They just don't it In them to make good
%
I

t
m
9-/
f
but
"Won't you join us for lunch?**
i
sor
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Can’t Stick Pinhead
"Some
j&sn&u.
V, LEAVE IT TO > ( HC CAPTAIN /
) I G,OT SOME TUN
IF YOU WANNA > BE ON
have
mates."

; aww
l ^ROM ROLL
IN TME
ROM ROLLIN' INTO -v TME OUTFIELD/
%
Depression Raises
Appendicitis Toll
Drs. F. R. Kelly and R. M. Watkins, of Cleveland, observing the* mounting death rate in a stociy of 2 G')C consécutive arcs at Women's Hospital there, report that appendicitis victims without funds hesitate to summer, medical aid when an attack occurs and try to treat themselves.
s?




y&),


*V


A //

<X\
4 '

:i
11
w
If.,
• 9
?
•• •
?
*
stick»-

J
Oe» êjfwm
*t-n

###PAGE###7###
Hosiery In Many New Fall Shades
the door behind her and walked away, feeling a little ridiculous. HMe bested me. after all," she grumbled aloud* "I don't know any more than when I Started.M
As she hurried up the path to the house, Nlçk Baum, fame suddenly around the carve of the road. At sight of her he s opped in astonishment, then quickly canoe forward.
"Why, l wasn't expccMag to see you. Hannah!” He smiled H(| is Claire still here, by any good chr.nce?"
JiSSfe
â good allbir asked Hannah sait casttcally.
"No,** he answered. "I don't. Bet
result
It's the truth, Just the same."
."Do you know where Eb Spratt went?" Hannah watched him closely as she asked the question.
"I only wish t did. I've scoured the village and asked everybody who might have met up with him. If I knew where Eb was. I'd know a lot of other things, too
'Why don't you ask his slater?"
"Do you think she'd tell — If she knows?" he countered.
"No," Hannah was forced to admit. "But I notice she ain't exactly worrying herself to death over his absence. She told Claire this afternoon he probably had gone off down to the city for something."
"And left a bloody cap behind Just as a playful little trick. I suppose. Eb wasn't the Joking kind."
"I'll say he wasn't," agreed Han-That man never even smiled unless It was surprised out of
r
VfOfc*
n
Light But Mellow Tone,, Which

4
fOR ^
ROYAL! *0y
s?


y k
I
With skirt# remaining abort, the right shade of hosiery must be worn to match fall ensembles. The first fall breese is sweeping away the excess frills, the "gypsy” and the "little girl” styles, and fashion will become a lady — elegaat, distinguished, smart.
As hosiery is one-third of the ensemble, it must play Its part In creating this change and it does so magnificently with light but mellow colors that harmonize — tone on tone, rather than the contrasting colors of last season.
Black will lead as the costume and accessory color for fall and winter. With the black costume and contrasting accessories, the stocking shade should be selected to harmonize with the accessory color.
Greens should be Important, particularly as an accessory color for brown or yellowish greens to the darker moss and marine greens. The right color to harmonize with the bronze greens Is the golden cast harvest. The dark bluish-greens are complemented perfectly by the brownish-beige patio.
;:C



I
H.
tt* t-rtuuet. needy


Cot*
Two Young People
“Yes. she is. Mr. Baum. Hannah replied. "And she'll be right glad to wee you. Won't you come
•re vous dials* «
W# !• m tm details!
r warp#
Of «4 veeowT

I
ITS AIRTIGHT WRAPPER KEEPS IT PURE, FULL* STRENGTH
f
U, ONT

Â*
In?
Your Siqht with
,iu LAMPS

She led the way lo the front door, and motioned him In hospitably. Just then Susie came Into . the hall. She gave a slight start of surprise at *! ht of the visitor.
“I'll go tell Miss Fosdlck you’re
Of course you'll
Hannah
3 1V(
I
(pieman

i
kA
\
\

“Tea Musicales” Back On The Air
i
here, Mr. Baum be staying for supper said.
nah
him
•Thanks, but I've got, to go on to the village this evening” he answered in to ask Eb Spratt about a man I'm going there to see on business. I know he Is acquainted with all the people around this part of the country.”
“Nick!” exclaimed Claire from the doorway.
Hannah went upstairs, leaving the young people alone. Tenderly Nick Baum Look both the girls hands In his.
"Haven't you anything to tell me yet, Claire?
deep down into her eyes missed you so while you've been hiding from me up here.”
(To Be Continued)
The Best Of Her
This apt description of the sourfaced Eb brought a smile to Dan's lips. “Well, nobody can say his doesn't appreciate this be remarked dryly.
“You ought to bno»*' snapped Hannah.
Dallas let that go by without changing expression, only shrugged his shoulders slightly. After waiting a minute for him to speak, Hannah backed toward the door, evidently satisfied that she could get nothing further from him.
He watched her with a grin. “Goodby.” he said. “Come again. Maybe next time we'll both know more than we do now."
For answer Hannah slammed
Popular Upton Sunday Radio Programs Resume Hours of Fine Music
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
Just thought I'd drop
Half.
by Ida R. Gleason
sister
world
© iflb NSA Servke, la*.
Every Sunday afternoon at four-fifty, tho Thomas J. Lipton Limited is presenting another series of “Lipton Tea Musicale" programs. For tht> past two years during the fall and winter months these programs have built up a very large and appreciative audience, and the news that they were to be resumed was welcomed by many thousand# who eagerly look forward to these half hours of fine music brilliantly presented.
This year the scope of the program Is greatly increased, with tho Instrumental ensemble more than doubled In size. There is also an outstanding male quartette, and many prominent guest artists appearing from time to time type of music played and sung follows that used in the past, appealing especially to those who do not care tor "jazz" or "swing", particularly on a Sunday.
The broadcasts are heard over CBL, Toronto. CBM. Montreal, and CKCH, Hull, from 4:30 to 5:00 each Sunday, and are under the direction of Vickers and Benson Limited. Toronto.
SYNOPSIS
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to ârlve to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire le trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her ewcle and believed to be hidden In
ed Claire. She turned slowly back to the sickroom, and Hannah went downstairs, her large white apron rustling starchily as she strode along.
True to her prediction, Dallas' tall figure could be seen swinging off the main road and coming toward the house. Hannah watched hlm a minute from the porch, then, as though she had come to a sudden decision, she walked quickly to the aspen grove, broke off a small stick from one of the trees, and went on to his cabin.
Buttoned Down The Front
Housedress
he asked, looking
Tv#
the house
2858
Her car la wrecked by a log •cross the road. PAT MAGAN, am
and BOB STEELE, tonne engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain touts where EB SPRATT and his deter, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
Claire sees a curious arrow carv-id on the wall of an upstairs bedroom and, lamp In hand, follows the arrow to the cupola. A noiseless swllet shatters the lamp.
Next morning Eb Spratt disappears. Bob Steele sets out for the village and la found seriously In
sizes 14-44
Md friend
yy
Hannah Does It
Table Talks
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Opening the door of the cabin, the stepped behind It, unfastening her big apron. In a few minutes the man's footsteps crunched on the gravel outside. Then he stood framed in the open door. As he turned to close it, with an astonishingly quick movement, Hannahs apron was thrown over his head. At the same time. Hannah’s large foot tripped him. The next Instant he was on the floor with the woman's muscular weight on his head. Something hard prodded bis chest as Hannah commanded sternly:
“Lay still now. or you’ll wish you had. Better do as I say
Dan’s voice sounded smothered. "Only for gosh sake, get off my neck. I’ll come across. You got the drop on me."
For a moment Hannah hesitated. Then she got up and pulled the apron off. holding it over her irm to conflfctl the aspen stick she carried. "Just keep both hands on this table where I can see ’em.” She directed him to a chair at the
The
THANKSGIVING DINNER
Thanksgiving again. Even the cynics should find much for which to he thankful. With anxiety and sadness in our hearts we should be thankful for the freedom to give thanks, for our homes and for a Country and Empire determined to stand for freedom for all. Let us
^ ^Here is” y our Thanksgiving dinner with an attempt at economy in your festivity
v
\
V
HANNAH, Claire’s housekeeper, •reives. Pat, trying to solve some H the mysteries of the place, wanders Into a deserted mine. An unseen opponent attacks him and Pat Falls, unconscious.
Claire sees Susie enter the root cellar but when she follows Susie seams to have vanished. Later on Clairs questions her and is aware that Susie*# answers are untrue.
Atone, in the library, Claire now hears a strange, tapping noise.
Tomato Juice Cocktail
pm
\
Mushroom Dressing
Roast Chicken
Baked Vegetable Marrow Giblet Gravy
Salad—Half ripe raw pears filled with cottage cheese served with
boiled dressing topped with grated canot,
Dessert—Pumpkin Pie
Riced Potatoes
/
l
Ignore Child's
Û
I

Tantrums
Coffee
“Okay-
Grapes
The best way to treat a child with tantrums is to quietly let him alone. To comfort him may only prolong it:	To spank, shake
or throw water on him may only put off the issue.
A gradual change in his daily discipline is suggested. He should learn little by little that he must conform to a reasonable order. Don’t be one way at noon and another by six.
Be sweet and merry with him. But let him know .that you are his captain and that means obedience.
Pumpkin Pi#
Pastry 9 Inch pie (Flaky Pastry)
Filling;
2	cups mashed pumpkin
1 cup brown sugar
% teaspoon mace % teaspoon cinnamon % teaspoon allspice
1	cup whipped cream
3	tablespoons melted butter
3 eggs well beaten
2	cups whole milk scalded % cup chopped pecans
1 tablespoon extra chopped pecans
Scald the milk, add the egg and sugar, then the pumpkin and spices; last of all the nuts, mixing thoroughly. Pour into lined pie plate. Bake in hot oven for ten or 15 minutes, then decrease heat (if possible) to moderate oven. If not an oven in which heat can be changed, put in moderate oven and bake for one-half hour. When cool add whipped cream to top and sprinkle" with extra 'chopped nuts.
• Mushroom Dressing
1 can of mushroom soup
1 egg
1	cup bread crumbs
2	tablespoons celery (chopped)
2 tablespoons butter (melted)
2 tablespoons parsley (chopped) % teaspoon salt lA I» .vspoon sage
1 teaspoon grated onion Heat mushroom soup, milk, remove from heat, beaten egg, breadcrumbs and other ingredients, lastly the seasonings. Mix all lightly together.
Baked Vegetable Marrow Prepare marrow peeling, removing seeds, then cut into cubes. Place in baking dish in alternate layers with marrow; then bread crumbs, and butter the top layer. Have the bread crumbs and butter sprinkled with a little grated cheese. The baking requires from 30 to 40 minutes in a moderate oven. Be sure to grease the pan or casserole well, leaving a little butter in the bottom.
CHAPTER VII!
<
In Cahoots With Him Meanwhile. Claire bad run upstairs to Bob Steeles room. Bob was still lying there, motionless, and Hannah, wearing a large white apron, was sitting by the bedside.
The girl motioned Hannah to come with her Into Lyman Fos* dick’s room. “Listen! Do you hear anything?”. She held up her hand.
“Eure I do,” Hannah answered, after a minute. “Is that what you heard the night you came?*’
replied Claire. Then, as the sounds stopped, she told what she had found In Dan Dallas’ cabin and about Susie’s mysterious appearance down the root cellar steps.
“Whal’d I tell you?” Hacnah’e tone was triumphant. "She’s In cahoots with that fellah and don’t yoe be forgettln’ 11! I'll bet the two of ’em are on the track of the same thing you're after, and. If the truth was known, she ain't any too glad to have you showin* up here. Yet your Uncle Lyman left her something when he died, didn’t
”A very generous the rest of her life Claire. "And he stipulated that Susie and Eb should have the rare of this house. If we were agreeable to that arrangement.’’
"Am’ yet she ain’t satisfied!'’
Hannah snorted.
"Do you think I ought to force tell what she knows?” Claire looked at the older voman with a perplexed frown. “I thought It might be better not to let her know I suspected anything.”
Catching Dan Dallas
Hannah pondered this for a min-ete, then nodded her head in agreement. "You stay with Mr. Steele and I’ll go down and have § look around. If Dan Dallas is coming back from the village, he ought to be here mighty soon.”
Tf Pat would only come!” sigh-
table nearby.
Dallas looked at her with new That was mighty neat
he complS-
Add the Add the
respect
of you. I must esy mentetl her. “Naturally I wasn’t expecting to meet up with anyone
i IV
here
• No?” Hannah grinned grimly. “A trick I worked once In the early days on a heathen Injun who figured he'd run his war path through my ranch house.”
“Well, what do you want now?"
By LOUISE LENNOX
Just about the nicest dress you could want these first crisp fall days. Why? Because of this style’s simplicity, its usefulness and its comfort. It is just the dress to wear around the^-house those hectic days when you are bustling junior off bo school and you still wish to appear cool and undisturbed by it all. Yes—this is the housewfie’s dream dress— so easy to get in and out of because of the button down the front opening and the short comfortable sleet es.
Complete step-by-step sewing instructions.
StyTe No. 2858 is designed for sizes 14, 16, 18 and 20 years; 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42 and 44-inch bust. Size 36 requires 3% yards of 35-inch material.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address, and Style Number. Be sure to State size You Wish.
“The advantage of sea power is that it enables a nation to fight it* battles far from home and keep enpmiee far away Thompson.
Yes
Dorothy
asked Dallas
Loaned The Gun
•'Where'd you get that silencer that rolled off your roof while you gone? Does it fit that gun over there?"
*T don't reckon St does,” he anI ain't had time to find
was
Lifts Grease
swered
out. I'm telling you straight. 1 was not the one who used It. I found It In the aspen grove after I loaned the gun."
"Yep. Ej borrowed it. Said he wanted to get a hawk that had been bothering his chickens.”
Hannah sniffed, disbelievingly. “And that would be when?”
“The afternoon Miss Fosdlek
and her friends came up here." “An* when'd you get it back?" “Susie brought it back to me early the morning after Miss Fos-dick had been fired at, though she mentioned It at the time. I
Income for * answered
POTS AND PANS
Handy Hints
Woman Wins Highest Place As Photographer
If potatoes have been boiled too much, strain off as much of the moisture as possible and shake the pan over the fire for a minute or so. Turn the pulp into a clean cloth, fold over, and wring out as much of the moisture as possible. After this treatment it will be found that the potatces are quite dry and palatable.
Fat that has been slightly burnt can be remedied by dropping a •lice of raw potato into it. Remove the potato after a minute or so. And if the oven is too hot for the purpose requirde, place a bowl of cold water on the bottom of it.
No need to scrape and scrub
in slimy water. A solution* of
Gillett’s Pure Flake Lye just
lifts off grease layers . . . loosens
hard-baked food . . . takes the
•a
drudgery out of washing up. Keep a tin always handy!
Mrs. George Pearce, À.R.P.S., of London, Ont, is Canada's Amateur Champion
never
didn’t know what had happened until the men and Eb came to my cabin. They found the gun had been fired, but Eb didn’t have any chance to explain then. It was when he went down to the tool house after breakfast, that he told he hadn’t used the gun himself, and didn’t know who had. He’d left It out In the barn so It would be handy and near the
As indicated by the returns for the annual June survey, there were increased sowings of flaxseed in 1939 in Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, the area in the three provinces being computed at 317,600 acres, compared with 212,700 acres in 1938.
Heading a field of 60, Mrs. George Pearce, A.R.P.8. of London was announced last month as Canada’s leading amateur photographer with a total of 35 prints accepted in 21 salons throughout the world
Mrs Pearce, an associate member of the Photo Forum, led the Dominion's photographers by a wide margin, having prints hung In Belgium. France. England, Scotland, Wales, Hungary, the United States and Canada. Mrs. Pearce Is believed to be the first member of her sex ever to achieve this hon-
George Pearce, president of the Foto Forum and also an associate of the Royal Photographic Society, a close second to his wife with 11 prints. In 16 salons In half a doxen countries this year.
For camera
who would emulate her feats, Mrs. Pearce said observance of a tow simple rules would bring success to any photographer. Absolute cleanliness of technique, careful attention to rules of composition, and •’lots of hard work" would, she •aid, bring results.
me
•Newer dissolve lye in hot uni ter. Tho
chicken coops.
“And you think that sounds like
«DIAMOND
Never allow the water to cease boiling when making a steamed pudding. If it does the pudding will be heavy and sodden. Keep a kettle of boiling water ready, to add to the water, a# it reduces.
A milk pudding that has become •lightly burnt, may be remedied in the following manner: Carefully remove the skin, add a little more butter and milk, and rebake in • moderately hot oven.
To keep your scissors nice and sharp cut up a piece of sandpaper now and again with them.
a
RING


c
a
r

•h
or
y% mom
SENSATIONAL OFFER

$2«
for it

Now!
Pay Osly
rail
ÏÏI11EHWJ S FI UIM!
We
ira#) la


BUM-*'
<

TISDALL’S 161 Yemgs $t., T
ix-Ff. ze

X
h
li
JH
«#
Issue No. 40 — ’39
/ /
I
X
B

I
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Everybody will meet everybody Ht BrteUaT* Higgeet Hazatir on October 17th, 18tn end 19th.
Mi. and Mr* H. Richardson and
Willis Richardson. Of
PERSONAL MENTION
nephew.
JSS3I
SSïSfâwl..................-,
Mr. Lloyd Miteheni, of Noi and#, visiting relatives ^ Kenneth, the arrived Monday to visit his oar- eldest ton, who became seriously enK Mr, and Mrs H K. Mitonem. ill while away, is hmvh improved
f Verdun
spent the Thanksgiving holiday Recent guests at the home of with her parents, Mr, and Mrs. Mr. and Mis. Austin McDowell
Fred Dale.	I were. Mr. and Mr». Alex Olmsted
Mr. and
Public Meeting
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Shawvllle Council
auna
O
Shaw ville, Que., Oct. 2nd, 1939 The regu lur peetm* of the Municipal Council was held at Hync*’ Hall on the
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll I 'i c II
son*. Roy rnid from
A Public Meeting in the interest of
FOR SALE-Pair of ( year old Peroh-eromt, mare and «elding ;	3 and 4-year-
old Percherons, «elding*. All dark grey and well matched. Apply to Cuve. Smart. R. 2. Shaw vide. Phone
Him Worship
I h bote date Mayor O. O. McDowell in the chair and Councillor» A. t). Eules, H. P. Kadea, Woodley, Howard ami Cotie.
Minute» of the last meeting read and
adopted os motion Cm. A O. Eudes and Cot ic.
The following bille were presented for approval
Harold Campbell............
Reggie Hedging.............
Gatineau Power Co., light* ..
'*	11	4* w. work»
19-1
Mr Thomas McCool
FOR SALK-A few registered Ayrshire oow* and heifer», due to freshen this Fall, (aocvedlted and free listed) ¦ I one Percheron foal, six months old Apply to Gordon RicHARpeoN, R. J Shaw ville. Phone 13-30.
Miss Marion Dale
( Supporting The Union Nationale Party )
also
Will be held in the
Theatre Hall, Shawville, Que. Tuesday Evening, October 17th, 1939
and child mi, Aylmer .
Mrs. K Phillip* and Margaret, of Ottawa; Dr. and Mrs. J. Willard, of Larder Lake; Mr. amt Mr*. S Win. Bundle, of Sudbury.

Misse* Nell and Dorothy Unison spent the past week at the home of their sister, Mrs. Jim Johnson, in Montreal.
FOR SALE - One Blood Foal, four
trite Brownie, Maryland, Quo.
|8f> 00 43 00 62 83 34 89 16 10
month* old. hay ¦ Apply to H. 1. Smith Phone 8-18,
I>r. Wallace Hex!gins, of Mont
J. L. Hudgins.	daughter, Mr*. J. G. Mailman, are
Mr. and Mrs. Ccurtnoy Amm, of 1 visiting at the Cuthbertsun farm Sudbury, Ont» spent Sunday with for a short time. They are here the former’s sister, Mis. Cynthia from San Francisco, California,
Draper in town,	and Mrs. Brown will enjoy seeing
, m o, .	, ,	* «. all her old friends as she has not	,	... ,
Mrs. J. H. Stewart and daughter, y^{tei\ her old home for fifty < Everybody Welcome Miss Jean, ot Toronto, visited friends in town lor the week end.
Mrs. Stewart is remaining for a week or so.
y	Labour, cleaning street* .
The meeting will be addressed by the Candi- jj
date, Mr. McOooland several other prominent Mr*. n Howard........................ o oo
n .... .	U Moved by Cm. R. P. Hides and
a Politicians	8 Woodley, that the foregoing bills be
l*id.—Carried.
As per notice given in September meeting by Cr. Howard, By-Law, No. 125 was. introduced, which reads as follows
FARM WANTED to rent or work on shares. With or without stock. Apply to Wilfred Lauuhren, Charter!» Que.
4 <X>
2 37
FOR SALE—One McCleary Range ‘•Northland*', good as new, large Are box I Will exchange for cattle. Apply to Wellington Smart, Shawvllle. Phone
31
God Save the King
WIND CHARGER—Made and installed at reasonable prices. This Is the most economical method of keeping up jour radio battery. All work guarantetri. For further particulars a Brown. R. R. 2
years
N-. ...i *. ........ ....	j| *he	nln:wî^u'tîe.xjc,atl0n
gS	. H. HORNER Pm-
Misses Lucille Brough and Shir Ithirtv-five of their friends met | f|	|| | be and is hereby levied on every dollar
ley Hods, students at Macdonald there in the form of a «nrprLe "ww -w-** :,amcu:: _w*c=XK=XK=3WC=_JXKZ_: nf tmridii* nrnperty on the assessment
College, spent the Thanksgiving .)arty ami to celebrate with them ...	- --- ¦¦¦¦¦¦	¦!' — —	1 roll of the Village of Sh&wville lor the j FDR SALK-One pair Belgian foa 1m ;
âüs fel55g|:pgmæ
panied by Mr. and Mrs. Henry ’gether after which Mr. and Mrs (..)mmittee at the same time.	tin; and the American canning in- all 1939 taxes paid before December 16, -
Dale and toaster Kdgar Dod* spent ! Grant were presented u ith a \ery	dustry has grown to such proper- next.	FOR SALE-15 Used Poult i y Feeders,
beautiful rug. Miss Mona 1 racy	----?	lions that it now uses more steel The first reading was moved by Or. galvanized, half price. Cull Monday
“
week-end guests of relatives and G.^nt exnree«ed tbeir apprécia- William K< w%td Hodgms. «on bined railroads of the country or the reading was moved by Cr. A O hades
friends in this district.	1	ti m	xvith	1	lew well chosen words of the late Rdward Hodgins, died	nation s building requirements.	and seconded by Cr. R. P Hades.	By-
i non	no	m	te	'at bis home at Yariu on October	American can producers now	Law No. 125 was then read for	the
2nd, in his 07th year.	I make more than 12,000,000,000 con- second time. The third reading was
About five years ago be was	tainers annually, 60 per cent	of	moved by Cr. A. O. Hade* and second-
seriously injured, but kept going , vVhich are used for the canning	of	ed Cr. Cotie. By Law No. 125	was
until a year ago, trotn which time food and 40 per cent as containers then unanimously approved and duly lie had been confined to his bed. tor tobacco, paint, oil and othei enacted.
A few weeks ago his condi ,ion be j commodities. Laid end to end and The List of Electors for the L»gi*U-
‘	cil for examination Am no errors or
omissions were observed and as no requests for amendments were made to the Council, it was moved by Cr. A. O.
Hides, and seconded by Cr. Cotie that the Electoral List be duly approved.-Carried.
Motion—Crs A. O. Hades and Wood ley, to adjourn.
pply to Howard He. Phone 0 25.
Shawvl
FOR SALE—One pure bred Ram Itamb, eligible for registration ; also one colt 2 years and one maie. 12 years old. Apply to J. H. Brown, R. R No. 2, Shaw ville. Phone 9 13.
the week-end in Montreal
FOR SALK—Fire Reg. Avshire Heifer Calves, horn in March. Fully accrédité 1 and blood tested. Apply to James H. Pkevkr. Campbell s Bay, Que. Phone 31 4.
Mr. and Mr*. U. A. MeDougal and the guests united in singing and little soh, returned this week ! “For they are jolly good tt-Ilows. from an extended motor trip Dainty refreshments were served through the Canadian West wheie by the ladies they visited relatives*
FOR SALE—A nu^bei New Haiushlre Red laying Pullet* some year-old White Leghorn hen* ; pair of Clyde colt* well matched and broken. Apply to Rout. Tracy, Yann. Que. Phone 25-21.
Mr. John \V. Hamilton and Quebec H gh Schdols Lack daughter, Mrs. Cecil Patterson Special Facilities and children, of Pembroke, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. il. !
Murray, for the week end.	»
Salesmen Wanted
Every home want* one or more of oar 200 dally guaranteed necessities. Make money easily becoming the Familex Dealer In your section. No experience required. Ambition, energy and perseverance only conditions to reach top. We Help You. 000 dealers make their way. Let's show you how to be successful and independent In a business of your own. Ask for Catalogue without obligation. FAMILEX CO. 570 St. Clement Montreal.
Questioner* * ibmitted to High
Schools in Qticlwc provinet? reveal the district
ISSS Hill SUff
health.	constitutional convention met tn
Surviving are his wife, the for White Plairas, N. Y . to set up a sub mer Lydia Major, and two datigli* stitute for the royal regime in the Pearl, wife of Rev. Jloss province of New York. In April.
1777. the constitution was adopted at Kingston without submission to. a popular vote. The United States Constitution was adopted on September 17. 1787.

Mi-, and Mrs. Cecil Lsnghren cent|v and children, and Mrs. Russell I Hodgins. of Seman*. Sask , are
The report, presented at a meet . . ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ee w ing of the Protestant committee visiting then mother. Mrs. XV m. nf tbe Quebec Council of Public
Laugliren, at North Clarendon. Instruction, said of 20 schools in
Stark nnrl terested. all would require flnan-
IISSSiSM^:
' twWMiMip—lM
Makin, of Trenton. Ont, and Muriel, wife of Mr. Orvil XVqolsey, of Y arm, and a brother, Trueman Hodgins, oi Hairy Hill, Alta. One brother and one sister predeceased him some years ago.	,
The funeral was held on Wednesday afternoon to Yarm United Church where service was conducted by the pastor, Rev. H G. | Steers, who was assisted by Rev.
I. Currie Mills, of Yarm, and Mr. Hilton, of Bristol Penecostal Mission. Interment was made at Maple Grove cemetery. The pallbearers were, .Messrs. Thomas, Hurst and Almond Hodgins, R. J. Tracy, Noble Hamilton and Man-son McDowell.
Floral tributes included the following : Broken Circle, from the family ; wreath- T. T. Hodgins ; Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Tracy ; Mrs. Harold Hayes; Mr.
Brownlee : the
Harlanî» C. Rowat
Sec.-Tress
Mr. and Mrs. A. (
Cemetery
Donations
New Television Tube
Can Pierce Fog, Haze
A television transmitting tube that can pierce fog and haze to pick up
„ mÊlÊÊM	^¦¦¦1 ccenea for transmission through t' c
All persons are forbidden to trespass ether has been developed in the or hunt on Lot 12 b. Range 9.
By order,
NORRIS BROWNLEE
HHIH	for an additional $20,000, to lm-
A large delegation from the prove the school for teacher* at United Young People’s Unions of j McGill University and to establish this district attended the annual a teacher training institute, was convention of the Young People’s made in the report of a subUnion at Russell, Ont, during the committee, past week end.
Previously acknowledged $157 60 Alex. H. Kilgoor..... ¦¦¦ Mrs, Andrew Hodgins Mrs. A. >1 Posselwhite Mrs. George T Horner.
Charlotte Connelly Dr. Ed. Taggart......
NOTICE
2 00 2 00 3 00 1 00 1 00 3 00
Shawville Wo s Institute .. 40 00 Wm. Armstrong, Elmside 2 00
laboratories of the Radio Corpora tion of America.
Mrs
The present teachers training
A. F. Byers, of Montreal, were
The screen of the new tube picks jp scenes by the heat waves given rl off by objects in the scone. Technically, these are known as infrared rays and unlike light waves, ?hey pierce fog and haze. Thus, what is primarily projected on the screen is not a light image of the scene but a "heat” or infra-red im-
Wilson’s Oarage
the home of his parent*, Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Howard.
The Same Reliable Service
¦spray s,
Mr. and
and Mr*. Gordon Women’s Aes'n Y arm United Church.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
ige
Instead of being photo-electric as the ordinary "tele-eye" or Iconoscope of the television pick-up cameras, the sciVen is thermo-electric, that is, electric potentials are generated in it when heat waves strike it. The thermo-electric sensitive screen is disclosed as being a fine film of germanium, a rare earth metal, mounted on a thin sheet of mica.
When the heat image is projected on it localized potential differences appear in the film as a result of temperature differences in different elemental areas of the heat image.
These correspond to lights and shadows of the scene. Now when the image on the screen is scanned by a pencil beam of electrons, electrical currents are released from the film corresponding with the lights
and shadows of the srere These , A„ ^ gre etricti, forbidden
sçïsrsatss
infi to 1 , T M ""	Calumet Island, County of Pontiac
With the new tube it would be pcs- Quebec sible, for example, to telev se a hot electric iron or a stove in a dark room.
Election Manifesto of Thomas McCool
Ford Servibe
Smallest Principality Has Wide Variety of Climate
Monaco is the world’s smallest principality. Its 395 acres would scarcely be considered a good sized farm in western America. But within those actes is compressed a wide variety of both climate and activity. The outdoor activities include nearly all the modern sports —along with the custom of sitting in the sunshine for an apertif at the Cafe de Paris each afternoon, even in ^midwinter.
Every resort along the Azure coast has its battle of flowers early each spring, and Monte Carlo is no exception. Folklore festivals, sailing regattas, and tournaments take up the time until midsummer. Those who don’t go in for such things get a thrill out of strolling through the medieval streets, or climbing the steep grades, or touring the art gallery, or visiting the gardens.
But the center of everything is, and probably always will be, the casino. The mere atmosphere of that palace of chance is melodramatic. In a funereal silence, broken only by the droning of the croupiers, the crowds follow their systems, work their good luck charms, and hang on day after day, week in and week out, in the hope of getting something for nothing.
Shell Sealed Cas A Oils
Mr. Duplessis has given us the following :
Old Age Pensions
Provincial Farm Loans
Mothers’ Allowances
Assistance to the blind
Increased salaries to the working man
Increased salaries for rural school teachers
Colonization Grants
Grants for establishing of farmers' sons on the land Better living conditions for the lumber men Return to the provincial treasury of moneys illegally taken by the former regime from the taxpayers of this province.
Increased agriculiural grants for exhibitions Giving the worker choice of physician in case of Compensations
Increased Grants to public schools.
J. P. Wilson
Wain Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Mua. R. G. Hodgins, Prer, Rev. A. P. Foxes. Sec’ty
NOTICE
I wish to inform the ladies of Shawville and Community that I have moved my Beauty Shoppe from t Hayes’ Block to the Turner Store Property on Main Street, where I hope for a continuance of the splendid patronage accorded me since coming to Shawville.
NORA MURPHY,
Successor to Miss Klatt
No Trespassing
be
Loti 16, 17, 18, pt. 19, 80, 81, 88, 83, Range 6.
Loti, II, 14, 16. 17,80 a, pt 80, 81, 28, Ringe 7.
Loti 9, 10, 11, 18, 13, 14, 17, 17-B, 18, Range 8.
Loti 7, », 10, 11, 18, 13, 14, 16, 16, 1*, 18 end pt BO, on 9th Range,
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
By order
ERNEST 0. MURRAY,
, a rW* For the Owners.
The head of any government who l|as done so much for the well-being of the citizens of hi* province cannot rightfully be accused of disloyality to the British Crown.
Whetj I am elected member for Pontiac oq October 25tt|, I want to tell you this. .1 shall reserve the unqualified rigljt to oppose aqy and all measures that nycM be considered iq any light of disloyalty,
monuments in marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
NOTICE
I wish to inform the public that I have opened a Beauty Salon in the Hayes* Block, under the capable direction of Misa Jean O'Neil, Government
No Trespassing1
HuntcTs and Trespassers arc strictly
following properties :
Range 10, of the township of Clarendon. By order of the owners
H Howard Pent • v Belmh ir J AH. KELLEY
Phone, 278
forbidden on the Lots 14, 15 and 16, Range 9
78 for appointments.
MARJORIE HAYB3»
i . .	. Manager
Shawville, Que
THOS. E. McCOOL,
Union Nationale Candidate for Pontiac
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
)
