###PAGE###1###

No 14, »7tu ÏBAB
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1989
$1.50 pen annum n Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
8HINGLBS--Old stock, old price.
A good buy now. H. A. Grant,
Brietol.
Pontiac Lodge À. P. & A* fcf„ will attend Divine Service at St.
Paula Chinch, Shawville, at two o'clock Sunday afternoon, Sept.
24th. The spécial preacher will be lit. Wot*. Rro. Rev. L F. Crothci e,	,
1). D. O M. of Hull. Shawville | Mr. Leslie ilorner, of Tim min*, Boys' Hand will lead the patade to I Ont., is visiting hi* parent®, Mr. the church.	(and Mrs. Jack W. Horner, at Rad
ford.
PERSONAL MENTION
GEORGES CARON IGOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
8e Ae, 0# Ce L
Advocate, Barrister
At Campball’a Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
Mr. and Mr®. Gordon Briber,* of Ufcprvo!, Ont., aie visiting their relative* in town and district.
Mr. and Mr*. Nobel Cumithei*, of Sudbury, were week end guests at the home of Mr. Cham Tucker.
Ottawa, Ontario
Tliis# old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premise*. The finest and most modern in Ontario.
¦¦Ill' with
reputation. Open all year.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer "|Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE.
Aladdin Lamps
Attend a an established
Mims Bertha Telford ham return-, . ....... . „
ed to Ottawa after a week's visit SHAWVILLE with her relatives in town and	-
Ottawa Winter Fair Will Not Be Hold
The Ottawa Winter Pair, .ohe-1 vicinlty dtiled for November 14th, 15tb, Mr. R. E. McRae was in Ottawa 16th and 17th, will be cancelled I on Saturday to attend the funeral this year due to the Coliseum be- of his broth Ing required by the Deoartmen t liens McCngg.
EEhS-à-1SSS
Mrs Thos. McDowell.
W. I. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.O.C.M.
Protect your eyes and use
Teacher of Plano, Theory of Music and Harmony
er-in-law, Mr. Corne-
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A., LL.L,
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St., Hull,Que*
AtPentiacHouse, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon. AtMoyle's Hotel, Campbell'# Bay, every Wednesday morning.
I wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong’s residence, Main Street, Shawville, on Tuesday of each week.
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.60 and up
Mr. and Mrs. A. Leftly, of Otta-^wn« visited at the home
With the President, Mi*s Abbie latter * mother, Mrs. Henry Ho-Pritchard, presiding, the monthly ward, for the week-end.
meeting of Wyman Women'. In- Mr. John J. Caldwell and hi.
atitnte xva. held at the hmne of S|,tei8, Mra. S Yonngand Mre. M. _ Harris-OHara
Mr*. Hanlan Young Fifteen Fairbairn, are vbitingatthehome „ The engagement w annonneed of
tSSSST'M"J"'118*a':,bHîSsasas3:Z.	—=
M ;.6^nCon’ti'"t”1 •	, Mi..:d.u.h- «.'SlSSrî"^ Ï«S HARLAND C. ROWAT
Plana for assisting with the Tea ter pf Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard Hod- Mr* George B. O Hara, of Ottawa.
Room, and for the display of ex- Kins, left on Monday to enter Marriage to take place October 7.
Mbits for Shawville Fair, were Renfrew Victory Hospital, at	-*-
made.	mine In training.	MARRIED
Quilt blocks on which names are Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Wharrey and to be worked, were given out. daughters, Misses Jennie and	Stark-BUTLER
### ### vvBPSiiSS EB.G"ar ¦* bdtiu'Msih. sz
wan honored with the presence of Mr. and.Mrs. Harry Henderson,	-
the President of the Associated sou. Alfred, and daughter, Annie, IUlSe< Anme Country Women of the World, of Un parquet. Que., visited their Mrs. Alfred Watt. London. Eng- relatives lu town and district dur-land, now on a visit to Canada ing the past week.
lUfil ###%-T„-„
son wa, won by Mr*. Fred Frit- Mr. and Mr* C. 0. Biesenthal The marriage wa* quietly aolara-cbnrd. High tea wa* served by have returned to their home in niz»d at 9.80 o'clock on Saturday Mr*. J. B. MacKay and Mr*;¦ W 0. Kap-iekaeiog, Ont. aftecmaeud morning. Sept 16, 193», in AN Davis, and a social hour followed, ing a vacation at the home of the glints Chapel. Ottawa, of Miss
letter's parents, Mr, and Mrs. Bernice Elizabeth Sheppard.
David Te Hudgins.	daughter of Mr. Abraham Shep
Mr. Jason Cunningham and sis- pai d, of Otter Lake, Que, to Mr. ter, Miss Gladys, and Mr. Lloyd Melvin E. Cameron, son ot Mr;
Queale. have returned from a Cameron and the late Mr. C. G. month's vacation at Kendal, Sa «k.t Cameron. Rev. C. G. Hepburn
accompanied by the Misses Grace ^S^iated	I ¦¦ !
and May Cunningham.	. The bride wore a navy blue tail
¦¦ i l	ored suit with a Dubonnet felt
Wyman Women's Institute
Phone 22—14.
ENGAGEMENT
Full line of supplies always on hand
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oeficr — In the G. F.Hodglns Building Main Street. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Je OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister.
«. Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
A 9
Shawville Fair
Que
McCulloch
Mr.
John McKinley, of Ottawa, were the official witnesses.
Following the ceremony a reception was held at the home of and I the bride's
CLINTON H. DOWD
». A, LL.B, C.L. Advocate, Barrister etc.
Maim Street . - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e *ary Friday evening.

parent*.
Mrs. Stark will reside
Special Baking Powder
S	»
Blue Ribbon Baking Powder
Easy Prize Money — $3.00, $2.00, $1.00
ON AT Le GUERRIER
¦ •A.. LL.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
j
St. Paul# Junior Guild
Branch at Qeyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
And Winter Work
Members of St. Paul s Junior Guild held their opening meeting
Thursday evening, A large | Mr and Mr*. Wm. D. McKnightl hrtt number of young ladies wfr* and daughter, Roberta. Mr. and present for the meeting, which Mrs. Jack Bartlett, and daughter, was presided over by the presi- Audrey, and Mr. Harry Bartlett, dent, Miss Melba Hodgins.	all of Ottawa, were week-end
Mrs. W. Way was selected toact-Ulieet8 at the home of Mr. and Mrs. on the buying committee, to re Lewis Harkness at Maryland, place Mis* Lucielle Brough, who	_______
baa has left fdr college.	^	Sept. 12tb, 1939, Jane Sheppard#
Plans were discussed to send a | Officers Elected tor Shawville daughter of Mr. and Mr*. A. Shep member from the guild to Otta wa, i United Young People * Society imrd, of Montreal, to Mr. William to interview members of similiar	J. Glenn. *011 of Mr. J. C. Glenn,
organizations for the purpose of Members of the Shawville United and the late Mrs. Glenn, of Bristol, extending the activities of the Church Y. P. S. met for the annual The groom is attached to the guild.	Fall reorganization meeting in the 4th Division Signals as C Q M S.,
Various expenditures were voted Sunday School room on Monday and was first in the Dominion ser-to be placed at the disposal of the evening.	grants' examinations conducted
Rector and Wardens in complet- The sla te of elected officers for by the Signals Association last ing nececeasary repairs to the the coming year follows : Presi March.	!
church building and the rectory, dent, Jack Tolhursc ; vice-presilt was agreed upon that meet* dents, George Bade# and Iso bel logs should be held weekly in-1 Sly; secretary, Elaine Horner.,	1e,
stead of fortnightly until the eud i tressaier, Glenn Hodgins ; pianist, | Anniversary, October 1st
âS&Rsfis
5& njsvb, 8Æ EisrAsr sisast	« «
“w:	——	ss'ssa
which refreshments were served by Mr*. Nurse.
II
The best half dozen Tea Biscuits —Made with Blue Ribbon Baking
9
Powder.
Empty Blue Ribbon can must accompany exhibit
on
Following a motor trip through Northern Ontario, Mr. and Mrs. Cameron will reside in Ottawa.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
HI MAIN ITREKT
PHONE, 2-22
Glenn—Sheppard At Montreal. Que , on Tuesday.
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4:30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Dp# R# Ee DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
oad Medical eiidirg nd Street
Robin Hood Flour
Enter Prize Money
609 D
. Eton United Church
D
Robin Hood Flour Mills special offer to duplicate some of the prizes in the Baking Contest—Provided the baking is done with Robin Hood Flour.
Make a
MONTREAL, [QUE.
PLATEAU 0381
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

Sales slip showing purchase of Robin Hood Flour
must accompany exhibit
•HAIS 3ÎS7
D. J. CAMPBELL
London, September. 18— H. M. 8.1 Starks Corn Courageous, a 22.500-ton aircraft | Reorganise t carrier, bas been sank by a German submarine, the Admiralty I The young peon announced today.	Corners met on Friday
The enemy submarine was at- re-organized their Y.
In order to make the 1089 Fair	tacked by destroyers and waa be-	Fall and	Winter activities	The
the very best in the history of the	lieved to have been sunk. The	minister,	Rev. A F. Pokes	was in
CP X S No. 1. the officers of the	announcement did not say where	the chair	and the following	execu-
Soeietv with the co-operation of	the loss occurred.	live waa	elected	I
many willing workers are prepar- Survivors have been picked up President, Leslie Dean ; Vice in* the grounds and buildings for by destroyers and merchant ships, president, Alvin Brown ; Secre-I ¦enlarged and improved Fair The submarine was immediately tary, Iverson Harris; Treasurer, this year	heavily attacked by destroyers Stella Fulford ; Convener# : De
They look for increased entries and is believed to have been sunk	votional, Hubert Elliott ;	Mission
bv regular exhibitors and trust H M 8. Courageous is one of the	! ary, Grace	Palmer	;	Literary,
that they will have a good number earliest aircraft carriers. She was Lennia Dean ; Social, Ivy W of new exhibitors, as-the rush of original y completed as a cruiser and Rae Smart; Membership, the work will have eased some at in 1017 and was converted after- Laura Hants and Cedric Elliott, tli* Utm date of the Fair.	the war as a aircraft carrier.	The next meeting is called for
Prospective exhibitors are re The Ministry of Information said j Wednesday, Sept. 27th, in the quested to make their entries this in an authorized »t*temeot the week by Saturday, Sept. 23rd, full complement of the Courage-except for horses and in specials, one, pins the peraonnel of the fleet
*" ”ri“" rSSKU ... b.d . r,du«d
1 Get vonr exhibits in early. Look complement of aircraft and thereat vour prize list for rale, and fore presumably a somewhat regulations.	emelier ciew.
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
See the Prize Lists for particulars.
le of Starks night and
Ü. for the
At Skawvlll# Fair
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGil University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phonb 1»
Shawville Fair, Sept. 28, 29, 30
an
Mrs.
ikon | At Camj>bell's Bay from Friday night
to Monday nigh of each week, g |
= II
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt#d
Church hall, at which time the dates of future meetings will be
decided. ,The Y. P U is planning| Eye, Ear,Me## and Threat Specialist
during thi- Full and Winter, and are also discussing the sponsoring of a special Bible study course to which the whole congregation will
be invited.
item#
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA, - ONT. W s HEM# t-iesi
###PAGE###2###


there ere more student with tales!
than they would have otherwlea.
And after we have done the ek
omental drudgery work, they cam take them and teach them a repertoire/' he explained. In predlctleg ¦ Sure future for school choir star
A pioneer In methods of school mask training. Mr. Spouse stated that the trend toward class teaching of voice In schools has been fought for 40 years by private vocal teachers.
"They claim we are taking bread and butter out of their mouths. But Instead, they actually find that
Swastika’s Origin Old, Unknown
Adolf Hitler Didn’t Invent It— Symbol Popular with Chinese
Will Co-Ordinate Work of Canadian Women To Be Done In Emergency
vouuraw
HEGEMON
ing.
People who believe that Hitler invented the swastika should visit the exhibition of Chinese imperial robes and tapestries, recently opened by the Chinese Ambassador
at China Institute.
Swastikas of red, blue, green and yellow, representing infinite prosperity to the Chinese are to be
magnificent ritual cost-
hundreds of ago by great Manchu euipor-
Î This Curious World C'l
-  ------ -, '	Tfli	ll
* »
'
4*


a
r


SMS

IF THE



<
SGJK)



seen on urnes worn years ¦ers.

• v
many
WERE A HOlLOW SPHERE. THERE WOULD BE ROOM TO SPARE FOR THE MOON TO MAKE ITS MONTHLY "TRp
AROUND THE EARTH, irs/S/OE OF
/

\
1YI
\

/
"m
\



/
\
#*
>N
!
The symbol is of unknown orlg
In. Swastika, or, to svastika, chants have for many years past been made to suit ail pockets amt sold In Urge numbers by Jewelers. Their appearance, almost that of two "Zs" intersecting suggests magic and mystery; yet it is doubtful whether nine out of a very ten of their wearers know anything of the history of the magic sign.
\
‘?(to

I
X

I


be correct.
/
I
I
•jm
\
/
\

\ A400N




Q
?
X


X


IT.

4
^SoS/
from a map showing a nameless CAPE, INDICATED THUS, " J>ASAA£E\~ THE CRAFTSMAN
ggggln Middle Ages
In the Middle Ages the sign was thought to have been derived from the Greek Gamma, and to be emblematic of Christ, the Cornerstone
of the Holy Catholic Church.
known, however, that
the sign was in very remote ages Introduced into India, that home of things occult. It is thought to have connected in some way with
COM IS17 IV NIA SERVICE INÇ.
¦ T '
%


U is now
BUT HIS LETTERING WAS POOR* AND THE NAME WAS INTERPRETED AS


* I
tion
"CAPE NOME"
Rose Is Subject Of Many Legends
l»\
been
the rites of sun worship.
In India, Peru and Mexico The svastika has also fourni on early Indian and Chinese work, and as tar away from the East as Peru and Mexico, among the ruins of old Aztec civilisation The religion there, too, was sun
divine for money ;
and
pro. 'ietu tliCiu.
yet they lean upon Jehovah, say. Is not Jehovah in the midst of us? no evil shall come upon us. The ecclesiastical and religious leaders of the people followed er-(their own desires) and led
12. Therefore
Sunday
School
Lesson
been
• y
R8
In All Lands Where It Grows —Origin of Red Rose

ON THE
GALAPAGOS
ISLANDS,
EVERY BIRD INHABITANT IS
ror
0
others after them, shall Ziou for your sake be plowed field, and Jerusalem shall be-heaps, and the mountain of
X

The rose Is grown and worn In all but Arctic lands and
iflp
worship
almost
those near the Equator.
hundreds of legends
as a come
the house as the high places off a forest. The prophecy came true, first at the capture by Nebuchad-
There are about the rose In all lands where
it grows. It is said that the original rose was white, and many stor-told to account for the red rose. A Persian legend says that the nightingale flying towards the perfume thrust one of the thorns against its breast, and spilt Its blood over the petals. Ever since
the rose has been red.
Another story says that the red originally white, but It
Vocal Classes
Help Teachers
1
*4
THE diameter of the sun is 864,400 miles, while the moon s average distance from the earth is about 240,000 miles. Thus, il may be seen that the moon could stray away almost twice its present distance and still make its monthly journey inside a sphere
the size of the su'i.
LESSON XII
nezzar.
Judged By the Heart
Mic. 6:6. Wherewith shall come before Jehovah, aud bow myself before the high God? Shall I before him with burnt-offer
ie* are
MICAH: A MESSENGER OF SOCIAL JUSTICE
Micah 3:1-12; 6:6-8
Golden Text
require of thee, but to do justly,
and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with thy God? Mic.
I
School Choir Singing Brings Out Hidden Talents, Personality in Pupils
Edward Johnson. Guelph's famous tenor and manager of the Metropolitan Opera Company, has for
so me
choral singing in school, naturally then, he has been chosen as honorary director of the master vocal classes in the schools of Rochester, N.Y. These classes are under the supervision of Alfred Spouse, who conducted a course on choral singing at the summer school of University of Western Ontario.
What doth Jehovah
I
come
ings. with calves a year old? 7. Will Jehovah be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? Shall 1 give iuy first-born for my transgression, the fruit of mv body for the sin of my soul? The prophet overthrows the outward means of reconciliation with God. sacrifices and such, reminding the people of the moral demands of the law. showed thee. O man. what is good; and what doth Jehovah require of thee, but to do Justly, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with thy God? This is one of the most famous verses In all the Old Testament. It Is a creed in itself.
CABINET OFFICIAL
6:8.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Micah prophesied from
rose was blushed with joy when Eve kissed
it in the Garden of Eden. A still older story tells how the rose grew red with shame when It saw that It had pricked the foot of Venus as
she chased Adonis.
The rose has often played an important part in history, as when the plucking of the red and white In the Temple Gardens led
time been advocating group
Quite
12	He was a to the Pan-American Conference.
13	To low as a
Answer to Previous Russie
HORIZONTAL
1,7 U. S. A.
cabinet
official.
10	Conceited.
11	Period of time
12	Lady
13	Bushel.
14	Driveway in a building.
16 Exaltation.
Time — about 735 to 715 B.C.
Micah, the sixth of the twelve
a native of

¦Millie "»¦ y
» a r< -\6
aiBMMIIWS BIQli
minor prophets, was
born about twenty
the country, miles southwest of Jerusalem. Ho pre-eminently a prophet of the and a friend of the oppressed.

cow.
15 He has been
in-----many
years.
17 Electrified particle.
22 Water barrier.
24	Any glee song
25	Plural pronoun.
27 Striped doth,
29	To peel.
30	Repose.
33 Tortoise.
35 To edit.
37 Group of eight
39	Charts.
40	Elephant
DiaHMMB
8. He hath
is

was
EflflA

poor	HP
Jerusalem in his time had become a hotbed of actions and intrigue. The custodians of the law abused
nobles fleeced the
CALVE
roses
to the Wars of the Roses.


their powcr;RgRHpgpgg poor; priests taught for hire. Commercialism and materialism were supplanting the ethical and the spiritual. Then Micah appeared, a prophet of the people.
Sins of the Rulers 1. And 1 said, Hear. I pray you, ye heads of Jacob, and rulers of the house of Israel: is it not for you to know justice? 2. Ye who hate the good, and love the evil; who pluck off their skin from off them, and their flesh from off their bones; 3. who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them, and break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the caldron. The people are likened to sheep who are devoured by the shepherds who should protect them. People are being similarly oppressed in many parts of the world today, in Germany for instance.
4. Then shall they cry unto Jehovah,

II Medley.
19	Behold.
20	Crucifix.
21	Dye.
22	Noise
23	Mooley apple. 48 Since.
49 Footless
animal.
NOTES
RADIO
• •
Jealousy Often Behind Gossip
VERTICAL
2	Rounded molding.
3	Genus of frogs.
4	Abusive harangues.
5	Half an em
6	To wash clothes.
7	Places where herons breed. 50 Estimated
8	Russian mountains.
9	Witch
46 Weight allowance.
NEWS
AND
26 Brother.
28	To seize.
29	Green quartz. 51 Punitive.
31	Lizard.	52 Viscous fluid.
32	Boundary.	53 Concerns.
34 Region.	55 He is
36 Toward.	secretary of
38 Astonishes.
41	Before Christ. 56 Crafty.
42	Small shield. 57 He promotes
44	Revived.
45	Cry for help at sea
lu ninety-nine cases out of a hundred jealousy is the cause of gos-
reminded In the fol-
By MADGE ARCHER
Thursday night's “Good News" over NBC CBL at 9 p.m Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra open Its tenth year on CBS on Sunday. October 15th.
WORLD SERIES BASEBALL
Another big event of nation wide interest broke into radio news last
week.
rights for the 1939 Baseball World Series were awarded to the Gillette Safety Razor Company of Boston by Judge Kenesaw M. Landis, of Chicago, baseball high commissioner.
Baseball is perhaps the most popular sport on this continent for millions of radio listeners. It is safe to guess that baseball has the biggest audience of any type of radio program on the air. It is very doubtful whether it is even surpassed by the fight championship broadcasts.
tusk.
sip as we are lowing letter:
••We were discussing the very human little failing of many people, of being unable to watch the other fellow make good. Having been a victim of it now and then, we felt a sympathetic twinge the other day when we overheard another girl ‘getting It in the neck'— behind her back! She had just raced off, tossing a rather flip remark her shoulder. The other girls
The
41 Augured 43 Liquid measure 45 Bird.
47 To sup.
broadcasting
Exclusive
WAR CHANGES SCHEDULE
With the declaration of war by Canada, programs on the Canadian networks may necessarily have to be adjusted. American programs will remain as scheduled we know.
golf score.
51 Postscript.
54 Compass point
good will through agreements.
f

over ,
could have said the same thing
and provoked nothing but cracks back, but there was nothing but cold silence, till one girl said in a surprisingly ugly tone, ‘She makes sick—she think's she's so very

TO BE HEARD
Sept. 15 — 10 p.m. NBC Tony Galento - Lou Nova.
Sept. 16—8 p.m. Mai Hallett’s
Orchestra.
Sept. 17 — 3:00 p.m. CFRB Columbia Symphony; 8 p.m. CBL The Chase and Sanborn our.
Sept. 18—8 p.m. CFRB Tune Up Time; 9.00 p.m. CFRB Radio Theatre; 10 p.m. CFRB Guy Lombardo; 10:30 p.m. CBL Pageant of Melody.
Sept. 19 — 8.00 p.m. CFRB Big Tonw; 8:30 p.m. CBL Information Please; 10 p.m. NBC If I Had A Chance; 10:30 p.m. — CBS Kalten-born Comments.
Sept. 20 — 8:30 p.m. CBL Jack Teagarden's Orchestra; 9:30 p.m. CBL Percy Faith’s Music; 10 p.m. NBC Joe Louis - Bob Pastor.
Sept. 21 — 8.00 p.m. NBC Jessica Dragonette.
but he will not answer yea. he will hide his face
____them at that time, according
as they have wrought evil in their


them; from
me
good!*
•The girl under fire was
of the popular
doings.
False Prophets Condemned
saith Jehovah concerning
axed
NOTES AND NEWS
Orson Welles opens his second “Playhouse” series over CBS and CFRB at .8 p.m. on Sundays with the announcement that Hayes will be starred In the first six dramas . . . President Roosevelt will speak over the Red and Blue networks from 10:30 to 11 p.m. on Saturday, Sept. 16 . . . the world's heavyweight champion Joe Louis will defend his title against Bob Pastor in Detroit on Wednesday, September 20th over NBC beginning at 10 p.m. Walter Huston has been appointed “man of all work” for the coming season on
to take up one sports this summer. To her delight she is • quite good and the older people, especially the men. taking quite an interest in her ou
account of it.
"She isn’t being overbearing at all about it though and Is just a bit hurt by the attitude of
Thus	,
the prophets that make my people
to err. Micah now turns to those who are in high spiritual places, the prophets and priests of the land that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace. And whoso putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him. 6. Therefore It shall be night unto you. that ye shall have no vision; and It shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go
the prophets, and the
day be black over them, the seer» shall be put to shame,
and the diviners confounded; yea,
their lips; for
of God. These
accountable in
are
Helen
teeny the other girls.
“Everything about her is being criticized, for no more real reason than that the other girls are not willing to accept the challenge that her natural aptitude should be to them and give her a run for her
1.
down upon
7. And
money.”
they shall all cover there Is no answer men will be more the day of judgment for what they have done, knowing better, than will those whom they have astray, who knew no better, iners” used Incantations and other unlawful means of drawing men to
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—For All Pop Cares He Could Fly
led
IS IT ALL THE SAME WHETHER I GO BY ELEVATED OR SUBWAY TO THE 200 -
Div-
ITS ALL THE SAME TO ME/
rl
f
9
yes:
Cod.
!.. W
8.	But as for me. I am full of power by the Spirit of Jehovah, and of judgment and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression. and to Israel his sin.
Judgment To Come
9.	Hear this. I pray you, ye of the house of Jacob, and rulers of the house of Israel, that abhor Justice, and pervert all equity. 10.
They build up Zion with blood, and
“With
:
rSF
/X


h&ds
(
p
• a

V
IV
K
rA
\
Jerusalem with iniquity blood”means by cruel extortions, by graft. 11. The heads thereof to Judge for reward, and the priests
f teach for hire, end the

i
4
fCosmsfct. 1SSÎ. ky T&* Nell Syndic?'» fir »
II
###PAGE###3###
Two Championship Rivals Who Are Pals
Tribute To Early
Farmer Can Be Trail Blazers I A Real Pioneer
NEWS
BEE HIV
fy . t



ÆSr Mi*






mm&k
PARADE

Monument to Mark Site of Koo tenue House
e
As Much as His Grandfather Was Declares Head of O.A.C.


m
• i





719
UNWELCOME NEUTRALITY: A story has been going the rounds that it would be cheaper for Britain and France to have Italy an enemy in this war than an ally because the Italians are notoriously poor fighters and would have to be marched to the front, so it la said, and spied upon at home.
But to have Italy neither an ally ¦or an enemy! This strategy of the Ails powers is presenting Britain and France with a difficult problem to solve. Had Italy come into the war on the side of Hitler, then * France could have attacked vulnerable northern Italy first thing, taken over ii» industrie*, and gone at Germany from the south. So far the French army Is confined to the I heavily-fortified western front, has ao excuse to attack Italy. Britain also is unable to go after Italian shipping In the Mediterranean.
In tribute to the dauntless explorers and fur traders who biased the first trails through the Canadian Rockies, a stone monument has been erected, at the site of Kooten-ae House near Invcrmere, B.C., by the Department of Mines and Resources. The unveiling of this monument, which marks the site of the first trading post of the white man on the Columbia River or its tributaries, will take place on September 3 next, with Judge F. W. Ho-way, of the Historic Sites and the Monuments Board of Canada, and E. N. Russell, Superintendent of Voho National Park, in attendance.
Built by Early Explorer Kootenae House was built In the year 1807 by David Thompson who ha® been acclaimed as “Canada’s Greatest Geographer.” Thompson —trader, astronomer, pathfinder and mapmaker- — spent twenty-seven years in trade and exploration in the West.


A farmer today can be “as much of a pioneer as his grandfather was,” G. i. Christie, principal of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, told 600 farm people at the Junior Agriculturists' dinner In connection with the Central Canada Exhibition.
The early pioneers made farms where there was once only wilderness, and now their descendants could pioneer In their turn by availing themselves of new developments In agricultural science and “reap dollars where their grandfathers reaped cents,” said Dr. Christie.
If the purchasing power of the farmer could be raised to a proper level, there would not be a single Industry idling in the Dominion, said the speaker. The younger generation of farmers and farmers’ wives could do much to raise the purchasing levels by Increasing the productivity and by following the advances made in agricultural science.
$
r


U


I'll»


»

%
I

v
m
m
9

mm

$460,000,000 WORTH role In the Second Great War may mot become Important by virtue of ear sending an expeditionary force (much may yet be found next to elesi) but because we are able to supply in limitless quantities, foodstuffs, raw metal, planes, small arms, tractors . . . Almost half a billion dollars in gold has been deposited with Canada by European financiers which may go to pay for the above-mentioned purchases bore or across the border in the United States. We are to be a reservoir for supplies, not men.
WPS*
Canada's
If a percolator is not available, good clear coffee may be made by, placing the ground coffee in a bag and suspending it in an aluminum pot full of boiling water.
Ifs The Wig-Wag
Waggle o-fte Kilt | Supply of Bags
For Kitchen Use
Dorothy Hobson and Gordon Devlin, two champions who swam against each ether in the Ontario Senior One Mile Race at the C.N.E. for the beautiful trophies presented by Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. Limited, are shown here taking off* into the water at Gua Ryder's training camp prior to their big effort. These two are rivals—but friends!
Women Make 1,000 Kilts For
Highlanders
New Oil Fields Seen For West
Cheesecloth Muslin Is Very
Useful
Canada Attracts Many Tourists
A band of kilt-making housewives Is being gathered together at Clydesbank to help Army chiefs overcome a kilt famine.
Their leader Is small, 44-yeart-old Mrs. Alice McColgan, who, when she heard a few weeks ago that there was a shortage of kilts for Highland regiments, wrote to the War Office and offered her help. With her father she had made Army kilts during the war, and she was able to persuade the War Office to let her tackle the
Books And You
A valuable addition to kitchen equipment is a supply of bags that are made of cheesecloth muslin. These bags, which should be of different sizes, ranging from about four by eight to six by twelve inches, serve various purposes.
When marrow Jam is being made, the lemon rinds and pieces of ginger used for flavoring should be placed in a bag and tied to the handle of the pan. A similar bag holds pips and pulp during the making of orange, grapefruit lemon marmalade.
To Make Clean Coffee
The cruet of bread that is placed In the pan with a boiling cauliflower, to keep down the smell, should be tied up In a bag. Fat for basting meat may be placed In a bag and hung above the roast in the oven. The melting fat will drip gradually on to the roast and keep It well basted.
Alberts Has Ample Supply but Output Depends on Market Extension
BY
The attractions that Canada has to offer to the tourist are gradually becoming known In a wider sphere, to judge by the license markers that are seen on the streets of the larger cities In the Dominion. Tourists are to be seen In cars bearing the registrations of every State In the Urflon, but according to the National Revenue Review, Issued by authority of the Minister of Revenue, Ottawa, there are those who have come In cars from far more distant points
In June 170 cars from 16 foreign countries, exclusive of the United States, came In under a 60-day tourist permit. Six were from the Philippine Islands, 14, from Hawaii 37 from Mexico, 27 from Panama, 14 from Cuba, 12 from the United Kingdom, seven from Alaska, five from France, one from China, and others from the Strait Settlements the Dutch West Indies, Venesuela, Newfoundland and Brazil.
Tourist travel showed a big Increase In June as compared with June last year. Cara that entered Canada for stay# of from a few hours to six months numbered up to 464,327, as compared with 436,166 In June 1638, an increase of 29,161.
ELIZABETH EEDY
AMERICAN OPINION:	A survey
made by “Fortune” magazine just before the war broke out showed that the majority of Americans oppose intervening in a conflict to save England and France, “even If they are losing.” 66 per cent, of persons interviewed In the survey were opposed to the United States entering a war “at all.” 24 and a half per -cent, said they favored entering the war If the democracies were losing. The sinking of the "Athenla” may change this proportion, but It would require a rare combination of circumstances, we believe, to effect a right about-face In American public opinion.
Discovery of major crude oil fields In Alberta and greatly Increased oil production for the Turner Valley field are predicted in à report prepared by J. L. Irwin, sta» tlstlclan for the Alberta depart* ment of lands and mines.
“The prospects for Turner Tab ley appear to be as bright as ever for vastly Increased production,** the report said. “The prospects foi securing additional major field# within the province, with the widespread drilling operations now in force, are equally bright.
, Mr. Irwin reported Alberta produced 3,264,269 barrels of oil in the first six months of 1939, an la* crease of 424,899 over the corresponding period of last year.
“WHITE MAGIC” by Faith Baldwin
Here Is a romance on skis In m setting of snow and mountains and the brilliant frosty nights of Sun Valley, where three groups of people are drawn into close and dangerous personal relationships.
Garda Allen . . . was surrounded It was slid by bodyguards.
Larry Martin: . . . was always catching Fortune's train . . . and never missed it.
Ellen Mitchell: “She was real solid flesh and blood.”
< Franz . like Hans dancing.
The heiress, the self-made man, the secretary, and the German nobleman come to know each other and out of their acquaintance Inevitably comes conflict which reaches its climax In a blizzard far from the luxury of Sun Valley.
“White Magic” . . by Faith Baldwin . . . Toronto: Oxford University Press . . . 12.25.
job
or
Two and one half tons of tartan and an order for 1,000 kilts arrived at the little shop which she has opened.
But Mrs. McColgan was faced with a problem, for there are no unemployed kilt makers In Scotland and she had to have help.
She remembered the women with whom she had worked many years ago In her father's business. Most of them were married, but she traced 15 of them end asked them to help.
. could -teach skiing, ... or riding ... or
MILITARY GUESSES: The pressed opinion of neutral military observers and some retired British and French officers In London last week had It that: Germany's Siegfried Line and France’s Maginot Line will stalemate each other all along the old Western Front for at least a year, perhaps longer;
Polish resistance will require the attention of at least half the German army for six months or more, (the annihilation of Poland’s army Is the primary German objective);
Sending of British and French aid to Poland will be a tremendous task — due to difficulties of access — supplies might have to go around by the Mediterranean and ep through Rumania.
ex-
t
Leaving Hornet
“Most of them have families, but • they are all patriots and were all eager to help,” she said. “Arrangements have been made for housekeepers to look after their homes.
“They are coming here and we are starting at once on kilts for the Seaforth Highlanders.”
When the housewives have completed the 1,000 kilts It Is expected they will receive another contract.

* x X
l X x
X X
1
y \
<

Traffic offences in London’s metropolitan area last year totalled nearly two and a half million, an increase of 1.7 per cent on the preceding year's figures.
i
1939
Two Princesses
Study Woodcraft | life's like that
Inventor Refuses I EU—Wh and Margaret Row
To Drive Car
C S. Palmer, 81, Discovered How To Get Gasoline
I
By Fred Neher

y/A
us /Moderns?
\ \ \ \ \ X
\ \ \\ u X \ \ \ < < x \ \ \ \ n
X \ S X
Continue Guide Pursuits i

»
flrttt
Grounds of Beautiful Scottish Castle

<

» a
m
On the mountains that surround their lovely Balmoral Castle, Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret are carrying on their Girl Guide pursuits In the spirit of the Guide code.
They are on their annual Scottish holiday there. A large part of their free time Is spent in “woodcraft” practice in tracking and collecting wild flowers.
Collecting Wild Flowers
Princess Margaret Is still a “Brownie” being under 10 years of age. Princess Elizabeth Is a “second-class” Guide. Both are ordinary unprivileged members of the No. 1 Buckingham Palace company of Girl Guides. Their companions are children of friends of the royal family, members of the royal household, or servants who live in the royal mews.
Princess Margaret is learning to share her sister's keen interest In nature study. Together they have added many new specimens to a growing collection of wild flowers and plants
names In the book, because her writing is by far the better, the friends of the family say.

üp
Modest Charles Skele Palmer hag “Just turned 81” still refusing to own one of the automobiles whose development he made possible.
Palmer, described as “a me/e pittance considering what It was worth to the oil Industry.”

IF /
W NEW SAFETY-
Z>
LOCK CC to BODY
tire
«5»

3 wliek trr ter
/
" "4
info

New
r
First Peppermint Being Processed
* NEW GEAR
-GRIP TREAD
V,
ThU
%
?z
%

m
%
Ç)
Commercial Crop Being Turned in Port Franks District
of

n
for
«
l

cw
The production of commercial peppermint for the first time In Ontario was started late In August al the new peppermint plant established at Port Franks, Ont, several months ago. According to Mr. Petro, manager of the plant, the peppermint is cut and allowed to dry for at least 24 hours before It earn be put through the plant. It Is then taken to the still where It Is pet Into a lafge, underground tank. The tank Is closed ang steam Is forced Into It. In about 15 minutes the oil rises with the steam and It goes through a coil that has cold
water around It goes through condensation takes place and the oil and some water come out at the end of the coil where It Is separated.
All the peppermint used in Canada Is imported and it is reported that the new Industry Is finding a ready market for its product.
L 1
S3
f,
’• H»v* tie
••««rely
Elizabeth writes the

//-7

#
X
»
“Let's put it this wey, then . . . Make believe we're sitting in the park
up jumps a goblin, am' you're scared !"
REG LAR FELLERS—This Modern Age
By GENE BYRHES
As the mixture

I M LOOKIN' FOR A BOITHDAY PRESENT
For my qran'ma
\ AN* I'Ve GOT < V SO CENTS TO
spend/ y

nah/ none o that stuff f
A LACE CAP WOULDN' GO WITH qPANMY'S KNICKERS AN' KNITTIN' NEEDLES . WOULD SPOIL HER
{>?> tennis qeipf y j
THEY HAVE SOME VERY NICE KNITTING NEEDLES AND LACE CAPS UP ON THE FOURTH FLOOR /

I

I

Am *
Z


L.
L H
\

\
I

Waters off Nova Scotia and in the Golf of St. Lawrence are divided into three temperature-levels during summer—an upper warm layer, a middle cold layer, and a bottom warm layer. In the winter time the upper layer gradually becomes cold but the other two do not change greatly.
i



I
SL
\
m
r t. r,
A AS
###PAGE###4###
<
S
8
Crw Kennedy-Voiron
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
H. T. Hvipmak
SecTren*
SHAW VILLE, SEPT. 21, 1939
Bryson, (jne., Sept. 15th, 1 »:iD
i
$3.25
Maple Leaf, 98 pound Bag , Purity Robin Hood Oastle
Ivory Keynote
Harvest Queen “
Three Stars Nelson Golden West Winnipeg I X L Big Ben Sterling
We strongly advise you to buy at these prices. Flour will prove to be valuable property
NOTICE
3.25
s«
44
44
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES
3.25
44
44
44
On and after this 13th day of September, 1939, l will nut be responsible or pay any bills or accounts contracted in the name of \V. J. Hades or The Shawville Milling Company, without my written order.
3.00
44
44
44
held at
Regular quarter»!	¦
Campbell's Bay, Wednesday, 13th Sent.,
11)39. Members present :	Warden
Robert B. Carswell, and Councillors Suuoo Downey, Thus. Burke, Eu gare J'lean, Andrew Judd, Raoul Poisson,
James H. Veever, Francois Rouleau,
Ferdinand Racine, Win. 1) McCleary.
Win. H. Barr, 0. A. Howard, J. Nelson Me Le 11 an, Ambrose Kennedy, F H.
McCann, Andrew Daley, Eugene Charron, J. R. McConnell and Wm. Menard.
After Councillors Menard and Howard h id tiled their oath of office, the minutes of last session were read and adepted on motion of Crs. Poisson and Racine.
A large number of letters arising front last session concerning the Camp bells Bay—K Alabama Road, the Sheen-Teinisca tiling Road, the Pembroke bridge, etc., were read and the Sec.-Treas., authorized to press upon the Quebec Government its adoption of the payment of all cost of the hospitalization of indigent patients.
Reports, statements, and requests for financial assistance were read from the Fish & Game Protective Association at Hull, Le Syndicat*; d’initiative de POutaouais at Hull, and The Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau, and discussion thereon occupied the Council's time until adjournment for lunch.
When the session was resumed, Mr.
R. W. Hodgms, Sec.-Treas. of the Agricultural Society at Shawville, addressed the Council and presented each Mayor present with a complimentary ticket to its Annual Fair to be held on the 28th to 30th September. Then on motion of Crs McConnell Poisson, consideration of grants to Tourists Bwaus was deferred until December session. •
The annual revision of the valuation rolls of all the local municipalities resulted in their figures for county assessments being left the same as last year for the coming year.
Correspondence with the Minister of Lands and Forests at Quebec re. a reduction of the minimum wage for bush- , men for the coming winter was read, and Cr. Howard informed the Council that reductions in this had been secured as follows : —10 per cent, of bush laborers are to be paid $45. per month ; 20 i percent. $40.; 00 per cent. $35. ; and 10 per cent. $30, to $40. per month, and that in consequence of those reductions the Booth and Gillies Firms, would undertake extensive orations in Pontiac this winter.
The following bills were read, viz J. B McConnell, $22.; Simon Downey,
$22.; James Poupore, $18 85 ; G. A.
Howard, $14.75 ; each and all for expenses on a delegation to Montreal re.
Campbell’s Bay Kazabazua Road, Sheen-Temiscaming Road and other matters, and The Equity, $6. for printing notices and these bills were ordered paid on motion of Crs Kennedy-Poisson.
Prof. L H. Hamilton, vice-president day of September, 1939
of Macdonald Col lege addressed the Council and succeeded in having the grant of $5. per month voted last year to the expenses of each Pontiac student registering for the Diploma Course in Agriculture »»t Macdonald College continued for the coming year to each such student registering at Macdonald or Oka College, on motion of Crs McCann-McConnell. It . was noted that no Pontiac boys availed themselves of last years grant.
The business of selecting a new Secretary Treasurer for the Council. to take office on the 1st January next was then taken up, and the Sec -Treas. read the public notice calling for applications for the position, and the applications of eleven applicants. Thirteen had applied but two had withdrawn.
Moved by Crs. M c Lei I a n Poisson, the election of the new Secretary Treasurer be by ballot, those receiving the lowest number of votes to be dropped, and ballotting to be continued until one of the applicants has a clear majority of the votes of the Councillors present, and that Councillor Kennedy act »s scrutineer to assist the Warden and Secretary -Treasurer in taking the vote,
—Carried.
The warden decided that he would cast no ballot except in case of a tie in the final vote. Eighteen Mayors were present besides the Warden.
Three sets of ballots were used be fore any applicant had received a majority of the votes cast, and on the third ballot Lawrence S. McNally, of Campbell s Bay received 10 votes and Merton Mulligan, of Fort Cou longe, 8 votes ; so the Warden declared Mr. McNally elected to the position.
Motion by Crs. Poisson-Racine, that the salary of the new Sec Treas. be $400.00 per annum, plus $26. for rent of office, and this was 'carried, and Mr.
McNally being present agreed to accept ibis remuneration.
Moved by Cr McConnell secoded by Cr McCann, that the new Sec Treas. be required to secure a Guarantee Bond in favor of this corporation for $2,000 to cover the period from 1st January to 1st March, 1940, when the regular Policy of Security is issued, and that this Council pay the premium thereon.
—Carried.
- Moved by Cr. Howard seconded by Cr. Peever that the Sec Treas. be instructed to express to Hon. John Bour que, Minister of Lands and Forests, the appreciation of this Council for hi» action in changing the scale of wagee for bush men in this county only, and by eo doing enabling extensive lumbering operations to be undertaken therein, with consequent relief of unemployment—Carried.
Council then adjourned on motion ol
session
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
3.00
<4
44
Chevrolet
Sales
4<
I
3.00
44
44
44
3.00
44
44
W. J. E1DES
3.00
44
44
44
2.90
44
NOTICE
44
44
2.75
44
44
44
i
Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 4746
Superior Coart—Pontiac
JOSEPH ALPH. MIGNEAULT,
merchant, of the Village of Bryson, district of Pontiac, Plaintiff ;
2.60
44
4 •
44

2.25
44
44
44
Fence
Requirements
2.25
For Your
44
44
44
2.25
44
44
44
VS
HILDAGE PAQVIN, formerly of the Township of Grand Calumet Island, district of Pontiac, and actually of the place called Honore, in the Province of Ontario, Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Campbells Bay, Sept. 13th, 1939.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU
1 P. S. 0.
District of Pontiac
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG’O-
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Look Fencing
NOTICE
NOTICE
Notice to Ratepayers of Examination of Collection Roll
Province of Quebec \ Municipality of Clarendon/
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality, that the collection roll of Municipal Taxes, as established by the Municipal Council PUBLIC NOTICE Is hereby given of Clarendon has been made and com.	* to all proprietors of real estate and pleted, and that it noxv is and will re
Public Notice is hereby given that rvsident householders of * this School main in my possession for inspection by the list of Parliamentary h.ectnrs for xhm ici pal icy, that the collection roll of parties interested, during thirty days the Legislative Assembly, for this ^ool taxes, as established by the from this notice, dnring which time it Municipality, is now made and com School Commissioners of this Munici- may be amended ; any ratepayer may, pleted and has beet, approved by the iJilv l)ten made and completed, during the said delay, complain of such Municipal Council of Shawville, at their md *t^al now ;s and will remain roll, which will be taken into considéra meeting on September ISth, 1939, an.	piSSMsion foi inspection by tion and homologated, with or without
that copies of these lists are now, and ties interested, during thirty days amendment, at the meeting of the will remain in my possession, for the , from t|lis not[ce< during which time it Municipal Council to take place on the inspection of all parties interested.	be amended ; any ratepayer may, second day of October, at the place
Given at Shawville,	Que, this 19th j during t^e delay, complain of such	where meetings are	usually	held at the
day of September, 1P39.	Î roll, which will be taken into cohsider-,	hour of one o’clock	in	the	afternoon;
atbm b..uudog.^cd. or without but such delay expired it shall come Secretary Treasurer amendment, at the meeting of Commis- into force and every person interested Municipality of Shawville. sioners to take place on the 4th day of alter having taken cognizance thereof,
October. 1939, at the place where meet- if he so desires, shall pay the amount ings are usually held at the hour of of tuxes to the undersigned, at his office, eight o'clock in the evening ; but such within the twenty days following the delay expired, it shall come into fmee said delay, of thirty days, without
Province of Quebec	and every person interested, after hiv-	further notice.
1 roxince or SJieie	ing taken cognizance thereof, if he so	Given at Shawville,	this	second day
Municipality of Clarend* n	desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes September, 1939.
Public Notice is hereby given that to the undersigned, at his office, within
the lists uf Parliamentary Electors for the twenty days following the said
the Legislative Assembly, for this t4elay of thirty days without further
Municipality, is now made and com j notice
pleted and has been approved by the Given at Shawville, Que, this 29th -Municipal Council of Clarendon, at day 0f August, 1939 their meeting on Sept. 5th, 1939; and that copies of these lists are now, and will remain in rtiy possession, for the inspection of all parties interested. '
Given at Shawville, Que., this 5th
Province of Quebec | School Muncipality of Clarendon
NOTICE
'

Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville I
J. L. HODGINS
Phone 64 J.
ixixiyixixixixi/trfl/ixl/iyiyix'ytxlxiy z,yixjzix'z; zzv xi/iyxix zizixv.z'xixv xw
Vi
HARLANJ) C ROWAT
DALE’S TINSHOP

NOTICE
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L 8 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
I
JOHN A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treas.
Municipal Council of Clarendon
RADIOS—Phileo radios, electric and buttery sets, at all prices at It A. Grant’s, Bristol.
JOHN A. DEAN
Secret ary-Treasurer. School Municipality of Clarendon,
cna
¦ Findlay Furnaces
Insures Tour Heating ?I Comfort for the Winter æ¦ Months.
Let us quote you prices
NOTICE—I wish to announce that after Sept. 15th, the pi ice of stave wood will l>e :—75 cents per cord, or #1 25 for two cord load, cash, with order.
88
JOHN a DEAN.	Shawville Fair
Secretary-ireaaurer
Municipality of Clarendon. September 28, 29,30
tioRDRX CuRRICIAN
BStt®
DALE’S TINSHOP,
-r
:tiK
E-lEnS#
L
T.:-; 1

Shawville Quebec
l


33

r
O z V

.*M6
b
ESTABLISHED 1683
- -

ppPt





INVALID
COACH
CJSi



Wi-v<
a:'*
vs —1
^ *


GEORGE HYNES & SON
— •

Directors of Funeral Service

‘J , > ’ ft. Douglas. established in 1813, by t&n Lord Selkirk. Adapted from pictures m the John Rom Robertson collection. Central Reference Library, Toronto
r.


>
¦w
Shawville, Que.
\
Phone 80
/S
NATION BUILDING
i
JUST nineteen years after Selkirk and his Red River settlers built Ft. Douglas, this Bank first opened its doors. For over a century, it has served Canada in providing the "sinews of peace" that has helped make it possible for this new country to develop into one of the foremost nations of the world.
Today, this century-old Bank is ready to co-operate with forward-looking business men and welcomes their inquiries.
Coast to Coast in Canada
Beattie’s Eye Service
Kr>
Zorcf Selkirk
In 1803, Lord Selkirk, the coloniser, planted his first group of sturdy Scottish Crofters In Prince Edward Island. Laîer In 1811 and 1812 he brought out two larger parties of colonists and established them in
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
borne Rivers. Ft. Douglas, pictured above, was built by him In 1813 the present site oi Winnipeg, as their headquarters.
NEWFOUNDLAND, JAMAICA, CUBA, PUEDTO 1ICO, DOMINICAN
C HICAGO, BOSTON, LONDON, ENGLAND.
DEPtDLIC,
Scientist*, Eye Examination*
¦2
O

Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
% BANR oi
NOVA SCOTIA

»,






* 4.V
¦¦Esr
OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERTE CE,


KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS
Profession* IO pt omet r i • t,
T.T. BEATTIE,
PrefeosioealOptoeetml

y
###PAGE###5###




¦»: v

S?*1

Service Announcement
The Equity
Quality Shoes
SH AWVIM.E UNITED CHV*CII
Rk> A F. Foke# B. A . B.D. Pa «tor
letsblleM «•»*
PURMRHKO EVENT THVMVAT AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
House Furnishings
You’ll Admire
Sunday, September 24 i 1.00 a m. Service at Shawville .1.30 p m —Evening Service at '/Aon
At each of these place» the Minister will preach on the subject, “Singing in the Rain”.
3 00 P m.—Rally Day Service at Stark* Corners, united service of Congregation and Sunday School ; special printed order of service. Talk by the Minister on “He m «kes the prisoner free”.	I
7,30 p. m.—Service at Shawville The Minister will preach on the subject, ‘Who Cares !"
Dr. Still's Selected Calf Oxfords with built in steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
$150
e •
2.00
Brown Oalf Brogue’s—A famite style with men Good Year Solid Leather Sole
As the days grow shorter and the Autumn Season approaches.... not so far away . » we begin to think of Home Furnishings.
$3.95
AU Affût* mu»t be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
with
$2.95
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather leather soles. Special............
Oboe First Used in 1671
You are cordially Invited to visit our Furniture Parlor at any time, when you will find on display everything in Floor Coverings, Bedroom Furniture, Bedding, Living-
Furniture, including Chesterfields,
Bristol United Church C. ARMSTRONG SALE*, B.
In the Opera Tomone’
Often called the hautboy, the oboe Is a wooden Instrument of a conical bore played with a double reed. Built In three section»—"top joint,M “lower joint" and "bell"—the in strument contains many keys and bores, writes a correspondent to the Chicago Daily News. The chief improvements are due to research con ducted by Barre and Triebert. Like the bassoon, it evolved from- that group called pommera, schalmeys and bombards. The tone, peculiar ly distinctive without being power fui or obtrusive, Is penetrating Cambert first used Win the score for his opera "Pomone," produced in Paris in 1*71
The Cor anglais, not a horn, differs in build from the oboe in that the tube is longer ahd ends in a globular or pear-shaped bell, and the crook which holds the reed is bent back at an angle. Its tone quality is melancholy and good ex amples may be heard in the shep herd's pipe melody in Act III of "Tristan," or in the slow movement of Dvorak's "From the New World ' Gluck wrote for it in “Alceste” anc "Orfeo." but these pails were played by the clarinet because the cor anglais was not yet a member in good standing of the orchestra. Although Mozart, Haydn and Beethoven composed for,-It. occasionally, it did not become a part of the symphonic group until Wagner demanded it.	,i •
Consisting of a single beating reed, the clarinet is constructed with a tube pierced with many side holes terminating in a bell. The alto and bass clarinets, howeyer, have keys instead of holes. .
Sunday, September 24
Sr Am!revs Sunday School 10.00
Service ¦¦¦¦ Service
i a. m. 11.00 a. m. 2 30 p. m.
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work
Knox.
At the above services Rev. B. V. McLean, B A , of the British and Foreign Bible Society, will give an address.
Sunday School 10 30 a. m. Service
Preacher—Rev. C. A. Sales
room
Studio douches, etc.
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
Austin,
7.30 p. m.
Phone 43
, ANGLICAN * ,
St. Paul’*
Sunday, September 24
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School , Morning Service Withdrawn
2 00 p.m.— Divine Service, Masonic Order in attendance. Preacher, Rev. L. W. F. Crotbers.
7.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer*
St. Luke's
1.00	p. m.—Sunday School
Service Withdrawn Holy Trinity
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence in charge
Sunday, September 24
10 30—Greermount, Morning Prayer 2 30—Charteris, Evening Prayer .
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
New Pall Patterns
Cold Seal Congoleum Rugs and Congoleum Bold Seal by-the-yard
/#

Beautiful new patterns of Barroleum by the yard two yards wide Rockfelt, two yds. wide 50c
A large range of patterns to
choose from
PRINTING
'#


75c

X
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position
to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
e
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags

Simmons’ Bed Outfits and Bedding
Shawville Pentecostal
Corné and hear Evangelist L. R McPherson at Shawville Pentecostal church, begining September 24th. Services Sundays II a m. and <.30p.m. Tuesday to Friday at 8.00 p m. Speeial music and singing at each service. Come and enjoy an old faehmed gospel service. Special—Young Peoples Hally, Monday, September 24ib. at 8.00 p.m. All welcome. F. M Harvey, Pastor.
iff
l



4
o
Billy the Kid, Notorious Gunman, a New Yorker
Billy the Kid, one of the most famous outlaws of the Southwest, was born In New York city November 23, 1859 His real name was William H. Bonney. son of William H. and Kathleen Bonney. In 1862 the family moved to CofTeyville. Kan , where the father died The mother, with her two children, moved tc Colorado, where she married a man named Antrim. About 1835 the family moved to Santa Fe and in lBG^ to Silver City, N M.
The boy had some schooling, but by the time he was 12 he had become a frequenter of saloons and gambling places and an adept at cards. At 15 he quarreled with his stepfather and left home. Almost at once he embarked on a criminal career, and at 21 he had slain more than a score of men and had shot his way out of jail repeatedly In July. 1881, Sheriff Pat Garrett of Lincoln county beat Billy to the draw and brought his career to a close. Garrett, who had been elected for the sole purpose of ridding New Mexico of Billy, had captured him once and lost him when the Kid. under sentence of death, slew twa guards and fled the jail.
Garrett traced him to the vicinity
The two men met
" I ** »
1
!
CARD or THANKS
I
The family of tlie late Hugh VV ilaon Pi endergaat, desire to express their sincere thanks to many friends and neighbours for many acts of kindness and tokens of sympathy during their recent bereavement.

Xx
I

The real kind, right from the Manufacturers ; better than any Catalogue House advertizes.
Farm Buildings For Sale
Farm buildings, consisting of a 1* rame Birn, Stables and Small Sheds. Attractive price for quick cash sale.
Apply to
MRS. JOHN BRADLEY,
Beecbgrove, Que.
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
in the market this Fall
If you are for House Furnishings, it will pay
Italian Milk Production
Italy's production increase from 10 to 15 tons of artificial wool a day from cow's milk has brought about paradoxical changes in her dairy life. The great Snia-Viscoca works, Italy's largest textile group, reports that 500,000 quarts of milk are used daily for the artificial production of wool. This gradual consumption has increased the number of cows in Italy tremendously. The production of butter has jumped up while the butter import has dropped off 80 per cent, the meat supply from cows has increased 46 per cent and the supply of whey, food for pigs, a byproduct in the production of casein for artificial wool is now sufficient for virtually all of Italy’s “piggy” demand. Indeed, India’s “sacred cow" is about to have a runner-up in world fame from Italy’s dairy heroines.
you to visit our Furniture Parlor ; the most modern and up-to-date Show Room in the County of Pon-
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
tiac.
• I
Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
"Tha
of Fort Sumner, with pistols in a darkened room.
Garrett fired first.
Pickling and Preserving Necessities



Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
“ pints
i
Girl Graduates Marry Three out of four feminine co' lege graduates, but only one-half ot the male grads, expect to be married within five years after graduation. Four out of every five v on> graduates are willing to work to help earn enough to make marriage possible, but only two out of every male seniors will let their future wives work. Of the coeds questioned, 41 per cent prefer marriage to a career; 28 per cent preier a career while 31 per cent want both, and believe a career and ahap-py marriage are compatible. Of the
men students, 86 per cent intend to own their own homes sooner or later : 85 per cent of the women have thé same ambition. Over three-fourths— 77 per cent—of the men
the same hope.
$1.00
C. F. Hudgins Co, Limited
44
44
44
Successor to
25 cts.
44
44
Zink Rings
06 “
44
44
Rubber Rings XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gal. 40	“
Pickling Spice, 4 oz. pkg.
en
Speculators are Warned
10 “ 05 “ 10 “ 28 “
55 “ 15 “
Roy G. Fraser
Gifu,
RENFREW, ONT.
Bax 886
five
2 44 44
School
Supplies
The Wartime Prices and Trade Board
warned Thuisday night that persona or
companies not in the produce business aod therefore not normally engaged in the buying and selling of butter may leave themselves open to prosecution for speculating in butter.
Section nine, sub section two of the board’s regulations states : “No person shall accumulate or with hold from sale any necessary of life beyond an amount thereof reasonably required for the use or consumption of his household or for the ordinary purpose of his business .
A statement issued by the board said that “steps have already been taken by the board to secure information with re
addresses and
44
44
Novelties
Flowers,
Mustard, pure, bulk, $ lb. Keen’s Mustard,
“ “ tin
Phone ISO
| 44 44
44
44
Parawax, per pound Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed, Cassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
• •••
•••••••••
Inks

Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. VNe invite your patronageJHJl orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
Pens,
Pencils,
Scribblers,
•flN°te Books,
Fountain Pens, Eversharpe Pencils
On
On orders of
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
$3 a proof gallon.
' taxed to an effective rate or || er cent. About two cents on a quart bottle
T Excise duty on cigarets increases by
^Individual income taxes increased by Excise duty on tobacco increased by
Vy ten cents a pound un 1er all tariffs.
f tlu1 last f«>ur yc
t ed »c
\ i <
gard to the names,^^^g ocespatioiM ot persons oe-eomf##iee which have engaged""flhvhia.-tQrm of g$eculation." WÊM¦¦I
ivcr.i
with an
tax
I
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
The Nevr Taxation tor War Purposes
THE CORNER STORE
and 11 p.
budjvt taxes
Here ire tin
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
shawville.
xv tr
"if"
i per wnt.
lift
1 V
LZ a
VX
l ( %l
a or tl
. SHAWVILLE FAIR
I September 28» 29» 30
spit its ir.ct
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
__
###PAGE###6###
kettle and crush adding: ltt I pints of water for each S quarts '
la# knew more than he was telling. But Pat did not reach the cabin. As he made hlo way around the edge of the aspen grove, he saw soemthlng moving up the winding trail on Squaw Mountain. He stopped and watched. A man In white was plainly visible, weaving his way In and out along the curving loops of the path. For a minute Susie’s fantastic story of tho white miner rushed back to Pat's mind.
"Apple sauce Then he started off at a brisk run to follow. If there really was a white apparition he would soon know It.
The steepness of the trail slowed down his impetuous pace to a very steady effort. He had time to re view again the events since the evening before.
The old house, crouching Sphinx like In the shadow of the huge twin topped pine. Murderous shots In the dark. Eb gone — and now Bob lying seriously injured. And things like that Just didn’t happen, not In this unromantic day.
Pat had come quite a way. And those trees that had towered Just above him a few minutes ago were spindling tops. He looked across at the Fosdick house, thinking that the arrow mark In Lyman Fos-dlck's bedroom, certainly pointed In this direction, too. Could it have meant, after all, something as far distant as Squaw Mountain? gleam of white ahead made him bend his shoulders and once more take up the rocky trail.
<To Be Continued)
JOIN THE

a
i
T
T
n
of grapes. Boil well and stir frequently; also mash after well rooked. Pour into Jelly bag and allow to drip overnight Measure the Juice, and for each quart, add *6 cup sugar. Stir well and just bring to boiling point. Place in jars and seal, turning tops one turn to the left. Place in receptacle for steaming and steam for % hour. Remove from steamer, leal Jars tightly, and store when cool in a cool, dry place.
SPICED GRAPE JUICE
8 lbs. blue grapes 2 lbs. sugar 2 quarts boiling water 1 stick of cinnamon 6 whole cloves
Wash grapes, remove the s.cms. Place in kettle, add the spices, pour in the water and boil gently over a slow fire until skins separate from the pulp. Now let boll for 10 minutes. Remove Are, drain through jelly bag, allowing to drip all night. Pour into a kettle; add the sugar, stirring constantly, until it reaches the boiling point. Boil for Ave minutes only. Pour into sterile jars, seal and store in cool, dry place.



A
A


i
L

B
t
% a

1
K
L
à
S
E
«I New Makes a New
STAMP CLUB
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
t ••
He said k aloud.
I IMP
rftrsTuVÀl
' i
GRAPES AND AUTUMN
aenulB* brWheat Cotai.au il «lit lm UU MW
eut* lamp. It bur* •eel uii~S4a •
6% fuel. Hm wide ferla» of ehsAa.
U o I • m a o tap *a#We. usable COAL WI ( h •iwllar - tma Mf on lama», rani# far P'	only SOe - a big
1 UK VOUR DEALER *
Write to ue fur 4eiatlal
L miiman lamp a stove
• For ten cents and the label end, showing the teepot trademark, from any packet of SALADA TEA we will send you a Beginner's Outfit of : 1—64 page Stamp Album. S—100 all-different stamps. S Big list of thousands of stamps offered Free in exchange fur SALADA labels.
$ SALADA STAMP CLUB - 441 King St. W., Toronto
m
1

Autumn with its lovely days of
Nothing k
cris; air is upon us. more characteristic of Fall days than the air pervaded with an aroma of grapes.
Great stress is being laid upon the minerals, sugar and vitamins (A, B, C and D) of the grape, but there is nothing new in the importance of the grape, for many thousands of years ago the value of this luscious fruit was acclaimed by Romans, Greeks and Egyptians. The familiar name "Bacchus” was given to us by the Romans. The Hebrews credited Noah with bringing grapes to their land. So let us rejoice that in our own land, growing in such abundant crops we have this valuable food, resplendent with its lovely autumnal colorings of purple and gold. Every wise homemaker is storing a goodly supply of these additional minerals and vitamins in her store room. The making of grape juice is perhaps the most important, for it is the foundation of many a refreahing fruit punch and is an invaluable addition to many desserts.
l; s?
L

vw*Arr*i'vwv
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
Wh I T IX DetH. WO « 113 Tereelo, Oat.
by Ida R. Gleason
0 n)6 NEA S»fwe, Inc.
SYNOPSIS
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log across the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, a young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house where EB SPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are the caretak-
Shadows. Pat hovered over his friend, anxiously watching for any change in hig condition.
“The Doc may know something
'bout Kb being down at the town,"
Hannah suggested. “Anyway it
won't do no good to let the police
come messin* inter things, when
there ain't a thing but a cap to
show 'em.”
%
' That's why Bob was going on down to find out himself." answered Pat. “Looks as though the opposition was engaged In picking off our men. one by one."
Bob Will Recover
Hannah snorted and squared her shoulders. "Don't forget you got me now. Mister. I've looked across r knife at a ragin' devil of an Injun, and I'm alive to tell It. Guess I can do something 'bout this what-ever-it is, that's kickin' up a ruckus 'round here. "
A faint smile touched Pat's lips. “I'm betting you can do just that, " he told her.
The shower was over now, and after what seemed an interminable wait, the doctor c.;me, followed by Dallas. The man of medicine was a fat little person with a cheery, red face, and an unpronounceable name. Immediately he took off his coat and went to work. Expertly the doctor's gentle fingers moved over Bob's prostrate form to the accompaniment of little clucks of sympathy. At last he straightened
color presented in Paris, both in millinery and in costumes.
Hand-knit cardigans that end at the waistline over pleated skirts are popular sometimes in novel color combinations. One has cardigan in apple green, skirt in black and a "sugar” coat in bright red. Bright red jackets appear over black, white, navy and occasionally other colors, one worn by a naval officer’s wife has a white sailor collar worn outside. She wore a thin black sweater and an all-around pleated skirt with it.
Newest of the slim silhouettes is that called "spindle” because pegtop pleats or pockets or drape widen the hipline while the hem remains so narrow, it is sometimes slit on either side for easy walking.
Carrying cut the Robin Hood note are youthful flared skirts plaided in red and green by incrustations paired with plain coi» or velveteen tops.
GRAPE CONSERVE
4 lbs. blue grapes
1	lb. of seedless raisins
2	oranges (medium)
3!4 shelled pecans, chopped fine Sugar.
Wash and stem grapes. Place in kettle, mash and • cook until skins separate from pulp. Press through colander, and with every cup, use % cup sugar. Combine, adding the raisins and oranges, which have been aliced very thin. Boil until thick, stirring frequently. Then add the nuts. Pour Into sterile jelly glasses and seal, storing where dry and cool.
A
Women’s Brains Work Faster Than Men’s
us.
Claire secs a curious arrow carv-
ed on the wall of an upstairs bedroom and, lamp in hand, follows the arrow to the cupola. A noiseless bullet shatters the lamp.
Next morning Eb Spratt disappears. The men search the grounds but find no trace of him.
GRAPE JUICE NO. 1
1 quart grapes.
1H cups sugar.
Boiling water.
After washing the grapes and removing stems, place in sterile jars alternating layers of sugar and grapes; fill the jars with boiling water to overflowing. Seal the jars and store in a cool dry place. This juice is best left for at least a month before using and is the right consistency for using.
GRAPE JUICE NO. 2
Wash and stem grapes; place in
Humans Begin to Think at ke
HANNAH, Claire's housekeeper, arrives and reports that a man is lying deed in the aspen grove.
Now Go On With The Story
Your Household Problems
Some interesting facts about the brain are revealed by recent scientific research. Dr. Donald B. Lind- I sley, of New York, an eminent specialist, has found that babies begin to think at the age of three months.
Before that the brain recordings show either a complete absence of electrical activity of the brain or small grossly Irregular beta waves oecillatiug at the rate of from 26 to 40 per second. Occasionally a single wave of alpha magnitude appears in infants under three months of age but rhythmic freq- I uency of alpha waves (visible evl- I de nee of the brain thinking) does I not appeal until the third month. I Since infants begin to perceive objects and follow them with their I eyes at about this same age, it Is quite evident that the human brain I awakens to functional activity at I three months.	I
They're Actually Waves	I
What happens after that? Dr. I Lindsley has found that the pat- I fern of the alpha waves (thinking waves) improves in frequency, am- I plitude, and rhythm with age, until I the adult level is reached at eight I to ten years. For some reason the I frequency is Increased over the I adult levels during the ten to I twelve age period. Dr. Lindsley is I of the opinion that this rise in fre- I quency is related to some of the I many physiological changes which I are believed to occur between the 1 ages of ten to twelve.	I
They Think More Quickly I A somewhat disconcerting dis- I covery, so far as men are concern- I ed, is Ihst women think faster I than men, says Dr. Edward Pod- I olsky, writing In the "American I Quarterly Review." The principal I criteria in judging the functional I activity of the brain by means of I its electrical effects are (1) the I frequency; (2) amplitude; and (3) I the rhythm of the brain waves that I appear on the film. In women Dr. I Lindsley found the average fre- I . quency of the alpha waves was 11 I per second, in men 10.2 per sec- I ond.	I
Have you fussy eaters In your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cukes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
CHAPTER VI
Disregarding the rain which had become a steady downpour, the two men, Claire, Hannah and Susie all rushed to the aspen grove. They saw the figure lying there, Just* as Hannah had said Pat ran forward wfch a little cry.
‘Bob! It’s Bob!" Quickly he turned him over. When he looked up, Pat's own face was pale. "He’s alive," he said, "but that’s about all."
Giving Cheeks
Natural Bloom
Casual Town Or Country Suit For Cireer or Campus
Learn to apply rouge a dot at a time, blending one dot carefully before adding another. The system of applying a lavish quantity, then removing the excess with cleansing tissues, not only wastes rouge, bitf makes it extremely difficult to know jus! how much of the color is rouge and how much is natural caused by the rubbing with tissue».
Generally speaking, it is a mistake ever to blend rouge below an imaginary line from tip of r.ose to bottom of ear. If the upper part of your face is narrow, don’t put color too near your nose. Regardless of the size and shape of your face, always blend rouge lightly upward toward eyes to avoid a white streaked appearance between them and rouged cheeks. Never put a dot of cuior on your chin and, except for evening, better not tint ears, either.
Fashion Flashes
UP
A bad rap on the head, that's all. Oh, yes, young man, he'll pull through okay. Don't look so downcast." He addressed Pat
>
#
A dinner suit of black benga-line has a slim skirt slit up the front and a pep]urn jacket, finished with a flat tailored bow. The accompanying blouse is pink mousseline edged with a lattice of the material. The little disk of a dinner hat is pink rosebuds and a pink bow.
Fur toques in light tones are approved in Paris.
Ermine, persian lamb and fox are endorsed furs.
Z
Diving
suddenly into his bag, he handed out a bottle. “Here, take a swig of this. You look as though you needed it."
,V
1 The first thing is to get him up to the house," Dan Dallas announced in a matter-of-fact tone. "You take his feet. Magan, and we'll case him up the hill."
The women fell in behind, and as they trudged along Hannah very hastily sketched for Claire the happenings at home since her departure and asked if you had come home yet. I said, 'No.' He asked did I know when you was cornin’ and I said no' again. He said he hoped you’d make it soon. I got to think-in' that over and kinder figured one more person might come in handy up here. That's why I come up."
t
i
Asea
Pat grinned sheepishly, but he obeyed.
“I suppose he fell and hit hie head on a boulder or something," the doctor went on. "Lucky you came on him when you did."
When the doctor was ready to leave, Claire asked the question that was uppermost in everybody's mind. 'Have you seen Ej in the village today, Doctor?"
"No, not for almost a month now," he answered. "The village church is closed for the sum me/ you know, so Eb hasn’t been coming down. He always drops into the drug store, when he does show up, and, since I'm apt to be there, I’m almost sure to run into him. I went down there early this A M to wait for some stuff I'd sent for, so I would have been certain to see him. Why?"
"We were just looking for him, that's all, Doc," replied Pat. "That is how we happened to discover that Bob d been hurt '
"Well, keep the patient absolutely quiet, and Til come out tomorrow to see how he is." The doctor shook hands with Claire. "And don't worry," was him final admonition as he breezed out the door.
"Hum, easier said than done," mumbled Hannah grimly.
Pat followed the doctor downstairs. After the ancient car had chugged off down the winding road he walked down toward Dan Dallas' cabin intending to demand the gun. The bullet that Bob had dug out of the cupola was now in Pat’s pocket, and he was going to find out If it fitted the rifle. If it did, he would have a showdown with Dan at once. He felt sure that Dal-
X
M
"Nick Baum phoned
mm
For evening wear Vera Bores draws upon Velasquez paintings as inspiration for velvet or satin gowns with wide but softly flowing fulness often held out over the hips by tiny crescent-shaped shelves, accentuating a tiny waistline.
i
%v
Afrvii
\

>
Susie glanced at her quickly. ' What do you mean? You know about Eb?”
"Don't know nothin’," answered Hannah coldly. "’Cept that I better be on the ground to look after Claire. What’s the matter with Eb anyway?”
Claire told her about Eb's mysterious disappearance. A grunt was Hannah's only reply she added, "High time I was takin’ a hand in things ’round here.”
"Yes. Best thing you do, Hannah —take a hand In things.” shot her a venomous glance."
No love had ever been lost between the two women. That was why Claire seldom brought Hannah to the house in the mountains. Now she hastened
"Better go on ahead, Susie, and get the north bedroom ready for Mr. Steele."
After the patient had been made as comfortable as possible and Susie had gone back to the kitchen, Claire dispatched Dan Dallas for the doctor from the village. Then she told Hannah of all the strange happenings at the House of Long

Smear the underside of the spout with a mite of butter as you are making the tea, and you won't find any drips on the tea-cloth.


<



WSS;
*

B8S
•v«y
Featured colors are called "Winter Blue,” "Glacier White.” The laftter is a faintly bluish-green tinge of ice, and the former is a dark greenish-blue, extensively used for day and evening and displacing black. Glacier white is used for evening gowns worn under Winter Blue coats.
Loose, straight sports coate suggest men’s topcoats, whereas town coats are smoothly fitting with fronts meeting.
Floating front panels which can tie at the neck or waistline, occur even on woollen coats.
Besides soft afternoon dresses, many tailored models appear in soft materials.


I


lllISllI
u
M
S'.

CUTS
Then
to
Susie
2555
SIZES 12 - 20
C1066IN6


By LOUISE LENNOX
to smooth
DIRT
Here’s a casual suit that you can wear on the campus and to classes for many months. It’s a suspender skirt that is ideal for such wear. It has a flared skirt, wide pointed waistband, smart suspenders, all so easy-to-make. A tailored shirt blouse tops this perfect skirt and a longer length bolero completes the costume if you wish. A lovely golden brown skirt, a bright blouse and a gay plaid
Trip To Coast Costs Her $1.50
just use Gillett’s Pure Flake J Lye regularly . . . and you'll keep sink drains clean and run-
For sports and daytime, there are trimly tailored, square-shoulder fashions.
Gray will be the season’s high style color for ski-wear. The particular shade advocated is dark and steely.
Small hats continue of interest in Paris with high dramatic feather-trimmed berets and skypointing sophisticated crowns. Although a black season was predicted early, there is still much
0#Rwm
lively
Girl Travels Inexpen-
ning freely. It will not har enamel or plumbing. Banishes unpleasant odors as it cleans. ,
Gillett’s Lye makes light work of dozens of hard cleaning tasks saves you hours of drudgery. Keep a tin always on hand!
• i
To Vancouver By
Thumb Method
From Ottawa to Vancou*
?or on $1.60 is Inexpensive travel-	jacket makes an outfit that will
ling. Madeline Leury, Ottawa high	be the hit of the campus. The same
school girl, claims to have hitch-	style is just as appropriate at
hiked from Canadas capital city	home, in the office or on the
to the Pacific Coast on that am-	street as in the classroom,
ouat of money.	Style No. 2555 is designed for
"How do you do ttr asked a re- sixes 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years, porter who Interviewed Miss Leury Size 16 requires 8% yards of in Saskatoon on her way east. ,	39 inch material for the skirt and
"°h. Just wiggle my thumb,” eras	bolero and 1% yards for blouse,
the reply. The comely young wo-	Send FIFTEEN CENTS (16c),
>• EÛH“	BiHSm
elstance to wom^n.
tl n	I ronto.
ip	s™
outdoor» only two fights. ^ 1 B,eE Y0L WISH- " rest of the time, farinera and the townsfolk along the way provided her with sleeping accommodation and meals.
• • •
THE ONLY DRY YEAST
SEALED IN AN AIRTIGHT WRAPPER
F1H BOOMS! — The OUktt’e Lye
see
it
ee e

of
for e
m
Ltd.,
to
A
Liberty

T

MAKE MONEY—WRITING
Short Stories
Write plainly YOUR
I

Let Femeeie Aether Teel Year

Ability Free
,U*t' 1
«H»™'
he expert guidance of McKiehnie hundreds of
$t*X5
I he
Archie
pupils are making money. Why
ay,11%
dues stories that sell, and help you find a market Decide now. Write for Free Ability Test, tthaw Rrhoolft Limited,
T.P., 1180 Bay t
4
Learn To Dance
ST*
A
fUtt"
toeltwetiaiM
. Easiest, Mo

Dept
Toronto.
Simplest
Complete in handsome, illustrated, colorful Brochure, each page , ir* * IVe Mailed Postpaid $1.06
Joseph À. Lewis,
521 Fifth Ave.. New York
oet Concise
The quickest way with cushion covers is to sew them to a short length of zip fastening. It| untacking the seams when you want to wash them.
Issue No. 37
'39
B

I


r \


x

F
»

»
o
###PAGE###7###

5^

m



SCOUTING ..
Comfort Cast To Wind* In Haste To Get Home
"WORTH COMING
OViR TOR!'*

“Hagle Chief’* le the new naiu» of Sir Percy Ererett, Deputy Com mleitooer of Imperial Headquarters of the Boy Scoots Association, el present touring Canada, g
hershlp to the west-the Cree Indians

*> *

s
t , , V I
: - '


The
!
Dine if a grand smoke any way you take it. The tobacco stay# fresh and flavourful until you cut it off the plug-and every p«peU
lasts longer.
and mem
era branch M ____ I
Was dramaAcally conferred upon the Scout Commissioner by Chief Sampson and a tribe assembly la full ceremlnlal dress. A Scout Jamboree at Camp Woods, on Sylvan Lake, near Edmonton, Forming a background for the campfire cere-ny were a large number of Boy Scouts in Indian dress. The name “Eagle Chief" presumably was suggested by the fact that Sir Percy red down to the lake from the shies, |n a plane, and left by the eagle-Uke means. The new,



f
iH


•ilfl
#
e
honorary chief was presented with
a ceremonial head drees of feath-
beaded
al of some 70,000 newspaper clippings In his search for material. Written and Photographie Record
The co-ordination of this m of material is not bis only task, It includes also the selection of Illustrations for the book, to be picked from thousands taken during the tour. The book, when finished, will not only contain a written history of the event, but also a complete photographic record.
The expectation is that it will be two months more before the volume Is ready for publication.
and a beautifully
More Babies Born In Great Britain

pouch.	* ~
The friendly reception given by the Scouts of London, Ont., to a troop of American Scouts from Texas at the time of the Ki t^ ¦* visit was credited by the London Free Frees with bringing tourists from Texas into Western Ontario. A tourist party arriving in July declared that they were "sold ' on Canada as a friendly vacation goal by the way their Boy Scouts had been received there at the time of the Royal Visit.







During Past Year — Birthrate
In England, Scotland
Wales Shows Big Increase
¦'	——	a
Britain's falling birth-rate has been arrested and births in England, Scotland and Wales this year are expected to show an increase of 25,000.
Thus the fear that a rapid decline in the population would set in from 1941 has been dispelled.
The special committee of biologists and statisticians advising the Government has noticed that instead of continuing its downward direction the birth-rate has begun to go up again.
Births during this year are expected to be well over 700,000.

Pi
*‘p#


A

*
EE’S sraEBHS SrSSK SfcrsrSSrnS
porte in many lands.
Before Painting Wood Surfaces
Modern
Etiquette
Bank of Canada Haven for Gold
As In the past. King's Scouts and First Class Scouts from the Toronto District acted as ushers the grandstand at the C. N. 1. The rounding up of lost children and other forms of service also were carried out as usual.
The past vacation season saw a record number of Boy Scouts in camp throughout the province. Well over 200 camps had been registered at Provincial Headquarters
In mid-July.
Some 12,000 young pine trees were planted by Scouts and Cube of Upper Canada College at Nor-val, as the first step toward developing the 666 acrp college campsite. The trees, red, white and scotch pine, were planted under the direction of Mr. A. H. Richardson, forester In charge of provincial reforestation.
BaveYouHeaid
Remove Loose Putty, Fill Nefl Holes, Kill the Pitch in the Knots
BY ROBERTA LEE
on
Question*
1.	Ii it permissible for the bride find bridegroom to receive congratulations in the church?
2.	Would it be bad taste for a to wear a tuxedo or dinner
Before the war began, caution# Britons decided in increasing nu bers that the vaults of the Bank of Canada here offer the safest repository for their gold.
Transfers of gold bullion frosa the British Isles to Canada increased sharply, and some $60,000,000 worth was shipped from London to the bank vaults at Ottawa within recent weeks.
While Bank of Canada officials reticent about the total valus of gold in storage here for British customers, it was estimated there might be as much as $450,000,000 of the precious yellow metal in the bank belonging te private customers.
New unpainted wood usually needs very little preparation. Dusting off loose dirt, removing mortar, plaster, or cement with a scraper or sandpaper, and filling nail holes and loose joints with putty enough after the priming coats is dry may be enough.
Charring with a blowtorch will kill the pitch in knots, but the usual method is to apply a thin coat of orange shellac to all pitch places before the surface is painted. Resinous wood like yellow pine should be brushed over with turpentine just before it is painted; cedar should be brushed over with solvent naptha or benzol.
Rub With Sandpaper A painted surface that is simply chalky needs only to be dusted. All paint that has begun to scale peel must be removed by scraping or brushing with a wire brush; adherent paint that is check-
The village “softie- It offered the choice of a quarter or a penny would always take the penny. A visitor heard about this, so decided to test him. Sure enough, he took the penny, not the quarter. Later in the day the visitor mat “Softie" in a quiet lane and asked him why he had taken the penny.
“Well, you see It's like tils. As you be a stranger, I tell ye, but don't let on In the village. I knows the difference in copper and silver, but If I ever took the silver no-body'd ever try me again."
Beatrice says she has seen
but eighteen mummers."
“Well, she always was unobservant."
jacket % a formal dinner.
3.	When is it proper to serve
corn on the cob?
4.	Has a host the privilege of telling His guests when to stop drinking?
5.	What does it indicate when a hostess invites some guests to dine informally and then has a large and elaborate dinner?
6.	When a girl stenographer la being introduced to a man in the office, should she rise?
Royal Tour Book Nearly Completed
Dominion Archivist Busy on History of Their Majesies*
are
Visit
Within the next few weeks, the Government will provide the people of Canada with a complete and official history of the Royal tour of the Dominion. The volume, that has been under preparation ever since Their Majesties left Canadian shores, will be made available to the general public, probably In two editions.
Archivist Made Entire Tour on
Royal Train
Dr. Gustave Lanctot, Dominion archivist, Is hard at work in preparation of the volume. As official historian, he made the entire tour aboard the Royal train. His own personal observations are being supplemented by a mass of material culled mainly from press reports of the trip. Since Their Majesties sailed from Halifax In Jane, he has studied and classified a tot-
1. Nc; they no not receive any congratulations in the church, but should go at once to the place where the breakfast or reception is to be held. 2. Yes. Unless he has formal evening dress he should not attend. 3. Only at family dinners. 4. No; but he should know the habits of his guests before inviting one who is so weak in his habits that he is liable to lose all self-control, as well as self-respect. 6. It indicates that the hostess needs training in the rules cf etiquette. C. No; it is not required.
Will Export
When he was Just four, a young lad was very much interested In a wedding that he had seen. For days afterwards he would speak of nothing else. One night he asked: "Daddy, have you been marrledf
to mamma,"
Many Turnips
or
more
ed may be softened with a blowtorch and then scraped off.
Surfaces that have been varnished or enameled should be rubbed with fine sandpaper, curled horsehair, or fine steel wool until the gloss is removed.
JT. J. Johnson, Dominion fruit and vegetable inspector, London, Ont, estimates that 1,500,000 bushels of "rutabagas" will be exported from Western Ontario to the United States during the
1939-40 season.	"
Blyth and Wingham, in Huron county, will be in the field this
turn ip-waxing
JUST sy* **
"Yes, of course he replied.
"Is It very hard to get married?
Sonny continued.
"No," his father replied, "we did
liMMMMMHiË I After
*
not find it very difficult-some cogitation the young son spoke again.
"Of course, It was not difficult for you, because you only got married to mamma, but I muet marry some strange woman."
Yellow Glass Used With Purple Chalk
with new
year
plants.
FARM
PROBLEMS
Classified....
Advertising..
Days of the schoolroom blackboard in Sudbury, Ont, are numbered. When school opened this year
low glass with purple chalk In the King George Public School, most recent addition to Sudbury's school buildings. Blackboards are said to absorb too much light and all the boards will be changed If the experiment proves successful.
PHOTO FINISHING
AGENTS WANTED
BIGHT ENLARGED PRINTS 26e. Special offer for summer, colortone enlargement with any. order of 25c or more. Films developed and 1 enlarged double sise# prints 26c. Reprints 4c each. Canada Photo Supply. Box 121, Toronto
Finishers
"Why have you been
j Cop:	_	_____
sitting In your car all afternoon V
QI have heard that you have 10% Superphosphate Fertiliser to mix with manure. I would like to knew whether this would apply for fruits, grapes and garden
plants.
A.—In answer to your inquiry I would say that the use of 20% Superphosphate as a supplement to manure is a well-established practice. This should be a good material to use as a mulch around fruit» trees and between grape vines. It may require an addition of Potash and possibly Nitrogen to make it moat suitable for grape;.—“A.M.—Wentworth Co."
Q.—I am writing you regarding a fertilizer problem. We have in our locality a club that mixes fertilizer in the Spring of the year. Agents for other brands tell me that fertilizer that is not mixed some months ahead and ther reground in the Spring,
become available aa
pupils began writing on yel-
AGENTS WANTED—IN ALL Districts In Canada for Indestructible Household Necessity. Send lie for sample. Money refunded If not satisfied. London Vending Co., IS Wolseley Avenue. London, Ont
•I’m waiting for
gg Motorist: two gentlemen."
Cop: “Who are they?"
| Motorist:
the car In front of mo
Canada's Largest Photo
FREE SILKY ENLARGEMENT
MEN WANTED IN EVERT CITY. Sell Dexter Weatherproof service shoes, greatest shoe value In Canada. Complete line of boots and shoes for men and women. Also raincoats and windbreakers. Free selling outfit Dexter Shoe Company, Limited, Montreal.
"The
one
MOUNTED IN BASEL BACK mount with every roll received and I deckle edge Velox prints 25c. 10 reprints 26c. Your favourite snapshot enlarged, coloured, mounted In leatherette frame lie. Royal Photo Service, Box 6, Station F. Toronto.
PRINTING
owns
and the one who owns the car In back."
ATTENTION HOUSEWIVES— Know your Preserves and Pick-lee. 100 Assorted Labels 10c. SO# Labels 26c postpaid. Lewis Printing, Station H. Toronto, Canada.
Australis is boasting that over 1,200,000 men's felt hats will be made this year.
It's A Poor Joke When someone blushes with embarrassment.
When someone’s feelings are
“QUICK SAND WELLS"
IIABY CHICKS
HAIR GOODS
WRITE R. J. ASHTON, R.R. NO. Port Hope. Ont. New. pate— screen for dug or drilled wellA guaranteed.
à
8PRUCELEIGH WHITE LEGHORN Pullets, farm-ranged. May-hatched, September delivery, |1. each. —Wood's Poultry. Route 6, Rock-wood. Ontario.
WIGS, TOUPES. TRANSFORMA-
Curie, and all quality Hair Illustrated cau-
tions. Switches, types of finest Goode. Write for logue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co . 621 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
h u r t
How Can I ?
When something sacred Is mads to appear commonplace.
When It Is directed against the
Infirmity of someone.
When It Is uttered In a bitter
TIRES AND BICYCLES FOR
BOOKS
11 UP. GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles. $10 up. Write for bargain price list Toronto Tire, ltf Dundee West Toronto,_	•>.
BY ANNE ASH1 EY
CANCER AND FOODS WITH A note on Soli Fertilisation and Milk. A Resume of the latest Scientific Findings, price 50 els., by C. G. S. Baronefeather, M.A., M.D., LLB.	11023—81 Avenue,
Edmonton, Alberta
MACHINERY AND SUPPLIES
Q.—How can I cut a bar of
soap more easily?
A.—Dip the knife into boiling
water before cutting.
q.—How can I clean a straw
all for values In bolting.
spirit.	.
When everyone cannot Join In
the laughter.
^BOVE
jviEW friction rubber belting. #". 41 ' ply. at 25c per foot.
other sixes at low prices.
USED CARS FOR SALE
BUY FARR
THE BEST

•*| suppose when you have been flying for a year or so It becomes second nature."
“Surest thing you know. Why, I’m getting so that I often feel a craving for worms and bird seed."
p EM EMBER! Grain King endless K thresher belts stand the gaff. Write for prices.
qEND your order early, large stock 3 In all sixes. In canvas and endless thresher belts.
SMITH Belting Works. 138 York
. Street, APelalde 1437. Toronto.
CATTLE
hat?	,
A.—For each hat, take the
juice of two lemons, add enough powdered sulphur to make a thin paste, apply on the hat, and then dry in the sun. When thoroughly dry, rub off the surplus sulphur.
q.—How can I prevent an iron
from sticking to the goods?
A —If a small quantity of turpentine is added to the pot of starch, it will prevent the iron
from sticking to the goods.
Q.—How can I improve the
flavor of apple sauce?
A.—Add a few drops of lemon juice. This is especially effective
if the apples have a flat taste.
kid
does not quicklv to the plant. Is this correct? There is a difference of about Five Dollars in price in faver of the local fertilizer per ton #f similar analysis. Which is the
best buy?
A.—In answer to your inquiry 1 would say that R is not so much Ike matter of availability of planî food that is concerned in this in-
it is evenly mixed fer-
CHEVROLET coach, six thousand miles, black. CHEVROLET coach, Master de luxe. Royal tires, trunk* mohair trim, new car performance* maroon or blue.
CHEVROLET truck. ' hear* duty stake. Dual, excellent motor, tires. 6-ton license. .
M (CHEVROLET sedan. Master de luxe, trunk, blue, excellent tires and finish, special equipment* guaranteed performance. tif. FORD Tudor, trunk, blaclu 3nappy performance. good tires, spec % 1 price.
CHEVROLET#!#
ttx ,a.
’39
DUAL-PURPOSE SHORTHORN Bulla also Heifer Calves, accredtt-
Bsystde
’38
ed. high production. Farm, Owen Sound, Ont
N
’37
CHRISTMAS CARDS
MACHINERY AND SUPPLIES FOR
SALE
SEND FOR THE CELEBRATED "Royal" sample book of Personal Carda A beautiful selection of désigné which Includes six hand-Calendars. Entirely free. Personal Cards, $1.00 per dosen up. Big Commissions and Prem-Iturns. Increased values and extra free cards for ear# orders. Very attractive men ta
’37
Exports of planks and boards during June, 1939, amounted to 206,861,000 feet valued at #4 740,663 compared with 166,639,000 feet worth $3,687,666 in May and 166,177,000 feet valued at 3,627,067 in June, 1938.
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description. Shop sus-
lr.ery Co , l td. $4 Front Street West. Toronto._________________-
stance a#	,
tilizer,. and fertilizer*, in& good drilling condition. Factory-mixed goods are carefully and thoroughly blended 1 by machinery. Any chemical action that may take place causing the setting of the fertilizer is allowed to proceed in Ike pik* Before the fertilizer is skipped wit for use, it is reground
d resrfted to ensure good drill-
"G.D.—Perth
coach, Maetee
36
MEN’S SHIRTS
eed
8
Boxed Card assort-Bxperlonce or capital un-ry. Orders despatched wlth-
I’uhliehed OV-.1 Publishing
sm
jgdM—
lines, excellent tires. tit CHEVROLET coach, standard blue, peppy motor, good tlf## brakes, neat appearance.
>ic PONTIAC sedan, de luxe, wttk trunk, new car condition, dual equipment good ttrea, at sale prlca. INTERNATIONAL truck. * ton. tires, motor like ne», new
MEN'S SHIRTS, WHITE, STRIP*» pattern», English broadcloth. at-
U*t"lIH. UP|Y1T*mC°1| tor «I.M. Davids. 17$ Craig West Montreal
in $4 hra. of receipt
Royal
er 27 y
Company, P.O. Box 1600, Montreal
DRINK srZRtS
EDUCATIONAL
Q.—How gloves?
A.—Mix 15 drops of solution of ammonia and a half-pint of spirits of turpentine. Put the gloves on and apply the mixture with a brush, repeating until clean. Then hang in the air to
can
HOT WATER
hT'IEICI
Make use of your spare time.
ksa®*
FINE DARK. EASTERN QUEBEC nk. kltta or proven breeders, prolific strain, reasonably prised.
Kamh. Brighton
duco.
Ml
JU. 4186 — ME. 7300 ^
. T. Farr & Son* Ltd.'
Mink
condition.
Smr

Co/
THOROUGHLY m
ESTON, OAK WOOD AT ROGERS ROAD, TORONTO
NEW LIFE FOR OLD HAIR
Not mosey, but that old studio iwf-makeT, billing, stands in the v of the deal that would bring friendly enemies, Jark Benny tnd Fred Allen, together la a picture at Paramount • • • W wise men of that lot can devise a means of satisfying both comics relative size and position of ir printed names in the sd sc
__ „ie;, plans can proceed—but
Bn-* Job for a wtmmr-
FREE |
sample;
LOOK 10 YR& YOUNGER NATURelle Hair Restorative — restores grey or faded hair to Its natural color—stainless — for mix weeks supply — send $t.0# Naturelle Hair ftesoratfve. P.O. Box $71 Toronto.
^ USED FURNITURE FOR SALK
sen uesi$-ie
dry-
Q —How can I prevent eggs from spreading and separating when poaching them?
A.—Pour a little vinegar into
Dennis, Toronto. Ontario.
•TOOOD USED FURNITURE:	• PC.
1 Dining Suite $16.60; CheeterftelA Suite $10.60; Chesterfield Bei Suite $16.60: Studio Couches $ 1#L$ 9-piece Dining $46.66; Breakfj Hundreds of other us for your requirements. T arranged. If necessary. McKcn Furniture Co^ Ltd, 62# Bay St* Toronto.
radio’s
GARFIELD TEP
Baltes, like new. Suites $20 if. grticks. Write
FOR SALE
PERSONAL
ast
the water.
Q.—How can I preserve cut
flowers for a longer time?
A. Add a little camphor to the water fn which they stand.
ii
I 4 Ii »
1 % t
QUIT TOBACCO, SNUFF. EASILY.
Heme remedy. Guaranteed. Ad free. PirtllRx, Box L Win-
n. •»». «X
WIRES, males
SKANIEIS
Smooth Fox. Boaton Bulls
I of any breed. SS.0# Females $3.00 I Thomas Pattern. Urn. Ontario.
JCKKK
inexpensive!)
Testimonials.
Issue No. 37 — ’39
VI
n * peg
###PAGE###8###
£

Look Here
W. M. S. Will Meet Week Earlier
Shaw ville United W. M. S. are holding their September meeting a week earlier oil account of the Exhibition, that is oil Thursday. September 21st, at 8.00 p. ui., in the Sunday School room. Ihe group headed by Mrs. XV. Harris will be in charge and the guest speaker will be Rev. XV. H. Day. of Qtiyon, who for 13 years was a missionary to the Indians in the West and will give a talk on that work illustrated by a number of slides taken by himself. At the close refreshments are being served.
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
FOR SALK—One McCleery Range. North lend", good a* new, large Are box. Will exchange for cattle. Apply to WaLUNOTo* Smart. Shaw ville. Phone

L

81

FOR SALK—Twenty cords of mixed soft wood ; also dry stave wood. Apply to Bordkn Cokjuoan, at Suva Factory. Shawvllle. Phone 53.
m

p.x
Ü

FOR SALE-15 Used Fouit:y Feeders, galvanized, half price. Call Monday night. It. W. IlonwiNS.
FOR SALE—Five Reg. Ayshire lletfer Calves, born In March. Fully accredited and blood tested. Apply to Jambm H. I'kkvrr. Campbell » Bay. Que. Phone
Buckingham Editor A. H. Parker, Dies
i
81-1
A. II. Parker, editor of the Buckingham Post, HU‘l widely known and respected resident ot that district, died at home on Sunday morning. He was in his 82nd year.
The late editor was a member of the Fish and Game Protective Association of the comities of Gatineau, Hull, Papineau and Pontiac ; the Buckingham Curling Club and the Lions Club, and Acacia Lodge A, F. and A. M. He member of the Presbyterian
FOR SALE-SU tube Williams Klee trie Radio. In good condition, for $12.00 Apply to Burden Corrida*. Shswville.
A
FOR 8ALE—A numbei New Hainsblre Red laying Pullets some year-old White Leghorn hens ; pair of Clyde colts well matched aud broken. Apply to Roar. Tract, Yarm. Que. Phone 25-21.
1
Exhibition
Quebec’s (Best County
Are You The Man ?
Watkins dealer (between 23 to 50 years): with car needed Immediately to hand Free Extracts. In nearby rural route ¦ I supply established demand for Everyday Necessities, Including Spices. Baking Powder, Cleansers, Soaps; Medicines, Fly Spray. Mineralised Stock and Poultry Tonics 70 year reputation. 10000 dealers. Must be satisfied with $5)0.00 .weekly at atari. Selling experience un , necessary. Farm experience helpful. I Credit furnished right parties. Write immediately The J. ft Watkins Company, Montreal, Que. Dept. Q S ll
was a Church.
Surviving are three (laughters two sisters and one brother.
out
and
Aged Resident at Charter!» Passes
»
»
The death occurred at the home of her brother, George Kennedy, Charter», on Sunday. September 17th, of Miss Eleanor Kennedy, at
the age of 83 years.
The deceased was a life-long
She is
Poultry and
High-class Horse, Cattle,
Dairy Shows
Exhibit In All Departments
Cemetery
Donations
resident of the district survived by three brothers, James, George and John Kennedy, of Charter», and one sister. Miss Elizabeth Kennedy, ot Y arm.
The funeral was held ou Tuesday afternoon, from the late home to Wesley United Church and cemetery. The service was conducted by Rev. H. G. Steers, of Yanu
Previously acknowledged #167 60 Alex. H. Kilgour..... .*¦¦¦ Mrs, Andrew Hodgins .
Mrs. A. E. Posselwhite Mrs. George T. Horner.
Mrs. Charlotte Connelly Dr. Ed. Taggart.......
2 00
2 00
3 00
Large
1 00
1 00
3 00
X
Clarence Keen Dies in Pembroke Hospital
Following an illness of less than a week, Clarence Keor., Chapeau, Que., a former well known junior hockey player of Ottawa and Pembroke, and last year starred for Fort Coulonge, in the Pontiac Intermediate League, died in a Pembioke hospital on Friday evening in his 26th year. Popular among a wide circle of friends, his .death has caused widespread re-vgret in the district.
* Clarence Keon was born in Sutherland. Sask., but went to Chapeau at an early age with his parents, the late C. A. Keon and Sire. Keon, who was formerly Miss Celia Hayes, of Sheenboro, Que.
Some three mon His ago he mar ried Miss Laura May Carroll, of Allumette Island, and in recent weeks he had taken over the management of the Keon Hotel in Chapeau.
Surviving besides his wife, and mother, are three brothers, Eroll and Andrew, of Chapeau, and Carmen, of Pembroke ; and three sisters. Rev. Sister Ste Anne, of North Bay, Miss Helen Keon, Reg. Nurse, Toionto, and Miss Cecie Keon, Barry's Bay. Ont.
The funeral was held on Monday morning to St Alphonsns Church, Chapeau, burial was made in the parish cemetery.

a
f

3
Ct.


ei Vv.-'


i"i
%

.,y
O 'T
r-


fv
A
, i
/
l

8
;
f 5
rtf <
V
i

IK
\ #
a
7
J


Rides and Carnes
Large Midway With New
Special Grandstand Ball Games, and Other
Attractions Special Features
Trials of Speed Friday and Saturday
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, Free. Rev. A, F. Pokes, Sec'fcy
Shawvllle Council
The Shawvllle Boys’ Band In attendance
throughout the Fair
Evening Horse Show and Other Features
Sept. 6th, 1939
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council to be held in Hynes Hall on the above date was adjourned for lack of a quorum to Monday evening, the 11th of September, at 8.00 p.m.
Sept. 11th, 1939
The adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council to be hold at Hynss Hall on the above date was again adjourned for lack of a quorum until Monday the 18th of September at 8.00 p.m
Cornelius McCagg
Dies at an Ottawa Hospital
A resident cf Ottawa for the past thirty years and for the past fifteen years an employee of J. R. Booth, Ltd , Cornelius McCagg died at an Ottawa ' Hospital on Thursday, September 14th, following a brief illness. The late Mr. McCagg had resided at 226 Nepean street
Born at Bryson, Que , he was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius McCagg. He spent his early life on his father’s farm and was married at Shawville to Miss Ada McRae 43 years ago.
Upon going to Ottawa Mr, Me Cagg worked for some years at the carpenter's trade and 24 years ago became employed with J. R Booth. Ltd. He had remained with that concern up to the time of his final illness.
Surviving in addition to his widow are two daughters, Mrs. H. L. Page, Buffalo, N.Y., and Mrs. O. Surgrue, of Ottawa. There are also two grandchildren.
The funeral was held from the parlors of George H. B. Burney and Son, 338 Somerset street, west, on Saturday afternoon. Rev. H. S. Cl tigs ton officiated. Incerment was made in Beeehwood cemetery.
Among the many beautiful floral offerings were pieces from the employes of J. R Booth, Ltd. ; Local No. 7, J. R. Booth, Ltd.; Rosemonut Rebecca Lodge ; Past Noble Grand Association and the Oddfellows Choir.
E. W. HODGINS,
Secretary.
LORNE ARMSTRONG,
President
¦¦¦¦ Sept. 18th, 1939 The adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes Hall on the above date. Present : Mayor McDowell and Councillors Howard, Argue, Woodley, A O. EaJeaand Cotie The minutes of the last meeting were read and adopted on motion of Cra. Howard—A. O. Eadea.
The following bills -were presented
diploma were presented by Rev
K T. McNally.	for approval
In the musical program which	Dale
J. CoombM,	eleri ne tilt Edna
T^^ eleocf Pembroke, the
WâflH Borden
¦kMMM
Gatineau Power Co
u	a is
I. Swart i ....
C.P. R.........
Bert Swartz....
George Hynee y..
Q. 0. McDowell ..
Emerson Cotie . .
4. W. Elliott.	I ¦¦
Motion by Cra Woodley-Cotie, that the above bills be paid—Carried.
Councillor Howard gave notice that at the next regular meeting be would
By-Law to levy th##d licipahty, for the year 1939. by Cr. Howard, seconded, by Eadea, that » giant of 1100,00 given to the Shawville Boy:/ Band.
Motion by Cra. A. O Eadea Woodley,
which the charmingly gowned younrç graduate delivered the valedictory.
! Misa Cohen then was the recipient of a bouquet of roses, gift of the music pupils and choir members and presented by little Miss Madeline Craig.
! The graduating medal and
Methodist and since the
former
WMm
Kister, Mrs. George Dean, of Snd
38KM£y |S3
3E csss,
gast, Gordon Richardson, VVm. J. Horner, Wro. Brownlee and Geo. Mae
Many floral tribute were Î re
ceived.	y T5
Wilson’s Carage
The Same Reliable Service
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
$210 82 220 32
88 60 64 79 75 00 86 00 271 26
1 60
Çorrigim
Howard
5 00
62 83 46 90
Ford Service
ii
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
60
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
1 oo
3 70
10 00
J. P. Wilson
5 00
11 26
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
1 66
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Hegh Wilson Prendergnet Passa» at Radford
One of Radford's oldest citizens in the person of Mr. Hugh Wilson Prendergast, passed away on Tue*
day evening at the home of Mr.	^E
Gordon Richardson, in his 87th	hundred and fifty acres of land,	graduation extremes of Mis»
In 1806 he married Mary McDowell,	EDWARD H, MEa	salutatory was given by
who survive*.	I	Shawville, Que. MW#' Edith 9t. Germain after;
He was a life long member of the	’
introduce a
Graduation Exercise» at
rule
Farm for Sale
Moved
Cr. A O
Phone, 278
be
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
to adjourn.
Ha ELAND c. Row AT
