###PAGE###1###


P
f
r

49%
%
1
No 20, î7tii Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:," THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2 1639
fl.50 per annum in Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
HrUtol Farmer*’Clnb expect to receive « shipment of apple* from Prince Ed want Co , the lutter pirt of this week.
PERSONAL MENTION ¦
Mr*. V. Bole*, Reg. N., of Otta wu, visited her mother. Ml*, Jo»
Gun Draper, Zion section, came Hunt, during the pàat week end.
he waa having a diflioult	* fKÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
and, we believe he had if the root* Mr. and Mr*. Harry Blaney and
"" Td'.'iïï-u"'Arl:i-Mr,7„*ï,| B*m"	c„„r«
from rt to 8 o’clock. Admis-
GEORGES CARON |COWLING
BUSINESS
A.. ¦, c. L.
Advocate, Barrister
Shawville Hardware
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school lia* removed to larger and finer premise*. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all year
At Campbell*# my Friday, Saturday and Monday
I
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
Aladdin Lamps
¦¦¦Attend a an established
SHAWVILLE - QUE
i
in
*. t. COWUMC, President
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.O.C.M.
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Protect your eyes and use
Mr*. Math MoKell and little son, |Teacher of Win®. Th»®nt of Music and Harmony Wayne, have spent the past week
Elmside Women’s Institute will	home of her pi rents, Mr.
meet at the home of Mrs. James a,,t* ‘*r?e ^ H. Corrigan.
wmm
airVjMWpBBBp sion, 25 and 15 cents.
JAMES A. MILLAR
I wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Linds ly Armstrong’s residence, Main Street, Shawville, on Tuesday of each week.
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
B. A.. LL.L,
advocate, arrjstir
l28 Main St
At Pontiac Home, Shawville, Wednc.d.y.ft AI Moyle's Hotel, Campbell’. B.y, • very Wednesday morning.
«te
Hull,Que*
1‘hone 22—14
• 1
Mr#. IV. H. Corrigan returned home last week after spending a short vacation at the home of Mr. and Mrs, Math MeKell, Aubrey, Que.
Dr. W. C. and Mrs, McGuire, ut Cornwall, Out, were week-end guest* at the home of the former's brother. Mr. M. R. McGuire, at Murrells.
men
every
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
n
Liberal Government Sweep into Power In Quebec
Full line of supplies always on hand
609 Drummond Medics I Building Drummond Street
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
MONTREAL, ;QUE
notary public
Graduate of ill University
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Okfi. k — In the G. F. Hudgins Bui Id inp Main Street, Que.
PLATEAU 6311
!u”S bi	«••
stantial majority. The vote,
which turned out the Union Nil- Me**r«. Beverley Howard, John tlonale Government of Premier Bel slier-, William Hanna and Iver Maurice Duplessis, wa* nothing |*on Harris, left Monday to take a short of a landslide for the Liber-. ! short course in Agriculture at
Macdonald College.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
01). WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Okfick : Campbell's Bay, Que. -(In Lawn Block)
als
Mens’ Winter Clothing
Three years ago Union Nationale won 70 of 00 seat*, and held 71 at
dissolution. Complete returns of	.....	_
Wednesday s elections showed 07 Lra wford, Mrs. Arthur McLaren,I Shawville Women's Institute are Liberals counted in, and only 10 of Campbell s Bay, and Mrs. J. C. sponsoring the Annual Memorial Union Nationale candidates were Glenn, of Bristol, attended the Service at Memorial Park on Re-succe*sfill. One independent and Buieial of Mr. George McLellan, | membrance Day, Saturday, Nov* one National won, only représenta- rt*. f tanktown, (hit. on Tuesday, 11th. tives among 21 candidates of small , hist week. The deceased was a independent groups to beat out former resident of Campbell # Bay,
their opponent*. e	——?----------
The third party, Action Liberale a	.
Nationale, led by Paul Gouin, ! Missionary Services Conducted never was in the running. Gouin 1° United Churches on Sunday himself was defeated in Montreal	—	I Clarendon
Mercier. Duplessis was elected in The missionary field of the Unit- w**l meet at the home of Mrs 9. E Three Rivers, and God bout, Lib- ed Church for Pontiac County held Chamberlain, Shawville, on Wed era I leader, in L’Islet,	on Sunday was most successful	afternoon, Nov. 15th, at
It was one of the quietest elec- Speakers tilled the pulpits of all 12.80 o clock. Program : Report of tione In Quebec’s history, despite the Churches in the district. In	Convention, by Mrs
the strenuousness of the month the evening a platform meeting	Elliott. Ur* 9, E. McDowell
long campaign that followed Pre was held in the Shawville Church, give and address on Child raier Duplessis’ dissolution of the with the minister. Rev. A F I Welfare and Public* Health. Roll Legislature on the ground that Pokes in charge. Devotions were How* to anm*e children on a Federal war measures threatened conducted by Rev. L O. Bunt, of rainy day. the province’s autonomy.	Fort Coiilonge, and Rev. H. G/ ShootiXu Match - A shooting | M(llttirs <lealtwith by correspondence
In Pontiac the election was Steers, of Varm. Mr. J. R. M» I match for turkeys, geese, ducks ____________
particularly oniet and closely con- Gregor, chairman of the Mission „nd thicken*, will be held at | ~
tvsted Jlr MwarJ C Uwn re	Bo»rd of the Ottawa	Presbytery	charter!* on Friday, Nov.	10th,| R MILLFR	W A i	i	./>=•
tamed bis seat in the Legislature	spoke on the mission	work, and	under the auspices of LOL	No	«ulluk	WALLACE
hyn majority of #7 votes over the introduced the .pen Iter of the «5 Shooting will ht* it .it 12.90, AVOCAT .. BARRISTER Union Nationale candidate, Mr. evening. Rev. (.illit Kidie, who Loon. In the evening n dance Thos. McCool. Out of 6.0&J listed only returned three months ago will be held in the Orange Hull 1,9 **A1M STREET vtjters only ^teOmai Iced ballots.	from mission labors	in Honan,	with the Herb - Lindsay combina’
The official count as announced	North Chiua. Mr.	Kadie had	tion supplying the mn-ic
by Returning Officer, G O Me stayed at bis |>ost during the ad mission, including refreshments, I At Proudfoot'., Hotel Dowell, on Monday, was as for vance and occupation of Honan by no cents	I	¦
lows:—	the Japanese, and gave a lurid
picture of war conditions and	"
suffering at that time. He urged that the Chinese ate more ready
today than ever for the gospel. Corrigan—At Shawville Umn and challenged the church to niunity Hospital, on Wfdup^lsy greater effort in their behalf. I October 25th, 1080, to Mr. and Mrs
Foster Corrigan, a son.
BELAIR 3 257
Mr. ami Mrs. David Luna in Mi** Elizabeth Lunarn, Mr. Thus
—
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B., C.L.
Advocate, Barrister
Main Street
Buy Now While the Price is Bight
etc
RK8ERVE-Thursday niglit.-Nuv Oth, for concert in Shawville United Church basement, under the auspices of the C.G.I T eion, 25 and 15 cent*

Hull, Que
Phone, Slier. 1351
Mens’ Heavy Pants
Several nice Tweeds, Prize and Mackinaw Cloths,
Breeches. All sizes 30 to 44
Admis*
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e ’sry Friday evening.
Women’s Institute
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦•A.. LL. ¦ „
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
well made up in Longs and
,
$3.00 to $650
Branch at Quyon ; Monday on
will call any request.
I
Mens’ Underwear
Tiger Brand. Well-known Make Fleecelined Combinations
PHONE, 2-22
$1.35 and $1.75
HULL. QUEBEC
1
Ad
Campbell’s Bay,
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 j At Pontiac House, Shawville, Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p in
> Vp
Heavy Weight Wool Combinations

» m
Liw'n McCool
Polling Place
Aldfield ............
A Id fie|d ..........
Onslow North.........
Onslow North.
Onslow South..........
Onslow South..........
uyon ....... ........
uyon ................
Bristol ..............
Bristol ...............
Bristol........	.....
Bristol................
Clarendon..............
Clarendon...........?.
Clarendon .............
Clarendon..............
Shawville, East........
Shawville, West . ..,
Portage du Fort........
Bryson.................
Alley ne-Ca wood.......
Dorion <fc Church .....
Grand Calumet Island. Grand Calumet Island Campbell’s Bay
Campbell s Bay ........
Litchfield ............
Litchfield.............
Litchfield.............
Leslie, Clapham-Huddersfield .............
Leslie, Clapham Hud ders field ............
$3.00 and $3.50
every
BORN
53
55
i
i
19	28
!
37
35
$100

Boys' Fleece Combinations
30	12
39	23
23 OU 3?
27	38 North Onslow Man Killed in
48	37 Crash Near North Bay
3o!f! 63 41	37
49	30
48	68
49	- 00
D. J. CAMPBELL
'
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
if
Mens’ Windbreakers
Preaching Mission at Stark e Corners United Church
M«wato
«sap*
Mm. Bd.m Rockhill, of St Regi*|on HldHy I Falls ; Darwin Phillip*, of Nor wicb ; Royal Phillips, Norwich ;
| Leslie Venne and Wilfred Dunlop, of Pembroke, and George Steven*, of Noranda. aim of Mr. and Mr#.
I John G. Stevens, of Qnyon.
The cars were from New York state and Quebec. Six persons rode in the New York car and four in the Quebtc auto.
Driver of the New York car was Darwin Phillips. Mrs. Merton K.
Phillips, one cf the dead, was his mother,	...
Those in the New York car were en route to Temiskatmng to atI tend a funeral. Those in the Quebec car were on their way to Shawville. The accident occurred i a 11 he peak of a long grade on the j
highway.
The body of Patri
Phone SI.
New Twotone Patterns of Mackinaw and | Suede combinations.
Prices from
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Snappy styles.
$2.95 to $6.50
Dental Surgeon
i
Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19	•
At Campbell*# Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
40
59
30
72
48
49
43
62
33
11
Boys’ Windbreakers
Zipper or Button Fronts $1.75 & $2 25
Mens’ Pullover Mitts	j
See our Special Pullover at 65 cts. per pair j
I
80
33
61
45
1
51
27
57
57
88
29


62
86
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
48
37
I
9
22
Eye, Ear, Nose end Threat Special!•
101
40
43
18
ic
ILDI









70
34

OTTAWA. -
’HONE, 2-7061
ONT.

Gbves, Socks, Braces, Caps, Sweaters, etc.
Limited Quantity
Prices Subject to Change Without Notice
63
49
Thorne.............
Thome..............
Fort Cou longe.....
Fort Cou longe.. . J Mansfield, Pontefract Mansfield, Pontefract Waltham, Bryson ..
Chapeau .......
Allumette Island Allumette Island Allumette Island, East Allumette Island, East
Chichester ...........
Chichester ..........
Sheer,. Esher, Malakofl^
Aberdeen.........
Sheen, Esher, Malakoff, Aberdeen.............
35
76

8
24
58
31

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE'
46
38

68
49
81
23


27
61
w
40
31

33
26
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
• # a

ck Farrell was

H4
29

conveyed to the home of his par ents in North Onslow on Monday, from where the funeral was held
ill

65
22
v-4
18
29
W. R. Hodgins, Lf’d
76
63
on Tuesday morning.
George Stevens and Leslie Venn were sufficiently reccvered to be
ax	:i « °	» «•* •
companion, Wilfred Dunlop, was 8ince 1935> WL I I «till unconscious. The people by » margin of 67 votes over
from New York State were pro-1 Thee Mo Cool Union Nationale greeting favourably,


22
34

su.

U 49
Shawville
Quebec
as re elected
16 26
Totale
.	1988	1931
SHAWVILLE - QUE
• • i #-#
Majority
67
candidate

I
/
###PAGE###2###
he wee in the bach of the truck with the milk cans and when the crMh came he wu blinded by the milk. He “gasped and choked” until he thought he would drown, he said.
Approximately 240 gallons of milk poured over the road and most of the 80 milk cans were destroyed.
Misses Drowning
In Wave Of Milk
Rulers of Scandinavian Countries Hold Conference
Sunday
School
Lesson
Vehlo Makl, IS, was almost drowned In milk when a truck In which he waa riding was In colli-elen with a freight train on the SuSbury-Sault Ste. Marie highway
near Worthington.
Makl said from his hospital bed
, | | ||; t





.. &
t



Î This Curious World

4U

By William
Ferguson
LESSON v
BEVERAGE ALCOHOL AND SOCIAL PROGRESS
(International Temperance Sunday)
Micah 2:9-11; Luke 21:29-31, 34-36; I Cor. 6:9-11.
Golden Text.—Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? 1 Cor. 6:9. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.— Micah prophesied between A.D. 735 and 715. The Olivet discourse was given on Tuesday of Passion Week, April 4, cither A.D. 29 or A.D. 30. The First Epistle to the Corinthians written about A.D. 56.
Place.—Micah primarily prophesied regarding conditions in the city of Jerusalem. The Olivet discourse was delivered on the Mount of Olives, opposite and east of the city of Jerusalem, city of Corinth was located in southern Greece.
9. The women of my people ye cast out from their pleasant houses from their young children ye take away my glory for ever. The unrighteous men of Israel are here denounced who have oppressed the widows and the orphans. 10. Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your resting place; because of uncleanness that destroyeth, even with a grievous destruction. The passage is based upon idea contained in Lev. 18: 25, 28, that the land is defiled by the sins of its Inhabitants and will vomit them out because of this defilement. 11. If a man walking in a spirit of falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink he shall even be the prophet of this people.
Wine and strong drink here are figures used to denote earthly blessings and sensual enjoyments, promise of which was held out to the people by these false prophets
&
r
CANADA JAV
lavs me eggs during
30 DEOBEBS BELOW ZERO WEATHER

(=>
%
C
%»
>
s?
f

TBSm
î
. kl
II

%
I
<<

,
IN
AFRJCA,
was



GOLF COURSES
%
WHERE RULES
01
PERMIT THE LIFTING OF A
Os'
The

BALL FRÛAA
HIPPOPOTAMUS TRACKS/ A

Z
\

THE MEAN DISTANCE FROM
THE CA RTH TO THE SUN
IS KNOWN AS THE *AS7»QM0M/C4L UNIT"
OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM/
rr PRcviŒS us with

Today * Meals ,	_ A rxl A
More Varied RADIO
NOTES
«5
TO THE OTHER.
#41
NEWS
47 Varieties Fruit And Veg tablet Found on Modern Dinner Table As Against Old-time Four
AND
THE mean distance from the earth to the sun also Is used as the base line for the measurement of the distances of the stars end other celestial objecta outside our own solar system. For this reason, great care has been taken to see that this measurement Is very accurate.
By MADGE ARCHER
urging her famous husband to devote more time to hard recital work, at least that is the gossip of the studios. In any event the baritone’s voice has much improved of late and his singing gives •very evidence of long and arduous "practice.
NELSON EDDY GOES OFF AIR
The biggest radio news of the past week, Is that Nelson Eddy has handed In his resignation to the sponsors of the Chase and Sanborn Hour. Eddy will bow himself out on Sunday, November 6th, and a substitute, not yet named will take his place.
In parting with Charlie McCarthy, Edgar Bergen, Don Ameche and other members of the Chase A Sanborn Hour, Eddy pleads as his reason the heavy commitments he has made In concerts, films and recording activities this winter. It seems that Mrs. Eddy has been
Forty-seven varieties of fruits and vegetables are In common use today on everybody's dinner tables ae against a choice of four that wore available to the people of lîth Century England, according to an exhibit at the New York Mua-of Science and Industry in the Rockefeller Center. Exact reproductions, in wax, of the plump and luscious products of modern farms, shown In the exhibit, off a striking contrast to the reproductions of the dwarfed and puny specimens of peas, beans, leeks and the beets of eight centuries ago.
NOTED NATURALIST
Budding Fig-Tree
Luke 21:29. And he spake to them a parable: Behold the fig tree, and all the trees: 30. when they now shoot forth, ye see h and know of your own selves that the summer is now nigh. 31. Even so ye also, when ye see these things coming to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh. The fig-and olive-trees are symbols peculiar to Israel, end with the vine represent the whole earthly history of the covenant people within the times of redemption. Trees, like men, have their youth, maturity, old age. They change with the seasons. Israel misused her first national summer, and, being un-arved, entered into a long, dreadful winter. Here are given signs that a great change approaches in the history of Israel. The fig-tree is putting forth its leaves.
15 He succeeded
in-----many
new flowers and fruits:
21	Flogs.
22	To scatter.
24	Epoch.
25	Heaven.
26	Beam.
27	Deer.
28	To emulate.
33	God of war.
34	Vocal composition.
36	Measure of area.
37	Fruit.
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured American naturalist
12 Roof edge.
15	Viol ' Instrument.
14 To harvest.
16	Christmas.
17	Arabian commander.
16 Masculine.
19	One that annoys.
20	One who
#
OUTSTANDING MUSICAL ARTISTS
Tuesday evening, at 10:00 p.m., the CBC will present the second broadcast <rf its new symphonic hour. Wilfrid Pelletier will conduct the orchestra of Lee Concerts Symphoniques from Montreal. This orchestra with that of the Toronto Symphony will alternate every Tuesday In giving concerts until the third week of December. The series will resume the beginning of January and continue until the end of the concert season. Guest conductors will be heard with both orchestras together with some of the most outstanding artists in the music world.

yillllCIW
MPJltiH
wm si
j!l* 311
iisusy
a
yi»:

y

Nazi Bombers Raid Scottish Coast

a


i
4M a
eiazi

€
4	Always.
5	Verse.
47	Strong taste. 6
48	Work of skill. 7 Rubber tree.
8 Most uncommon.
44 Oak.
22	Russian ruler. 45 charts.
23	Thing.
26 To recover.
28 To pester.
30	Paid publicity. 50 Before.
31	Small memorial.
32	Fifth month.
33	Hand firearm.
34	Geographical drawing.
35	Surfaces.
40 Horseback
rider.
runs away.
SCAPA
now
38 Saucy.
38 Spain.
40	Feather barb.
41	Toilet case.
42	Door rugs.
g?
:
flcr/A
51	To deposit.
52	He was a world-famous
(pL).
NOTES AND NEWS
Saturday, Oct. 28, Football on both American and Canadian networks will be the order of the afternoon ... 10 p.m., CBL . . Toscanini will conduct Beethoven's First and Third Symphonies in the first in the series Festival concerts by the NBC orchestra . . . Oct. 29, CBL. Henriette Schumann plays Third Rachmaninoff Concerto on R dlo Music Hall program ... 3 p.m., CFRB, John Barbirolli conducts N. Y. Philharmonic orchestra . 7 p.m., CBL, Jack Benny arrives Wtk broadcast In hid Maxwell . . . 9:00 p.m., CFRB, Grace Moore guest on Sunday evening hour . . . Oct. 30, 12:30 p.m., CBL, Farm broadcasts of Interest to farmers in the Province of Ontario ... 8 p.m., CFRB, Andre KostalaneU a- ’ Tune Up Time ... 9 p.m., CFRB, Cecil B. DeMille's Radio Theatre . . . 10:00 CBL, Carnation Contented
9 Army drill halls.
11	Cabbaglfplant. « Form of "a."
12	He conducted 4« Rumanian
countless	WtÊÊÊ
with 49 Musical note.
51 Pair.
Peril of Worldline»»
34. But take heed to yourselves lest haply your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunk enness, and care of this life, and that day come on you suddenly as a snare. Surfeiting may be taken to mean the nausea which follows debauch. Neither the Old nor the New Testament explicitly teaches what we call total abstinence from all intoxicating liquor, but we must emphasize the fact that drunkenness throughout the Bible is absolutely condemned as one of the gravest forms of sin, and more than once we are reminded that drunkards will have no part at all in the kingdom of God. The day that is here referred to is the day when the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back again. Our Lord is warning of the danger that men and women will be so occupied with indulgences of the flesh or the care of business that they will not be ready for the Lord when he comes back.
y<
P
N
<?CL
A
VERTICAL
1	Crippled.
2	Pulpy fruits.
3	Trial.
V
coin.
1
o
ouw>t-,
c
plants.
• Beethoven

FIRTH OF FORTH .

6
a
fi
UASOor
:
:

at another
Striking at the Scottish coast for the second time within two days, German bombers damaged the training ship Iron Duke at Scapa How naval base. Air raid sirens screamed warnings at Edinburgh and other centres the Scottish coaat, but no raids resulted.
on


motive power he introduced the main spring, and with this as a basis produced little clocks — "watches’ as they came to be
which would fit in the
Earliest Watches Were Egg-Shaped
knowd pocket or the purse.
p.m.,
Hour . . . Oct. 31. 8:30 p.m., CBL, Information Plee CBL, Les Concerts Symphoniques
. . . Nov. 1, .
Music Box Revue ... 9 p.m.. CBL, Serenade for Strings . . . Nov. 2, . . . 8:30 p.m., songs from Montreal . . . 9:00 p.m. CBL, Good News ... 10 p.m.,, CBL Blng^Crosby.
Introduced In Germany, They Became Fashionable Articles in Sixteenth Century
. . 10 p.m
We call an old-fashioned watch a "turnip " because it to so thick, but that is nothing compared to Peter Henleln'a products, says "The Rocky Mountain Herald." They were almost round, and when they were sold throughout Europe, they became known as "Nuremberg eggs."
35. For so shall it come upon all them that dwell on the face of the earth. 36. But watch ye at every season, making supplication, that ye may prevail to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.
. 8:30 p.m., CFRB,
Peter Henlein, a mechanic and locksmith, of Nuremberg, Germany Is generally credited with being the first man to make watches. About 1,600 he set himself to produce a small pocket clock. For the
CBL, Boulevard
He Wants Peace: Joins The Army
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Good Reason Why She's Not Guilty
NONE OF MV KEYS FIT IT J
well, nr wasn't ME t
MY DESK’S . RFEN RIFLED *

Domestic Troubles Drive Clinton Man to Enlist
%r

\
Alleging that his wife gave ’rim a sound beating, Arthur Parry, residing on highway No. 4, a short distance south of Clinton, Ont., has preferred a charge of assault, oc-ionlng actual harm. Pary said his wife threw stones at him, and broke three of hia ribs.
When the case was called Crown Attorney Holmes said he was in receipt of a letter from Parry, to which he intimated a desire to try and withdraw the charge. If possible. and that he was going to joie the army, so that he "might
c
7

t

IF^
• %•>
"I
I

o I
ill
I:
Z
* m
IMS
have a little peace.”
The case earn adjourned sine die.
» #
###PAGE###3###
m


•rature of 45 degrees Panrenheit or below. The reason we want I# keep It cool le that bacteria grow very slowly at a temperature below 45 degrees Fa ->heH, while they grow very rapidly at ordinary temperatures. The way to handle milk so that It will keep sweet le to draw It from clean cows into clean, sterile or freshly scolded utensils and allow it to come in contact with noth:-? but those things which have been thorough!; .called. Cool it to 45 degrees Fahrenheit within 15 minutes after millsing and keep it cold until it Is tie-
Must Keep Milk Clean And Cool
SCOUTING
1
Whet Science
si
ft
m

One of the summer's outstanding examples of Boy Scout first aid work was that rendered by two St. Catharines lade when 31 passengers were injured in the telescoping of two electric interurhan cars. Among the first on the scene, Scouts Gordon Clarkson, 16, and Wilfred Locking, 16, helped passengers through the windows, then proceeded to give first aid. Tourniquets were applied to the severely cut legs of a motorman, then the injured passengers were assisted to a nearby farm, and bandaged with torn-up sheets, pillowcases and towels supplied by the farmer’s wife.
IS
If It Is To Stay Sweat
Doing
*
*
There Is only one way to keep milk sweet, and that Is to keep K clean and cool. The milk as produced by the cow Is practically all free from bacteria, and will keep for a long time If not allowed to become contaminated with be' la from the air, dirty utensils, or other sources. One should " #P ln mind that bacteria are everywhere and that It la very hard to keep them out of anything that ono Is handling. When tb bacteria get Into *he milk they grow and act on the milk sugar, forming lactic acid and thus causing sour milk.
Use Sterile Utenelle If you take the milk as the cow produces It and handle it in each a manner that the bacteria count is low, you can keep it sweet for a long time by keeping It at a temp-
EXCUSE ME -BUT
BIG BEN
/
FIND FLU PREVENTIVE
The new “miracle drug” called aulfapyridine, already widely used jn treating pneumonia, may come to be used as a preventive of the flu, according to the U.8. Public Health Service. It may prove to be the final conqueror'of influenza.
*
d>0
fi


)
GOES
/
ed
FUR THER i
While taxes and food prices soared in most of Europe, the Duchy of Luxembourg, which has no taxes, has announced living coats for September were below
month. Reduced
o
STEEL THAT CUTS GLASS
A steel so hard that it cuts glass has been produced in a new-type furnace that supplies a blanket of inert gases to protect the metal while it is being toughened at temperatures as high as 2,000 degrees.
»
il!
I
One hundred Calgary Boy Scouts, taken there in a body, acted as caddies at Banff’s summer golf tournament
The large lifeboat formerly used , by the life saving station at Cobourg as been acquired by the 7th Brockville Sea Scout Troop. The boat, which is 26 feet long, was purchased from the Department of Transport, and was delivered U> the Sea Scouts by the government steamer Grenville.
The more than 200 Boy Scout camps registered in Ontario this Summer included the “New Canadians Camp” of the Scout Troop of All People’s Mission Church, Niagara Falls. The nationalities represented in the camp included Czechs, Slovaks, Germans, Russians, Hungarians, Ukrainians, Poles, Rumanians, Serbians, Austrians, Yugo-Slavians and English. Visitors declared the camp to be s model of tidiness and good organization.
As the first step toward developing a 660-acre college camp site, Scouts and Cubs of the Upper Canada College Scout Troop this summer planted some 12,000 young pine trees at Norval, Ont. The trees were planted under direction of Mr. A. H. Richardson, of the Provincial Forestry Department, a Scout Commissioner.
L
the
previous
prices for potatoes and the stationary price of butter accounted for the drop although some foods were slightly higher.
PERFEC
1C
I
BELIEVE STARS MUCH NEARER
Discovery of a special bending ot starlight near the time of sunrise and sunset, due apparently to peculiar waves on the top of the earth’s amtosphere, has been announced at Columbia University.
The discovery affects the basic measurements as astronomical distances. It shrinks the estimates of the size of the Milky Way, and indicates that many stars familiar to the naked eye are two or three times nearer than has been believ-
Man Trains Dogs „
By Biting Them
ADVERTISING
CLASSIFIED
LYONS
478-484 YONGE ST.
NICK
Joseph W. Lawler, bartender and dog trainer of Waltham, Mass., can’t see why It should be news when a man bites a dog—he does it almost every day.
Lawler, who trains doge at a farm in Weston, explained that his method of curing a vicious dog was first to ’et the dog bite him tmd then bite the dog right back.
agkmts wanted
R£Uu,
Nurseries.’’ Exclusive territory In town or country. Liberal termes paid weekly. Handsome free outfit#. Stone and Wellington. Toronto.	__ _______
Have You Heard
i
OF
TIME *
FURNITURE SALE
At the conclusion of a dispute with his landlady the lodger remarked icily: “1 presume you will allow me to take my belongings with me when 1 leave your house?”
*Tn» sorry,” said the landlady, “but your other collar hasn’t come back from the laundry yet.”
ARK VOL IN MISERY?
I UtiT when furniture bargain# are J so scarce Lyons offers this disposal sale of huge quantities of
NEW And RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
AT LOWEST PRICES EVER
OFFERED
EVERYTHING reconditioned an* c guaranteed thoroughly clean.
BEDROOM BARGAINS
sin - MODERN suite in decorat-w J / ed two-tone walnut finish, vanity with Venetian mirror, chiffonier, full else bed and sagleee spring.
— REPOSSESSED suite, per-& feet, used only S weeks, mod-waterfall design in bleached walnut finish; dresser, chiffonier, full else bed and eagles# spring.
— SIMMONS steel walnut finish bed. sagless spring, new mattress and smart walnut finish dresser.
ed
A NEW
w“uMk rauuu «...
Highly recommended. Money back if not satisfactory. 76 cents a far White Manufacturing Company, Box 164, Toronto. Ontario.________
About 6,000 stars are affected.
GERM-KILLING LAMP A new germ-killing ultra-violet lamp which eventually may be used in hospitals and air conditioning systems, has been developed by General Electric research engineers.
A series of investigations show the lamp will kill all bacteria in 118 cubic feet of air per minute.
Sweet peas were first grown successfully in 1700 by Dr. Uve-dale, an English schoolmaster.
BOOKS
ART. UNUSUAL BOOKS; SEND A dime for catalogue (refund first order). Roddy'», 155A Yon*» 8L# Toronto.	______
Modern
Etiquette
On this earthly Microcosm May each “ism” be
CLEANER
99
A "wasm
UNI-
BY ROBERTA LEE
REMOVES SHINE FROM
forms. Cleans Upholstery like
.7.:-52=,.CntnutiUn^l,,,UL0^
street. Toronto. Agents Wanted.
ern
Baffin Island
Baby Amazed
The furious diner bellowed to “What's the matter with you, r'an! I began with fish and now you’ve brought me soup. Surelv you know that soup comes first?”
“Yes, sir, quite, sir,” said the waiter, in a whisper, “but between ourselves, sir, the fish couldn't wait any longer.”
“V/hat became of that port* ab’o garage of yonr# ?"
“I tied the dog to it the other day and n cat came by.”
MODERN ETIQUETTE
1.	When a man and a woman
are engaged to be married, isn't it permissible foi them to kiss in public, and otherwise show their devotion?	/
2.	Is it necessary for a man to thank a woman for a dance?
3.	In which hand should the fork be held when conveying food to the mouth, and the knife is not required?
4.	Isn't k a mark of good breeding when a stranger who is asked a question extends a courteous reply ?
6. When a man brings an unexpected guest home to dinner, should the wife apologize for the scanty meal?
6. What is the minimum that should tip a waiter in a dining
Ans er*:
1. No. Such demonstrations should be reserved for their privacy. It shows very poor taste for them to display their love in public, and provokes unkind comments and criticism among their associates. 2. Yes; at the end of the dance. If it has lasted only one minute, or thirty, the man should say “Thank you.” 3. The right hand. 4. Yes, decidedly to. A well-bred person is always courteous in his manner of speech. As the old proverb says, “Civil, obliging language costs but little, and doth a great deal of good.”,"
5.	Never. She should serve exactly what she has on hand, without the least apology o* embarrassment. 6. Fifteen to twenty-five cents.
t
$21
waiter
EDUCATIONAL
tfCQ — BEAUTIFUL suite la pJy French walnut, large dreeasr, chlffrobe, full else bed,	vagi see
spring and new mattress; perfect. gzTQ — LARGE solid walnut suit* completely refinished, dresaer, chlffrobe. full sise bed. aagl
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses In Matriculation. Short Story. Journalism. Advertising Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare tlma Write today Canadian <>rreepoe-dence College (established 1901), 229 Tonga SU Toronto.
City Seem» Weird and Wonderful to Child Born in North
T.B. Situation Here Attacked
When little three-year-old Sandra Thom arrived in Toronto with her mother from the frozen northland country of the Hudson Straits she started wide-eyed at the large buildings of a modem city. She waa the first white child to be born at Pangnirtung, Baffin Island.
Mrs. Thom lived with her husband, a post manager of the Hudson's Bay Company who has travelled the Northwest Territories for 20 years, until she learned of hia transfer to Wolstenholme, where there is no doctor or even police post.
spring and spring-filled mattr *nc — MODERNISTIC suite. V P* 3 et fan rairrora. large dr chiffonier, vanity, bench, sag! spring and new mattress.
— TWIN bed suite. Ne# p IKJJ classic walnut with Ivory trim, beautiful twin beds with sag-springs, large vanity, chiffonier, upholstered bench and night table, very modern.
SPECIAL
BED CHESTERFIELD. R4JI
X/ERY simple to operate, y large wardrobe compartment for bedding; covered lm excellent quality heavy repp: your choice of brown or rust shade.	_
CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS
0 4*) Cn — 3-piecs suite In brows p 1 L,D\J repp with reversible Marshall spring cushions.
0	4 7 Cr\ — LARGE suite, 1 piece* pl/mJ\J upnolstered In bro repp with figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
0')') Cfx — SMART suite, 1 pi pLZfjKJ jn figured velour, revers»
1	b le Marshall spring cushions, thoroughly clean.
01 C — BEAUTIFUL brown
hair suite, kidney shape, cso-built, reversible Marshall
••RETARDED GIRLS* SCHOOL-home." Helen
Quebec Leads Dominion in the Cases and Deaths
Badgley Moller, M. A.. Port Dalhousle, academic* crafts, speech, recreation.
FOR MALE
Quebec leads all other provinces In the number of tuberculosis cases and the deaths caused by the disease, Dr. J. E. Dube, president of the Bruches! Institute, said last week In Montreal.
Canada Slow Combatting It Dr. Dube pointed out that several new sanatoriums have been opened In the province recently but there was still a great need for beds. Quebec abounded in workers but lacked money for the work he said.
SAWMILL SMALL ON MUSKOKA Lake, for sale, or partner wantad with some capital. Plenty of timber available. Box 31. Gravee-hurst.
Two friends met in the street. One of them remarked on the dirty state of the other’s hands.
“Why/’ he exclaimed, “your hands are covered in soot,”
“That’s because I was down at the station seeing my wife away,” replied his friend. .
“But how does that affect your hands?”
“Well, I patted the engine.”
Mistress—“This pie is absolutely burned, Nora. Did you make it according to ins tractions in the cook book?”
P!ora—“No, Ma'am, it's my own cremation."
baa
SLICING MACHINES. WALLIN Refrigerators, Frick York Kelvlnator Ice machines.
__	___ store
safes, scales, counters and Laundry equipment Mr. Leach. A A P. Food Stores. 136 Laughton Av*. Toronto, Ontario.	___
one
car?
From Frozen North In need of medical attention, Mrs. Thom decided #h? and her daughter would come south for the winter and left the north country aboard the vessel N. B. Me Lean, the last ship leaving the Hudson Straits district until next summer.
While Thom spends the winter at Wolstenholme, the most northerly tip of Canada west of Hudson Bay, his wife and daughter will live with Mrs. Thom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Lockerbie, of Pine Beach, on Lake Simcoe.
Hardy Apple Trees—50c each
HARDY APPLE TREES—60 ( ENTS
Priced
each. Canada’s Lowest Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals Write
sensational	.	_
Treery. Nlagara-on-the-!^ake. Ont
A campaign against tuberculosis had been conducted in the United States for the past 40 years with decided progress, Dr. Dube stated. In Canada, progress had been a lot slower, thus failing to check properly the heavy annual death
requesting
Tobe's
Immediately i offerings.
tom
spring cushions
ftA r.uitAL
0QC — MODERN 2-piece suit* POD show wood facings. 2 pi upholstered In wine velour, l chair in green; perfect; coet new $139; t
HIGH 13LOUD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full partie* lare regarding our successful hyblood Pedigreed Products Sask.
toll
An important nesting colony of American White Pelican has been located in Lavallee Lake, Prince Albert National Park, Saskatchewan. One of the showiest in North America, this great white bird has the fascinating habit of sailing In great wide circles, as if for enjoyment.
0iQ — KROEHLER chesterfield bed suite. I pieces, bro mohair, figured reversible cushlo new mattress.
DINING ROOM BARGAINS
— LARGE solid oak suits. • pieces, buffet china cabinet, extension table and 6 chairs upholstered In genuine leather.
0 40 Cn — SOLID oak suite la P I O.JU gQ*d condition, large buffet extension table and • leather seat chairs.
Saskatoon.
How Can I ?
OFFER TO INVENTORS
Mystery Blast
Is Explained
an offer to every inventor
List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorney* ITS Bank Street Ottawa. Canada.
BV ANNE ASH* EV
Q.—How can I keep cheese moist?
A.—Wrap it in cheesecloth that has been wrung out of vinegar. When the cloth becomes dry, moisten it again.
Q.—How can I make a good cleanser for brass, copper, and pewter?
A.—A good cleanser is a mixture of salt with an equal quantity of flour and vinegar. Apply a paste made up of these ingredients and allow to remain on for an hour; then rub off. Wash with water; then polish.
Q.—What is a good headache remedy?
A.—A remedy that is often effective is to lay thin slices of a raw potato across the forehead. Or, place a pinch of salt on the tongue and allow it to dissolve; then in about ten minutes take a drink of cold water.
Q.—How can I improve the flavor of tea?
A.—Add a small piece of dried orange peel, that is kept in a glass jar, to the teapot before pouring In the boiling water.
Q.—How can I remove a blood stain from silk material.
A.—A blood stain on silk material can be removed easily If a few inches of white sewing silk is moistened on the tongue, rolled into a ball, and then rubbed on the stain I gently.
Q.—H-ow can I keep pumpkin for a long time?
A.—Pumpkin should be dried if one wishes to keep it for s long ; Cl# ft into thin slices end place around the stove to dry. Before using, soak for an hour or two then cook in the usual man-
Is Revealed as Middlesex County Farmer Blowing Up Rock With Dynamite
PERSONAL
01Q — APARTMENT else suite la PJ' solid oak. • pieces, buffet, cabinet, extension table and 6 1 ther upholstered chaire, perfect.
— SMART 2-piece suite la walnut finish, buffet, extern-slon table and 6 chairs In bro leather seats, refinlehed. tfOQ — BEAUTIFUL walnut suit* POy large buffet, china cabinet, extension table and S leather bolstered chairs.
Has Encircled Himself
QUIT TOBACCO, SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
P
The mystery explosion in West-
wax
ei
y
minster Township which heard over a 12-mile area near London, Ont,, recantly, shook many houses and gave some residents a war-time scare has been solved. It was the blowing up of a large boulder with six sticks of dynamite.
Paul Bourdage* French-Canadlan farmer of the fifth concession, of Westminster, said that when his plough struck the huge rock, tossing him between the horses, he had to do something about IL
go with the aid of a neighbor
he decided to blast.
The huge rock blew Into pieces and left a crater In the ground. The noise btarteld hundreds of persons In the township, and started a rush to the telephones.
o*
PHOTOGRAPH%
STOW
4P
<
Q
NOW 18 THE TIME TO LET US make reprints from yogr Summer 8nai)i*. and order your Chrtstma* cards. Prints I cts. each. Cards 10 cents each, 76 cents per doeen. Special prices for postal card orders for Summer Resorts, poet card enlargement If your order Is over SO cents. W. A 8tarn aman Company. Weber HtreeL Kitchener. Ontario
4P
0

fi o r tV*

0 A — ENGLISH carved oak P » ** suite (cost new $400), used
5	months, perfect condition, buffet closed cabinet, refectory table and
6	beautiful carved chairs with red leather seats.
ATVI A
v
?v
.4
ITMUAMIA
4
VI
//.
W ITLERr-%
GERMANY
1)
RUGS, RUGS
4*% Cr\ — NEW broadloom scatter JU mg,, plain colors, assorted, 0ic — BEAUTIFUL Wiltons and * * J Axmlnsters,, factory second* brand new, 4 6* x 7*6“
— NEW' Axmlnster ruga, lovely pattern, seamless
VI
RADIO SUPPLY, REPAIRS
BOOSTER FOR BATTERIES AND Electric Radio. Improve reception 200 per cent.
1.000 per cent? helps eliminate interfering stations. Reduce batteries* consumption. Satisfaction guaranteed. 11.00 postpaid, ney Radio Booster, Saskatchewan
3
Increase
m
$18
66 s
s%
2 2
— LARGE Axmlnetsr ruga 6 2** x ÎO 6 *. seaml
$24.50
G
V.
Hlghgste
new factory seconds
OSAS»
dfsyQ Cn — BEAUTIFUL Wilton* 4 7. J v ae am lees, fringed, gree* rust and Oriental patterns, new conde. 6*2 x •*


*

SEWING MACHINES A HPPU


• û
Common clays suitable for the production of budding brick and tile are to be found in all the provinces of Canada.
— BROADLOOMS. 6#	% F,
PJy plain colors in wins and cop-

%
AMT
PARTS AND
REPAIRS, make, write for prices on new or reconditioned machines. 2# years* experience — A Gilbert, 341 Tonga Street Toronto.

»
*
per shades.
BASEMENT SPECIALS
$12.50
«¦
o'*


0
— SINGER drophead sewing machines, guaranteed
z
G
O
condition.
\
J
;
Hundreds of
Wireless Operators Needed
DOMINION GOVERNMENT MOW Calling urgently for trained
dQ Sn — KITCHEN cabinets with P'7. JU gliding porcelain top*


U16ARI
conditioned.
/-i v*"A
v
1
tf C QC - AND up. gas stoves. • pj,7J &nd 4 burners, guaranteed, did Qn — 6-plece breakfast suite# i Y./V buffet table end 4 chair*
'e

<
c«
»
7XZ 1nno,Wl,rn*,r.,.,oCn0St„ a*
tions with R.C.M.P., R.C.JLF-Trans-Canada Airway* Dept of Transport, Marconi Co» etc.
$ i t
enamel fliMefc,
$-
*
SECTIONAL bookc
$8.95 i&rg* assortment
dresser* chiffon is chaire, etc» at


of
ir* beds. ' \ h I e* ridiculously Is#
tc th^^hrer Hitler has repeatedly excused his aggression to the east by thF complaint that Germany was being encircled by her foes
ystavs ut
particulars of proven course and evening code
For full training
classes.
RADIO COLLEGE OF CANADA
J
writ.
Open Evenings
Write fer
III
time
OF
For over 10 years a leading organ# nation of Its kind in Canada

LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 YONGE ST.
re*
L___5:1 ) North Sea blockade by Britain. (12) Scandinavian countries also neutral but friendly to Allies.
Issue No. 43 — 39
neutral

ONE BLOCK NORTH OF COIAJMHI
ner
t
###PAGE###4###



7\7\f\/j/'^/ / s-* * 7
1 needs ami conditions as they develop?, but the plans can nevertheless be prepared on a sound and efficient basis.
Dr Barton said it was plainly apurent that the temper of people of Canada is tint this war shall not be one of great
>
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 2, 1939
HODQ-INS
GARAGE
Laying Washes
V
prohtt t«> anyone
An outline of the present position production in relation to supplies essential food products was given to tin* (Conference by different officials of tin* Dominion Department of Agriculture.
Director, Market it
of
Lord Tweedsmulr Unable to Accept Second Tcim
Eades’ Eggslent Laying Mash
18 p.c. Protein, 4 p.c. Fat, 7 p.c. Fibre $2.35 per bag
Shur-Cain Laying Mash
18 p.c. Protein, 3.5 p.c. Fat, 7 p.c
Blatchford’s 17 p.c. Laying Mash $2.75 per bag
17 p.c. Protein, 4 p.c. Fat, 7 p.c. Fibre
I
X
V
lues not wish t« («eneral ex in November
Lord Twc i \ « hi# ? - 'I
tided when it expires »40. it i“ learned.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet
Sales
vernoi
X
X
\ M, Shaw,
who is rhaîrman of the Agrtcul s Committee, presided at uf the Conference
»
s
St'i \
t ur»d Supplii

tlv WH H IU M '
Vhe Governor ( «et
l bv New \ i>rk doctors l
li ailment and, whi.lv tli
v.uninitioii hav
BD
.c. Fibre $2.45 per bag I §
11
\»u
na
t that
»***»>*%**<*<**<*»**»+^**<*************»******^**'
vived, v ni y reports it i> he x itisfaetoi y and resulted il in diet.
No Trespassing
vol w fl
strictly cautioned hunting on Lots , t h and 19, Range 10 ; 16 V, Range 9, id
\1l
i
un
1
t.wl, he d ie load ot for which Vrimo Minister
xmg this Summer pointed eat. popularity throughout It which the Kings representative
tivl expressed the hope Lord W. .1
ght be extended
H
>es
it IS 0
should carry i five years
against trespassing or
14. 15, 16, 1 17, is. on Range 11 the Township of Clarendon
Ry order*
1
I tl
Just to Remind You . .
led
tt
Shur-Cain Concentrates
!

Il tl
A. H. 1IQKXKI! II. RICHARDSON
F. A HORN ER GREER,
a It’s time to give your car a complete check-up and 3 put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation
3 during cooler days ahead.
iwyv't
Big 50 Protein Concentrate
100 Concentrate and 7 Ground Crains mak 800 of 16 per cent, laying Mash.....
Egg Maker Poultry Concentrate
100 Concentrate and 400 Ground Crains makes 500 of 16 per cent Laying Masfi.....
s 1erin m
1 \X
No Trespassing
Quebec Bureau of Mines Issues September Mineral Statistical Bulletin
$4.75 per bag
are strictly
fur bidden on the following properties :
Lots	; is,
The Quebec Bureau of Mines has just Riinge to, of the township of Clarendon, issued the combined September and Ry order of the owners, tiist nine-month’s statistical production *	\V. H. Howard
Production figures:	Percy BeusHKR
Ja». Kelley
Hunters and Trespassers
Don't wait until trouble catches up with you. .get
Change Oil and Tune-up Motor. Put in
your car ready for winter now.
Grease. Check Battery.
Anti freeze. Let us prapare your car for trouble-free
lull let m tor 1939 tv the month of September, 19.39, again | how substantial increases over Septem- I 193" except for Silver which shows j ~ loss i"i the month H'fxvevev. the
$3.90 per bag

r
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O.
nine month, figures Famous Istanbul Mosque
how ui increase in every ease without	OflC of Largest v^nurCnCS
xeeption. Production figures for the Sl Sophia mosque in Istanbul.
t nine months in 1939 warren* the Tiirkcy, ts undoubtedly the world's lelief a new production peak will he t)est example of Byzantine architec-gain reached this year. As the price ture; Rut, from the outside, it might f met ds has also shown an increase the Re mistaken for a factory or ware-due of mineral production in W39 | house. (One of the world's largest hotiltl "Urpass tint of any previous | churches. it shoots 180 feet skyward
lhstantial amount.	land its dome is 107 feet in diame-
nvst important mineral, ter.) Inside, the effect is more faut view of value, shows j vorable. The 126 pillars — stolen î 4,0.13 ounces fur the from the temples of the ancient gods li and 7".920 minces for the year, i —lend an air of immensity, even if shows an increi for the nine
winter driving now
I S
X
J. Ii. HODGIN8
Rush-Button Tuning Direct to Europe !
ir hy •» " Gold tht
Phone 64 J.
rom the point
n increase n

vn
of 3.6'i3,73s ()f nothing else. Eight serpentine month period, columns were plundered from the VdtcMtns the leading industrial mineral 1 Temple of Diana at Ephesus, and
re. has an in eight of porphyry from the Temple ver September 0f the Sun at Baalbek. The build-t 3s,2*>s t<>r the ling j0b required 10.000 workmen; \11 other minerals listed the total cost—including the graft— show proportional.-in- was something like $60.000,000.
There are 500 mosques in Istan-
_	bul, and all are interesting—if you
-In Opportunity to Co operate , [ikp mosques In most of them you
"	. r have to don slippers and shuffle
In connection with the. marketing ol around in an awkward attempt to he 1939 crop of Canadian apples thr keep them on. If you lose them fallowing statement lias been made hy y0ur feet desecrate the sacred condon. dames G. Gardiner, Dominion flnes jn §t. Sophia this practice no
Minister ot Agriculture:	longer holds; the building is now a
“We have been notified that as a ' result of conditions brought about by
is
l'l>er
md<
With this amazing1 new

Que h
i
Province «*t of 9,> I *> tons m l an lncreise
Westinghouse
DALE’S TINSHOP
3
I
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
S
battery radio

Now you can have your International Hook-
i
i
l
J
/
\
own
Up with London, Paris, Rome, Berlin and other

a
X
museum
‘ ? À */À
w.
¦	i Of fui greater interest to most
he war, the normal quantity <»f apples tourists (especially the women) is .. ill not be imported into < it Britain
rom Canada this year. Of a crop of
i
the Seraglio palace, boasting, as it
HBH,	4 does, of such items as the Persian
not more than 15,000,000 bushels about sRaR»s throne, of massive gold and r>0 per cent is usually exported. It is proposed to dispose of half of the a Altai export in Canada as fresh fruit and dry and can the remainder.
“The Government of Canada ha*
1 ready announced its plan to purchase -nd process a substantial portion of the apple crop, and also proposes through be Dominion Department of Agricul*
; ire to carry on a national merchandising r;nd advertising campaign for the purpose of informing the public regarding .he availability of this excellent fruit and of stimulating home consumption.
The grading regulations have been so amended that only the better quality apples will be available as fresh fruit.
“In this connection, it is believed that • veryone in Canada and particularly the housewife, will be willing to co-operate t > bring about a larger consumption of his excellent Canadian fruit during the next few months. This would solve the problem’.
points.
ill iiigi
jt| ÉIÜ
Findlay Furnaces
Insures Your Heating Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
f;


"et with rubies, and a collection of pearls, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds so large and perfect that no one has ever been able to compute their worth. The women, and even the men. likewise are taken in by the Grand Bazaar, which is a city in itself and which, covered partly as an arcade, is a maze of streets, lanes, and alleys.

y
NO GUESSING
NO WAITING NO TUNING
JUST
PRESS THE BUTTON
H)W
y
!
X
8
BE
a
X
?

\
4

$
3
A
r
l


LI

DALE’S TINSHOP
/
1
>
Joan of Arc’s Real Name Was Jeannette, Is Claim
“Joan of Arc” is a literal translation of the French “Jeanne d Arc.” Although the French heroine was mown as “Jeannette" in the coun-ryside around Domremy on the Meuse, where she was born in 1412, she is referred to in contemporary documents as ‘.‘Jeanne.” She was railed “Jeanne d'Arc” by the French and English * because they were under the impression that she ierived her surname from a village •lamed Arc in the vicinity of her airthplace. The only village or '.own in France called Arc is many miles south of Doremy and evidence produced by several antiquaries indicates that the name of “Jeanne’s" father was “Jacques Dare,” and not “Jacques d'Arc,” as generally supposed Therefore it is probable that the heroine's original name was “Jeanne” or “Jeannette Dare,” or, in English, “Joan Dare.” In the French army she was first called simply “La Pucelle” (The Maid), and after she raised the siege of Orleans she was known as “La Pucelle d Orleans” (The Maid of Orleans).
I	Shawville Quebec
If you are like most people the-? clays you want tlie radio designed for direct hookup with nil important capitals hci’Oïh the ^	^
Atlantic—at the push of a button. Here it nl‘|||(J C|1 i-i ! Westinghouse Model i01X packed with	1 I I	«J 11
19to advanced features and the greatest i-	9 w w 9 w
tube value Westinghouse ha* ever built.
An ultra modern world-wide receiver, encased in the most glamorous piece ot Further Price cabinetwork to be found in any showroom on the continent.
NOW ONLY
Buy Before
ESTABLISHED 1883
Advance
INVALID
COACH
Provinces Pledge Support In Efforts for Food Supply
Ask for a demonstration
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Wilmer H. Hodgins
Shawville, Quebec
At a conference between Ministers, deputy Ministers and other officials of he Provincial Departments of Agricul* and the members of the recently a-me,I Agricultural Supplies Consultée, held in Ottawa September 27th and j8th, the fullest co-operation of the provinces with the Committee in any 'îfort to promote the production of essential food products to meet the needs of Britain and her Allies and the people of Canada, was pledged.
Hon. James O Gardiner, Dominion Minister of Agriculture at the opening session of the conference said it had been called with a view to getting cooperation in an effort to insure that food supplies are available for the Allies and
He explained
Dirostors cf Funeral Service
ire
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20-18
Phone 80
reader's way, and lead to a profound ,md moving study of the main activities of a great Society.
being the Popular Repent (1938-39) Perhaps never has the work been of the British and Foreign Bible more aptly portrayed than under this Society by the Rev. John A. Patten, imngery. and the reader j mrney* with
M.V,	. ... S„«n.
tendent.	porteurs, till the Romance of the Bible
¦MB
mm
For Wayfaring Men
Beattie’s Eye Service
ihe people in Canada__________________
hat the fact should be kept in mind •hat the war will end some time and c >nse,piently it would not be advisable ti plan now on definite lines of production, but so that the industry of agriculture should not be thrown out of gear when the war does end.
Dr. G. S. H. Barton, Deputy Minister of Agriculture, said that it was the hope that the Agricultural Supplies Conimittiee would act as a clearing house for co-ordinating the various Agricultural services that are assigned to do special duties in connection with
thMNfe
11 lest information was not available as /ears ago to juat what food products would lie re *hance they might be made to ittired. fAll thaf the conference could germinate He gave a few of them hope to do for the time being is to shat* 0 a skilled gardener, with instructs tentative program. One of the big ions to plant them. And the result gest contributions to the war efforts that vas an almost supernatural event,
can be made, he stid, is by the sending or these peas, 3,300 years old,
A supplies for the Allies. While it will piouted and developed into magnif- ; lie neces«nry to concentrate in this direc j rent plants on which an excellent , tion, the organization must be prepared 1 rop matured. They have blue to be readily readjusted til the light of >ods and green kernels,
Miracles Still Happen Some 3.200 years ago peas were deposited in the tomb of Tutankhamen, the Egyptian king, as food on his journey. Behind the wall .hat seals the grave, which is watched over by the goddess Isis, he mummy of the ancient Egyptian, ruler has been discovered in a costly sarcophagus mummy were the gifts bestowed on he illustrious king as everlasting sustenance for him on his journey. Xn English professor inspected in iis own home the seemingly value-ess and desiccated seeds of 3.300
and wondered if by
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
Alongside the
King’* word* at the unveiling of the War Memorial at Ottawa are given
“Enduring pea## freedom!”
word* the King expreesed mankind’*
Scientific Eye Examinations
He explained that a* yet the
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
in the*e over
KATHLEEN M ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE. Pref#ieloaalOptometM#l
lOptometrUl.
###PAGE###5###

WW
f
^ —
Service Announcement
The Equity

#

'4

Siiawvillk Unitku Chvhi ii
11 kn A.F.Fok 11. A, H.D. l>ator
Sun»I - v, Sotwkf ft .
11.00 * m.- -Service at Slmwvllle,
Sermon hy the Pastor oa “A Shawville L uit^i Church folk .
1 30 v m.—Service nt Zion
—Service at Stark's Corners —Service at Shawville.
Golds

Bitsbllehed IMI
PCRMAHKI) «VERY THIR.UAY AT
8HAWVXLLB, QUEBEC
i,. A %

e e
Break up that cold before it gets you down by using our remedies.
We have a good supply of Cough Syrup, Cough Drops, Aspirin, Acctophen, Quinnine, etc.
J
— 4
if t
K
V
V
«a
*

-N
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
81 60

Anywhere in Un nail h To United States.
3.00 p ni 7.30 p.m
The IVator will preach <m the subject: “Fighting the devil.
»
e •
V #.
Z
Zz
v
•2.00
>
4 ecfc
f ».
V » TL
i :
i
All arrears must he paid lit full before any paper U discontinued
X
;
7Ï iroX
i W \

\
IE
B
1ÎU1ST0L VnITKD ClllîBClf
C. ABAStTROSG-S.U.BMt F». ï)* hui.day. November r>
St Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m. St. Andrews, W.M S. Thank-
otiering St*r\ ice ...... 11*00 a. ni.
Sunday School 80° !'•m
8.00 p. m.
Sunday School 10.30 a. ni
s.-i v ica	7.3Q p. m
Subject : “The Pansion of Evangélisa '



,‘àrtAV
W. (). COWAN. PUBLISHER
fill1
111



Hoff For Service
* m z



a


Purebred Yorkshire gtgUtered Hog,
Service fee,

« a: k
Atlantic c rotant g in	,
Juif. 1*40. c"
135
v=
from prize-winning stocks
Apply to
Knox.
I


Service

WS
» •
#1.00.
THE CORNER STORE
Austin,
w
WlI.MKU II. HolXilN*, H. R No, I, Shaw ville.
il
? -51
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
LEADERSHIP

r_L" ’X
New Hvg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog for service. Fee $1.00. Apply to
MANSON MrCAGG
R. 2, Shaw ville, Que.
ANGLICAN
St. Pavl's
Sunday, November ft
8.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. ui.—Sunday School
11.00	a.iii.—Holy Communion
7.ÎJ0 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Like'*
1.00	p. m.—Sunday School
l 30 p. m. -Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
3.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer


IN an era of sails it took real courage and vision to inaugurate an "ocean railway ; Today the hazard and experiment in new undertakings is greatly lessened by the up-to-date facilities of modern banks. In over hundred years we have had experience
8HAWVILLE

z
X
V
I
Sir Samuel Cunard
Bora In Holifo* in 1787, SirSamuelCunord was the founder of the Cunard Steamship Line and the pioneer of rogular ocean steam navigation. His wasthe dream of "anocean railway", as he termed it, with steam open a ted ships crossing with the regularity of railways on land.
This dream was realised esactly 100 years ago—in 1839-with the formation of the ‘'British and North American Mail Steam Packet Company." The nest year, R M S.
Britannia" arrived in Halifax, July 16th, 1840, completing her maiden voyage.
Smart New Color Schemes for Every Home
one
with almost every conceivable type of business problem. We welcome opportunities to place this experience at your disposal.
Coast to Coast in Canada
CUBA, PUERTO RICO, CHICAGO, BOSTON,
pAitwii of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Are you looking forward to the pleasant prospect of furnishing a new home in the near future, or are you merely faced by that oft-recurring problem of injecting
new life into a home that is no longer new ?

DOMINICAN LONDON, ENGLAND.
NEWFOUNDLAND, JAMAICA, REPUBLIC, NEW YORK,
» r
Sunday, November 61 h Holy Communion, Evening Prayer,
10.30
Cbarteris,
Greermount,
Thorne Centre, Evening I’laytr,
2.30



*,//


Ü
Y/ /. %/: <*?!

7.00

: m
I B
Fa
l§ln
V'-.n
l
•/•'¦ a za ¦ X
%
JiSsem
#3
Xtti
New Study of Sun Spo's
Detailed in Publication
approaching when the
You will
The long winter months are home is used mere than any time of the year.
»


Popular conjecture ©a to the portance of sun spots t mb.i'*" of the earth is just so much \ guessing until scientists learn more about sun spots themselves, other astronomical centers widespread study ut sun spiffs is Ve in g carried on is the University of Michigan observatory at Ann Arbor. Discoveries of the last few years have made possible the prediction of latitudes of sun spot activity throughout an 11-year cycle. This fact, together with evidence that regions of maximum and minimum sun-spot activity recur with each 27-day rotation of the sun about its axis, led Michigan astronomers to believe that further studies might reveal the basis for predicting the longitude of sun-spot activity, as
well as its latitude.
After three years of intensive study of the problem, Dr. Hazel Marie Losh, of the Michigan observatories, has published the results of her observation of the distribution of sun spots in longitude, indicating strong evidence for the belief that sun spots follow regular patterns in their distribution across the.face of the sun, as well as they do in distribution up and down between the solar poles. Most striking among Dr. Losh’s findings is the tendency for opi>osite sun-spot activity to appear in the northern and southern hemispheres of the sun at any one longitude. While occasionally similar activity areas were found at the same longitude in both hemispheies, by* far the most common situation the finding of maximum activ-
*.m
r-
making yonr home
»
fin(J that a few dollars spent i attractive now
tarts
l SU
111
*
,* will pay glorious dividends of
%
m
more
ng
fèilll
Fur Pelts Wanted
iH
woerr
throughout the year.
pleasure
CARD OF THANKS
Roy G. Fraser
1 wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kind* of Seasonable Fur Fella and assure highest market prices.
NO HR IS R. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
demonstrate to you the fundamental rules of
3 Let us
3 decoration practice, especially as applied to the simplest B
homc-beautifying—investing in the appropriate 8
«Cotigoleum Gold Seal Rugs and Hoop B
We wish to extend our heartfelt thanks and appreciation fur the acts of kindness, messages of sympathy and beautiful floral offerings received from ;r many friends in ment iu the loss of our beloved wife and mother. We especially tlmnk the members of the Adina Rebekah Lodge.
G. A. Howard and Family.
Gifts, Novelties
Flowers,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 888
of all
patterns of Covering”.
sad Lereave-
our
Phone 160
Rhone 43.
No Trespassing
All persons are to trespass, hunt or camp on the following properties in the Township of Calumet Island, County of Fontiac. Quebec :
Lots Hi, 17, 18, pt. 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, Range 0.
Lots, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20 A, pt 20, 21, 22, Range 7.
Lots 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 17, 17-B, 18, Range 8.
Lots 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and pt 20, on 9th Range.
Hy order
ERNEST O MURRAY,
For the Owners.
Styling, We in
Distinctive Flower that’s our business.
In Memoriams
strictly forbidden
For Your Bedroom
On
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
We miss yf-u now, this time of year, Most of all ;
Little we dreamed you would he gone When the leaves began to fall.
The Autumn w ind blows round the house As it used to do ;
Little we thought when the leaves appeared
That they’d so soon drift o’er you.
You have been loved, respected here, Since e'er you came ;
Now that you have gone we feel ,T will never be the same.
The yellow light rises o’er the corn,
And this harvest land ;
There is silence on the moon swathed farm,
Touched by God's hand. ^
We knew there was an end to life,
But not so soon ;
Perhaps it is best God has made Eternity behind the moon.
From the family of the late John Horner, Radford,and written by bis loving granddaughter, H. Joan Finnigan.
Beautiful New Designs in Dressers. Cbitf.mers, Vanitys,
Chairs, Simmons Beds and Mattresses.
Mattresses from $5.95 and up
us collect.
$5.00 or over phene us collect
and we shall prepay.
Wardrobes
$14.50
$15.75
Filled Mattress
See Our Special Spring The Boyal Spring Filled Mattress
I
Phone anytime between 7 a. ir.
and 11pm.
On Display for The Christmas Trade
New Living Room Furniture
Studios,
Poultry Wanted
NOTICE
Shawville Egg and Poultry As-social ion will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each week until 4.00 pm. For further |
Phone, 9- 7
All persons are forbidden to trespa. or hunt on Lot 12 B. Range 9.
By order,
NORRIS BROWNLEE

End Tables,
Chesterfield Suites,
Radio Tables, etc.
This Christmas buy her a genuine Nah-Co Cedar Chest.
was
ity in the'northern hemisphere, accompanied by minimum activity in the southern hemisphere.
i
1! T. STARK,
Manager
Refuse Used in Bricks
Tells Stcry of the Hop!
H88I KBend cantaloupe graced the tables of Americans in the Far Southwest 300 years ago and perhaps before the first white settlers arrived at Plymouth. These delicacies, not native to either of the American continents, made their debut in what is now the United States as early as 1629, says Vol-H. Jones. University of Michigan anthropologist, the story of whose research story appeared in the New York Herald Tribune.
Evidence that American Indians included these melons and other foreign foodstuffs in their diets at this early date is provided by, of all things, the bricks of a Spanish mission in the old Hopi Indian village of Awatovi in northeastern Arizona. In Mr. Jones’ research waste food and other refuse was separated from the adobe bricks of the mis This refuse, Mr. Jones ex
MacLean s
Final Party Standing In Quebec
i9
open for your inspection at any time.
Watermelon
our
1939	1936
16	70
67	14
RED & WHITE STORE
Union Nationale...
Liberal ...........
Independent . ...
National Deferred
fottl
Following is the list of party gains :
Liberal from U.N. .... . • •	54
Independent from U.N. .
National from U.N.......
Unchanged...............
(Two new seats and one deferred)
1
1
• •
"Tha Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
i
Grocery Specials
86 !XA
oey
t e
SPECIALS
59 cts.
per pound .
Pontiac Special Black lea, Coffee Beans, Freshly Ground,
Fluffs with tumbler..., Fluffs with bowl......
i
48 cts.
Black Tea, per lb
Wheatera,
Honey, clover,
I
35
S I
l
M *• •
• •
«•••••••
4 »
4 *
5
27
44
44	44
25
4 I
Newport
65
44
8 11) tin
39
• I
A
Newport
Pound Bar Soap, three bars for.......
few pounds of Green Tea left at the old
price, three pounds for.......
.took RobinHoo^Harves^
Christmas Photo* — The Perfect Gift There’s no gift quite so personal and friendly as your photograph, be cause it’s you. Two extra photos with
each dozen.
H. I MHOS * Photo Stvdio g
35
44
^ 44 44 4) 44 44
19
44
44
19
44
44
44
Still a
$1.00

25
44
Sdted Sodas. 1 lb. pkg., 2 for
G M. Coffee, 1 lb. tin........
Toddy,

• • •
sion.
plains, was used as a binding material in manufacturing the bycks.
Because records give 1629 as the date for the building of the mission, the introduction of these foods by the Spanish is known to be not later than this date. In addition to the melon seeds found in the bricks, fruit pits, grain and straw also indicate that the Hopi people were cultivating wheat, peaches and either plums or apricots at this time. The information given by the bricks indicates that there have been no important changes in the climate, vegetation or animals of the region
years since the mission
i
49
44
We
Save Cost
El minute your “IV Battery by installing a new Gen o motor in your radio. These can be installed in any battery set and
R. t, Shaw ville. Phone. 9 Ü3.
39
44
1 lb. tin
Keynote,
Flour.
25
4<
4 “	“..................
Ovaltine, *4 oz. tin .............
G. M. Orange Marmalade, 4 lb tin
Corn Syrup, 10 lb. tin
5 “ “
Fine Salt, 14 lb. bag
44
.... 25
44
50
44

FOR SALE
75
44
I
Galvanised Steel Booflng.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Deloriinler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
40
44
44
44
• • •
• • • •
• • • I
I
. 25
44
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
in the 3
vas built.
Successor

###PAGE###6###
Historian Will
Accompany
Troops
British Air Mission Is Here to Organise “Finishing School” For Empire Pilots
1939 Soldiers Are Getting More Pay
NEWS
Canadian Private in Infantry la Paid $1.30 a Day on Active Service
PARADE
The Increased skill demanded of the modern soldier as well as the higher cost of living compared to 1914 have resulted In the Canadian Government being far more generous to the men of the Canadian Active Service Force In the matter of pay than to the old Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Whereas an Infantry private received a dollar a day In 1914 plus ten cents “field allowance," today he receives $1.30 per day, an Increase of nearly 20 per cent. Officer ranks also will be considerably better In this war than the last, aa the following comparison reveals:
THE WAR:
An official historian will ##
•mi with Canada's first dtrtsion
WEEK BY WEEK
At the beginning of its sixth week, Europe's big war could scarcely be said to bave got going yet. The powers in conflict appeared to be hesitating in the midst of hostilities before taking the final plunge, while peace talk took precedence everywhere over war talk. Even after Premiers Daladier of Fr ance and Chamberlain of Great Britain had come out flatly in rejection of Hitler's proposals for an armistice, the world continued to look for further peace offers to come from some quarter (from President Roosevelt, Mussolini or Queen Wilhelmina, perhaps) — offers which both sides could accept without too much loss of face. The war was indeed an unwelcome baby on every doorstep, Hitler or no Hitler.
The world had time to ask itself questions: What was the war about? Would it come to an end with the fall ot Hitler's regime? What sort of government could follow Hitler's, with Germany in its present state of semi-collapse? How were the Allies to restore Poland in toto without going to war against Russia, too? Where did Italy fit into this jig-saw puzzle? Had the Rome-Berlin Axis been split in two by the signing of the Nazi-Soviet pact? What would happen to Norway and Sweden if Russia gained control of the Gulf of Finland? With Hitler defeated in the east already, what could he do in the west?
Almost Quiet On Western Front
On the Western Front the war hung fire. Some activity was seen in the northeastern sector from the Moselle to the Rhine, and in the Saar area and 30,000 British troops moved into action. But no major push came. As one wit remarked: "Soldiers said they knew it was a war because the cooties were biting.” But was it the calm before the storm? Did the trainloads of heavy artillery moving up | behind the Siegfried Line mean that Hitler was shortly to launch a "Blitzkrieg” should his "peace offensive” fail? Were the Allies waiting for colder weather to come? A whole winter on the economic front might see Germany crack at home under the strain.
so that, from the atari, maids wlU be avatlabl j from which, laser, am authentic story oI the Ion's overseas participation la the war osa be written.
All Movement# Recorded
This step Is aocsssac7 to avoid
the difficulties encountered, years after, when the Government decided to have an official history prepared of Canada’s war effort he the great war. la the absence ei official records by any appelated Canadian historian, the •action of uie îCâiioniî Department, under Gel. F. A. Da-gold eg director, experienced great difficulty In preparing the history. Thus far only one volume, with aa appendix volume, has been pleted for publication on the last
In a sense Canada la now the “Air Capital of the Emp ire,” as the above picture testifies. Grouped around Lord Riverdale are member# of the British Air Missio n, here to organise s “finishing school” for Air Force pilots from Australia, New Zealand and, of course, Canada. Pilots from Britain herself may be sent hers too for "finishing,” Lord Riverdale indicated. Left to right in the group taken at Quebec just before the mission members boarded their C.P.R. special car for Ottawa are: Group Captain L. N. Hollinghurst, O.B.E., D.F.C., F. R. Howard, Group Captain J. M. Robb, D.S.O., D.F.C., Air Marshal Sir C. L. Courtney, K.C.B., C.B.E., D.S.O., Lord Riverdale, beside whom is Group Captain A. É. Godfrey, of the Royal Canadian Air Force who returned to Canada with the mission, Miss M. A. Wright and Miss V. M. Bennett, shorthand secretaries, J. R. Smyth, À. D. Hayward and Group Captain A. Gray, M.C. Other members of the mission who have not yet arrived in Canada are Air Chief Marshall Sir Robert Brooke-Popham, G.C.V.O., K.C.B., C.M.G., D.S.Oi, A.F.C., F. T. Searle and Captain Paul Balfour.
Comparison With 1914 (Includes field allowances)
1914	1939
$7.60 $10.60 6.26 10.00 6.00	7.76
3.76 6.60 2.60 6.00
Colonel .......
Lt.-Colonel ......
Major .........
Captain .......
Lieutenant ....
••••••••
war.

H la i tor I call y, things are to be a lot different In this war since, from the beginning, an official record will be kept of the movements, sett vit lee, engagements, etc., of aB Canada's overseas forces.
4.16
2nd Lieutenant ......
The following are the comparisons for warrant officer, non-commissioned officer end private ranks
1 939
Canada Made Air Centre - For Empire
Exelain Need For Relaxation During Wartime
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
1914
$4.20
Warrant Off (RS.M.'s) $2.30 (All other class 1 W.O.'e Quartermaster Sergeants R.Q.M.S. S.Q.M.S. Inc) 2.00 Company S.M. ..
(W. O.'s class 3)
Coy. Q.M. Sergts
Sergeants .......
Corporals .......
Lance Corporals .
Privates, troopers, etc 1.10
By VIC BAKER
Claiming to be the oldest alive, Greek peasant Riga» Droeoe told journaliste in his native village of Katzikart that he was ltl old. He admitted he was
Advanced Air Training Will Be Centralized Here — Aircraft Industry Mobilized for The
Psychologists, Doctors and Clergymen Agree that Entertainment, Sports, Other Amusements Should Not Be Curtailed
1.10
3.00
1.80
NEW SKEET TITLE Canada's thousands of skeet shooters have a new mark to aim at now that a new Canadian amateur long run skeet record has just been established by Arthur C. Donner, one of the best known shotgun shooters in the Dominion.
Breaking a string of 219 consecutive regulation clay-pigeon skeet targets, the Montreal Skeet Club marksman set a new mark recently which shatters the former Dominion recorr of 117 set in 1937 by Robert E. Branch of the St. Catharines Trap and Gun Club of Ontario, it was announced recently from the head-quarter? of the Dominion Marksmen organization in Montreal*
Donner, who set the new record on the layout of the Montreal Skeet Club, was also a member of the five-man team from Montreal's Grand Trunk Riverside Gun Club, which captured the Dominion trap team title in thr recent national skeet and trap shooting championships.
3.76
2.60
1.70
War
******
year*	.
“not so alert” now as he was aiz * months ago, when he was still able to walk the 60-mile stretch to the town of Drama. He married his 20-year-old third wife when he was 80. His youngest child Is a girl of 11, his oldest la
2.20
- 1.60
1.70
1.20
Aircraft manufacturing and air training schools in Canada will be called upon to play a larger part in the Empire's war effort in light of the announcement and in London that advanced air training will be centralized in Canada and steps will be taken to speed production.
Canadian iraining Efficient
The announcement that Empire filers from the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand will be given advanced training in Canada is interpreted in aviation circles as a tribute to the efficiency of the Canadian training.
The statement issued by Prime Minister Mackenzie King indicates the completion of long-considered plans for mobilizing the Canadian aircraft industry and air training facilities for the service of the Empire in the war.
Greatly Advanced
In connection with training, Canada is one of the most advanced countries in tht world in so far as civil aviation is concerned and the facilities for training civilian pilots may be utilized in the war scheme.
Already the Royal Canadian Air Force is using 22 Canadian flying clubs to provide the preliminary training for its fliers. The intermediate training is given at Camp Borden and the advanced training at Trenton.
###
1.60
.... 1.16
1.30
Toronto psychologists, clergymen and physicians have agreed that, even though Canada be at war, there should be no suggestion of curtailing entertainment, sports or other forms of amusement either among the troops or the civilian population.
Dr. Thomas C. Routley, secretary of the CanadL Medical Association, added unofficial medical approval of the suggestion.
"I believe medical opinion would support the principle of sane living.” he said. "Sane living contemplates normal living and which living requires certain amount of diversion to take our minds off problems and allow us to relax.”
The quantity of leather footwear manufactured in Canada for the six-month period ended June 30, 1939, totalled 11,249,771 pairs, compared with 10,946,863 pairs for the corresponding period in 1938.
75.

VOICE
of the
PRESS
9

BAD COMBINATION
Night driving is a hazard when highways are not lit and drivers Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph
TIME ON THEIR HANDS
With no buttons to shine and no puttees to roll, the soldier lads will have more time to play crown and anchor.—Kitchener Record.
Take Minds Off Problems
* “In the present situation I would say by all means maintain our recreation program. ' said Dr. J. D. Ketchum, professor of psychology at the University of Toronto. "And there are times whan It might not be advisable, but this Is not one.”
Rev. Gordon A. Pisco, general secretary of the United Church of Canada, said: "At this time of struggle, and taking the whole Canadian situation Into account, 1 believe that normal
Aerial Shooting Expert
Known by shooters in almost all of Canada’s shotgun clubs, Donner s brilliant marksmanship ip by no means confined to shattering the swift-flying clay-pigeons. For many years h« has been known as one of the country's leading aerial shooting experts. Sportsmei all over Canada have, at one time or another, been thrilled by this sniper's exhibitions which include such tricks as hitting a pea in mid-air, putting five shots into a falling block of wood with a 30/30 le/er action rifle, and smashing up to five clay-pigeons tossed into the
are
Yes, Sir
BEE HIVE Syrepl
Is my 1 ggj morning |TO cereal ESI sweetener.
But war or no war, towards the end of the week things began to happen on the sea and in the air. The Allies sank several German submarines, which cost millions of dollars apiece. Germany launched new submarine attacks on Allied and neutral shipping and air attacks on naval bases news stories of the week featured the sinking of the British battleship Royal Oak with a loss of 370 lives; and the air battle over Scotland in which German planes were driven off three times. German propaganda reports of Allied battleships sunk or crippled in many seas were far from reality but continued to alarm the populace.
PROPHESIES HIS OWN DOOM
"Thus the fact of the conclusion of a treaty with Russia embodies " the declaration of the next war. Its outcome would be the end of Germany.” (Mein Kampf, by Adolf Hitler, page 959, Reynal A Hitchcock edition).
Biggest
activities should be carried on as 'ar as possible. War Is so abnormal that If the mind Is allowed to centre on It exclusively, an unhealthy condition may easily arise.”
Kilt Attracts
Greeks, Irish
TRY IT TOMORROW
air
Mr. Donner a pupil is his wife. Mrs. "Art” Donner is classed as one of the Dominion’s best women skeet shots and under her husband’s guidance has become a sufficiently expert shot to think nothing of tossing golf balls into the air and hitting them with clockwork regularity with her hubby’s# .30/30 rifle.
WHY BARNS RED?
Perhaps barns are usually painted red because of some economic or scientific reason and research might establish the fact that after all red isn’t merely a man’s choice of colors manufacturers could only give us a choice of colors, durable under outdoor conditions, their names would be praised.—Farmer’s Advocate.
Russian Jew and Man of German Descent Also Join Sea-forths in Vancouver

z
WILL-YUM
V

A Terrible Price
Events moved swiftest, by paradox, in the east, where the war wasn’t. Conferences between neutral nations assumed a significance great enough to draw the eyes of the world away from the activities of the warring powers—to watch Russia and Finland, Russia and Turkey, Russia and the Balkan states engage in diplomatic contests the outcome of which will affect Europe far into the future. People began to understand the terrific price Hitler was having to pay for promised economic aid from the U S S R.

/
If science and paint
From Vancouver comes the news that YampoUky, Quovadis, Costellb and Zorn are all good Scots in the Sea forth Highlanders now.
3
l,
i
••

*
r
Camouflage For
Storing Places
A
MaXie Yampolsky, Jewish recruit, whose parents came from Russia, said he joined up because the kilted regiment "is the smartest outfit in town/’ George Quovadis, of Greek descent, grinned: "I don’t know, I guess I liked the uni. form.”
There are two Costellos in the Seaforths, unrelated but both with some Spanish blood. W. E. Costello said: "The regiment’s got the best record of any in Canada,” and A. P. Costello explained : "The gang’s all here.”
In Arnold Elmer Zorn the Seaforths claim the only man listed under "Z” in Vancouver units. Zorn, of German stock, said he joined on account of his friends.
All were born in British Colum-
£
v
WE’LL HAVE TO FACE OUR OWN YOUTH
Whatever you and we may think about Hitler and Hitlerism, we must recognize that the man is the idol of millions of young Germans, the institution is the shrine at which they worship, and they will not be easily disillusioned. Therefore, democracy’s task on the home front during the war years is to prepare a house in order; one they will instantly recognize as something infinitely better than the democracy their Hitler strove to overthrow. Indeed, we shall have to prepare to face our own youth. If the only democracy we are able to show them after the war is the same old prewar model with all its poverty and unemployment and insecurity, the generation will have some right to ask what we went to war for?— Calgary Albertan.
V

In small houses the tops of wardrobes often have to be utilised as storing places for suitcases, dress-boxes or other packages. These cases may be made less noticeable if a cotton or linen cover of a shade matching that of the wall behind is laid over them and neatly tucked in all round. An old window-blind of unbleached linen may be used if the wall is papered or distempered in cream or an old casement curtain may be tinted to whatever shade is required. A cover of this kind not only camouflages the stored packages but also keeps them free from dust.
4
PC
Z

A
C.P.R. Passenger Agent
Transferred To Toronto
J
/
m
i
A
bia.
\
m
The six commonest surnames in England and Wales are Smith, Jones, Williams, TaylSr, Davis, and Brown.	-
Only women are allowed to do business in a bank recently opened in Amsterdam, where all the employees are women.
8-30
'AfevCÎSQ.
By GENE B X
REG’LAR FELLERS—Standard Equipment
PHOOCY ZX
s=fc4\

W^whaVsthe matter
Ilf i I WITH NOU, PINHEAD?
WM that a the tenth
WtW SWELL FISH YOU'VE , %% CHUCKED BACK TODAY / ZSflV ARE YOU DAFFY ?	-

/ /
HAH/ fM PERTIKILER/^ f M ONEY TRTIN' FOR ) FISH WITH BO/XRD4 / ON tH LIKE THE J
C
1
\
ON THE W,
*•
HIS DESK -
V
#


% I
'//I V/'
%
Harold C. James, assistant general passenger agent, Canadian Pacific Railway, Montreal, who has been appointed to succeed the late Mr. C. B. Andrews as assistant general passenger agent at Toronto. Mr. James joined the company at Saint John, N.B., in 1914, and is one of the most popular official of the railway.

V,

// /
&
TT
X




J



z
4

X
'•Xi
*>

-K>

_
###PAGE###7###
DELICIOUS REFRESHING
Table Talks
cautiously lowered hi# flashlight to the other side of the hole and then turned It on.
"There's someone here. Can you J&old the light for me while 1 make the opening large enough to drag him through? Keep to one side. There was someone else In there, too. This fellow didn't do the shootIng because he's already dead.' Then seeing Susie, he told her In a threatening tone, "Don’t you dare make a move. '
Claire held the electric, torch while Dan dug with quick, strong movements. Then he reached right down and dragged the Inert form through the hole. Susie held her breath while Susie made nueer clucking noises In her throat as though she were half-dead with fright. Carefully Dallas turned the over on his back. Claite gave
B, SADIE B. CHAMBERS
"h DOES leste good In « pipe!"
HANDY «AL-TiOHI POUCH . 15#
•	"LOK-TOe” TIN • 60#
•Iso pockod in Pocket Tint
mm
spreading and is ever popular.
Cake of the Witches
'	<"^c"T“r;'.TcKdG,i,e,ul"
Vg cup butter 1 cup sugar 3 egg yolks
1 teaspoon almond flavoring 1 teaspoon vanilla 1*4 cups cake flour y% cup milk	.
ü rS
for Pumpkin Tsrte
D


#
I
il rit#
•is

HOUSE OF SHADOWS
by Ids R Glesson
man a gasping cry.
"Pat — why It's Pat!" ^
Claire’s cry hail
0 if36 NSA Sefwe, Inc
be no aouui auout tuât, üreatuless-ly she brought the lamp and held It/close to the small place where the sharp point ot the Instrument had gone through. What was her astonishment to see — not darkness, as she expected — but a dim, wavering raüance. She bV ’ked her eyes and looked again. It was gone. Then It had been only her Imagination. She carried the lamp back and started making the hole larg-
BEUlit HfcHk I HIS WEEK
CLAIRE F08DICK seto out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire Is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious Jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden In the house.
Her car Is wrecked by s log that has been placed serosa the road. PAT MAOAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive en the scene and take Claire to the mountain house, where EB SPRATT and hi# sister, SUSIE, are the caretaker#.
Nick Bium comes to the mountain house. Later Claire sees him take Susie In hi# arms and kiss
As though brought him back from a very long distance, Pat's eyes fluttered open. Recognition came back to his fan? and he feebly stretched out bis hand to her.
Susie ran to get water which he drank eagerly. In a abort time he able to make It up the steps, with Dan Dallas’ strong arm to help. As they came out into the open air, a sharp peal of thunder roared about them, and splashes of rain fell, forerunners of the storm that had threatened for some


-V

Enioy the genuine
peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT GUM I
Get tome today!
Make Hallowe’en Happy Occasion
Gay Spirit of the Evening Can Be Expressed in Food and Fun For All Ages
wan
er
A Man, Motionless
After much effort she again brought the lamp, for now the op-en!ng’>as large enough to put her 6wn head through. Carefully she moved the Tight so that she could see quite a radius In the gaping darkness.
Apparently she had cut Into another small tunnel. The air seemed fresh and cool. Piles of fresh dirt lay before her, and at one side a piece of wood. Then she gave a start. Something black was crumpled close to the wall just below her. She turned the lamp so she could see, then gave a little cry.
hours.
Once more In the shelter of the house, Pat rapidly recovered from his harrowing experience.
"You can’t down an Irishman without a fight,” he told Claire when he finished reciting all that had happened to him. "It was that
that and the
SPICE TEA CAKES
1 % cups sifted cake flour 1% teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon soda % teaspoon salt
% teaspoon cinnamon and nutmeg teaspoon cloves 1% teaspoons ginger % cup butter
4 tablespoons brown sugar 1 egg well beaten % cup corn syrup
##### tope and sides with	SUGAR FROSTING
add the flavouring Given in
Just one thing more; party supper! Au Revoir
Clairs goes again to investigate the root cellar, and she hears a noiae, and terrified, runs up th.. noise, and terrified,, runs up the
that kept me going fact that Susie's spook was
one
swell scrapper
(To Be Continued)
All Hallows’ Eve—do you recognize It? Yes, It is the ancient name for our modern Hallowe’en.
The evening preceding All Saints Day has been a festival among English-speaking people since time Immemorial, tradition having It that on this night the spirits of the saints were abroad among the people where once they had lived in holiness, the sainted ones driving from the countryside the wicked spirits of the damned and the devils In forms of possessed animals, witches, and similar evil beings, who would work harm to honest folk.
An Opening
Claire’s nervousness by this time was beginning to get the beet of her, though she still worked steadily on. When next she stopped for breath, she thought she could hear a pew sound against the wall. Like someone breathing heavily — or was It only her own laboring lungs and pounding heart? She sat down the pile of earth to rest, then moved the lamp to the top of the pork barrel so that Its rays fell directly over her s?oulder. She examined the hole closely, but, so far aa she could see, all sides of It
Apparently
there was no sign of anything falling from above.
Wearily she started in again and the very next stroke thudded with s different sound. Claire stopped in fright and listened. Dead silence. If there had ever been any movement or noise beyond that dark-It certainly was not there Half timidly she dug farther.
Now the crowbar was cutting on through an opening. There could
The Red of Sumac
A man! Though he was so covered with dirt he looked hardly hu-He was lying face down in
quite motionless.
Our morning walk leads through the hill pasture
Touched last night by the autumn frost.
The path is one the sheep have
seeking windfalls
Under the early apples. Summer grass fringes
The winding path; pennyroyal grows from the stone
On the shaled ledge ; sheep stir up its pungency,
Thyme purples the rolling mounds, and velvet
Mullein leaves droop over drying grass.
Autumn migrants throw shadows over the brown fields
As the red of sumac floats on the south wind.
—Lansing Christman in Christian Science Monitor.
man
the soft earth
Claire watched for a terrified moment, then spoke to him, though her voice sounded strangely cracked and unnatural.
He did not move, so she reached her hand through and touohed him on the shoulder. Was It a corpse or had he Just dropped unconscious? She must go tor help. Quickly she started to back out of the hole, when her attention was caught by aonther sound before her.
Another Lamp Shattered She stopped, listening and holding the lamp ahead of her to throw as long a light ray as possible. And soemthing or somebody was cer-3 talnly stirring on the other side of the opening. Maybe the man
the ground. làM*1Æ
Without warning and for the second time since she came to the House of Long Shadows, the lamp in her hand shattered Into bits. There was a sudden rumbling, and then darkness closed about her.
But not for long. Almost Immediately from behind her another circle of light swept the opening and there was a deafening report. Claire collapsed In a frightened heap. Then, finding she was not hurt, she turned to see Dan Dallas, flashlight In one hand and a still smoking revolver in the other.
•Hurt, Miss Fosdick?”
"No-no. 1 guess not. But what— —??” Claire began.
"Another close call. You aren t due to bo shot, evidently/' His tone sounded relieved. Without waiting for further explanation, he crept back into the hole, his gun ready.
But now there was only silence. Then Susie's frightened voice called from the steps outside.
"Dan! What is it?”
Claire ran to her and grasped the housekeeper's arm as she came down into the cellar. "Hush manded Claire. Still clutching Stale firmly she dragged her forward and held her firmly against the
worn
on
SPICED GRAPE JUICE
«3 sis.
Dignity Is Taboo In our present apartment-dwelling, electric-lighted, stream-lined day, we make merry by donning false-faces, putting candles In hoi-lowed-out pumpkins, and pinning paper effigies of witches and black cats around the room, as conventional details of a merry party where dignity Is taboo. The urchins of the neighborhood are abroad in costume, and, like many another surviving symbol of an ancient day, few there are who remember what It Is all about except that It Is a good thing to keep alive and observe annually.
Whether one soberly remembers and observes the religious signifiât the occasion, or merely
firm enough
Choose Make-up To Dramatize, Not Dominate
on
The Truly Chic Woman Should Wear A Coiffure and Clothes That Do Something for Her
ness,
now.
Grandstand Glamour
IN A HOODED FROCK
New Fall Coats Full of Glamor
The truly chic woman is chic because she chooses makeup, a coiffure and clothes that really do
something for her.
When she enters a room people
“ What a beautiful
2930

silts II - ••
*
All New Models Have Arrest-mg Features; “Figuruh” Fits
>
never say,	_ . „
dress" or "Look at that hair" or
“1 wonder That shade of lipstick
she’s wearing." Instead they say,
"What a stunning woman."
And therein lies the secret of her success. Her coiffure, makeup and clothes dramatize but never dominate her
Always, the smart woman’s reason for wearing rouge and lipstick is to enhance and intensify her natural colouring. Therefore, she
her cheeks where
cance
falls Into the general, Innocent spirit of gayety of the evening. It to equally an occasion for rejoicing, because Hallowe’en Is essentially a happy occasion.
i

Architecturally
NEW YORK the fall coat is very exciting. All the new models have some arresting feature; it may be the silhouette, it may ke the color or it may be the trimming. One thing is coats have not permitted
1
5\
i
THE RICHER. MORE SATISFYING
TEA

certain	.
dresses to steal the show in this of stimulating styles.
Coats V’ith Bustles A woman can be as figurish in coat as she is in her

V
KEEPS
miTSIDE CLOSETS
Clean And Sanitary!

<IS>4
season
her new Molyneux swing dress, for there
lines
puts rouge or	.
natural red spots show after Ae has been exercising violently—not on her ears or the hollow in her throat or far down on cheeks toward the jaw-bone.
Perhaps unconsciously but very definitely she picks clothes that provide a lovely setting for herself. Just as the wrong setting spoil the most precious jewel,
ccssarily mean expensive ones. larly. Just sprinkle half a V.n over Taste, as always, is a wonderful contents of closet—once a werk. substitute for money.	There's no need to remove con-
tents—Gillctt's does it for you.
Gillett's Lye in the household hours of heavy work—
a
V
are coats cut on princess which molil the figure with the undulating curves of a dressmakers model. If the bustle mode lures her, she will find coats with amazing bustles of fur or cloth at the
back
I
S
I
rfnrofT©
com
M
i
\
who like to
There are women feel as cozy in their coats as a sheik does in his burnoose. They, too, can find coats to their liking. Wraps of the town and country type are made to hang in loose bulk from the shoulders. Some have folds that fall with the directness of a plumb line; others are cut on the bias and sprea 1 at the back in fluted fullness.
can
wall
so can
After what seemed an endless
He got

wait, Dan crawled back away again
I
»*»
ure
They Find Pat
"But he was on the floor — he didn’t move. 1 even touched him,” Clairo gasped.
"On the floor?” Dan turned and went hack Into the opening. After listening fçr several minutes he
Tull^kaiHwredWK

1
range
saves
clears clogged drains, scours dirty pots and pans, quickly cuts through grease. Keep a tin handy.
i
a k •
Deceiver*
A horse chestnut is not a chestnut; grapefruit is not related to grapes ; pepper-grass is not a grass; calla lilies are not lilies; and a pineapple is neither a pine nor an apple.
A
SfSsgg
H t
By LOUISE LENNOX
Mix plaid and plain for the smartest sports frock you| ¦ had, featuring a gently flared skirt, fashion’s favorite bishop’s sleeves, and a new fly front. The high-point, of course, is the detachable hood which is taking top honors in campus casuals this fall. It protects your cars from the cold and your curls from the breeze. Be the wonder woman of the foot-
be chic and com-
I
i •
ROYAL ASSURES AN APPETIZING LOAF
•Nmr ditto** iy in hot
ever
>

I
r ,


)
BUILD UP THE CHILDREN
' V
S.NEW
¦
m

Poleman

I
1%
V
. RRQIflNT HEATER
Ui
ball game
fortably warm all at the same time.
m
CHATHAM, Ont.
1 V—Mrs. Charlotte j Lee of 42 Ingraham
St says: “Alter an
illness one of my
. y?
H
I I
«V
Ï#!

Style No. 2930 is designed for sizes 11, 13, 15, 17 and 19. Size 15 requires 2% yards of 39-inch material, 1% yards 85-inch contrasting for dress without hood.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c), (coin preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 W. Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and

tii jreun scales m wnu te m iw
THE COLEMAN LAMP 4L STOVE CO. LTD.
QfpL W0-409, TORONTO, ONT.
i	(8409)

children was very
i

f /

• Lye
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery

#

I *
falleS to
Issue No. 43 — *39
f
Style Number. Pe sure to state
B
site you wish
###PAGE###8###
W-
" -i.

I
to Fitzroy. Her husband prede S ceased her In 18&L
beFides her two
w«„l8, Four.»
,S	Lo,t oU;
1 ISIISe?'
The funeral held on Saturday FOR SA LE—Gentle man# Otter Goat, from her late residence to St. •roo5 condition. Six* 42. Apply to B Mark’s Anglican Church and *' R8, ^ ^ Mvllwan, Wymiu, Que.
BEACH RANCE N0W!|i%E:FS::Æim&oarls
Harold Blair, Craig Johnston, Her* ,0 Wilkred Lauuhrsn, Cbarterls Que. man Belsher, Alfred WtbwfnH
McDonald and William Atkinson. FOR SA LE-One Bell Plano in good Many beautiful Moral offeiings condition, will sell cheap. Apply to Mas. were received by the bereaved A. M< Kniuiit, Almonte, Ont.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	in
tesS Eissœ^Hs
John Bennett, Mrs. T. Bennett, apply to J. C. or W. J. HAYKs.Shawvitle.
I Mr. Alfred Anderson. Mrs, K -=
Bennett. Mr. H Smith, Mrs. A.
Smith, Mis. John Smith, all of Campbell's Bay. Que.; Mr. and
InL(M°; Jn1l,ùLinîlHai *»**•*"	HiLTON-SHARrE
nsaÉii
J. Sharpe, of Caldwell. Que., to ltev. Roy Frederic Hilton, of Bristol Ridge, Due., son of Mr. and Archibald Hilton, of London. Ont. Rev. A. Downing solemnized the marriage and Mrs. A. Downing pladyed the wedding music.
Given in marriage by her father, • the bride was attended by Mrs. Lindsay MarPherson and Mr. Lindsay MacPherson attended the bridegroom as best man.
The hi Ide wore a door length gown of sa phi re blue velvet with a matching hat and accessories and a cor-age bouquet of tea rosea.
Mrs. MacPherson wore a floor-length gown of aqua blue taffeta with a black hat and black accès tories.
Following the ceremony a buffet reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents at Caldwell,
Que, and Inter Rev. and Mrs. Hilton left on a weddin Western Ontario. 1 t re veiled in a frock of beige wool, a top coat of Henna rust and brown accessories. Upon their return they will take up residence at Bristol Ridge,
Out-of town guests at the wedding included Kvangelist and Sirs. •MacPherson, of Wilson, Out.; Miss Kl va Sharpe, Cornwall, Ont.; Miss Loi* Sharpe, of Ottawa.
%r
l/VIzlztzi/iZLztxlzizl/iZiZiz .x y iy 4/iziz viz iztzi/lxiylxlz
Look Here
Don’t Let Winter Catch You
Unprepard
MODS
FURS
FURS
JDôfiBBSl
O
NOTICE
\
Install a New
1 have made arrangements with liable Fur House, of Ottawa, to handle their fur coats.
a most re-
D
The variety of styles and the choiceness of qualities in these furs make up a lot which has a garment to suit every taste. To those interested in buying fur coats I would suggest that you get in touch with me by phone, by mail, or by coming in the store. Fur Prices are rising rapidly and
o
Here is the new “Beau-chef”, an outstanding range, the finest money can buy.

s


a
O
Let Us Pill Your Requirements
X
X
now is the
X
' MARRIED
X
Wilmer H. Hodgins
time to make your buy ! !
x
i Phone, 20-18.
Shawville, Que.
Sincerely,

MBBB!
/\S\/\S\/\/\ f\S\/\/\SS\S</./ Z\s\S\/iS\/ / / Zv
NORRIS HORNER,
____ - Smithy Mr. Tho-.^ Dale, mil of
charges of automobile steeling also unmasked mid unarmed, who will be charged with robbery with , robbed the C.N.R. station, Bristol, violence in connection with the of IS in cask He was also robbed assault on William O'Connor, 00- of $200 of Ilia own money which year-old (\ X R. night station he carried in his hip pocket, operator, at Bristol, Que , on Oct.
2nd.
Three Youths Admit Bristol Robbery
Shawville, Quebec
Mrs
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
rp.	...	Death of Mrs. Wm. Bradley,
! They were taken into custody Former Resident of Thorne following 10% « -ligation of the ! Hi iatol robbery by Detectives K.
Kedey anil Ubald Sauve of the Ottawa police; Detective 0.
Lu-ignan, of Hull, and Quebec I Piovincial Constable R. French, of Campbell's Bay.
According to police, the men admitted the Bristol robbery.
They will he turned over to II B.
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
( From Almonte Gazette)
Mrs William Bradley, well-known and highly esteemed resident of Fitzroy, died at the home of her son, Walter Bradley, Wednesday, Oct. 18th, in her 78th I ! year. Mrs. Bradley, the former | Mi*s Mari a Bennett, was a (laugh
smÈÈSmm
for information on special designs and prices.
Ford Service Shell "Sealed Cas & Oils
Phone, 278
trip to 1 bride
on
>g 1
The
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
J. P. Wilson
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
to
Stark s Corners Y P U. Hold Hallowe'en Party
will facilitate th»*’export of sur plu* seed to the United* Kingdom and its Allies.
For most of its needs, Canada i* in a fortunate position, the m it toe s-iid. There is nil ample supply of almost every essential soi t of garden and held seeds for the Spring of 1040 After that, if war is prolonged, it will be neves sary to provide sufficient seed to produce crop^for consumption and crops forVeed in! 1041.
Stark s Corners United Y. P. V. held their annual Ha Howe n party in the church hall on Friday evening of last week with a large at tendance of local young people and Zion Y. P. V. as special guests.
Most of those present were in fancy or humorous costumes, and in the grand parade prizes r awarded to Shirley Sly, as a bride; Marjorie Wilson, as a ehy dude, and Hubeit Elliott, as an Indian chief,. e
The judges were Geo. Fades, of Shawville, and Misses Doris Robin-p°n and A Tig he, of Ottawa. During \ the evening enjoyable games were played by those pre* sent led by Misses Stella Fill ford and Ivy Wilson.#00 consisting of hot dogs, pumkin pie
and coffee we reserved At the vlnke
On behalf of the visitors a hearty vote of thanks was moved by Miss Eileen Walsh, of the Zion society and Geo. Fades, of Shawville,
\
com-

MMOUKCmg'
} i •
<1

¦
<7
were
THE NEW FORD CARS FOR 1940
MARRIED
Rose—Maxwell
A quiet but pretty wedding was solemnized in St GtOrge's Anglican C hurch, Portage du Fort, on Saturday afternoon, Oct. 2Sth, when Dorothy Melvina, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H Man well, of Portage du Fort, became the bride of Ernest John, son of Mr. and Mrs. H Hose, of Haley's Station. Rev. T. Liggett, of Port.* age du Fort, officiated. The wed ding music was played by Mrs. T. Liggett
The biide was given in marriage _ —	,	.	by her father and was becomingly
On Tuesday evening. Oct 24th. gowned in navy eiepe, with ac the women of Wesley United eessories to match. She was at Church, Chartens, met in the tended by her sister, Miss Viola church to organize a Womens Man well, who wore a navy dress Association. Rev. H. Gill Steers of crepe back satin with accès
convened the meeting by devotion- sories to match. Mr. Clelland
al exercises.	Roxe, brother of the groom, acted
The purpose of a W. A. was ex- as best mail. The groom's gift to plained and the constitution dis tlie bride was a black purse, to the cussed after which the following bridesmaid a locket and to the officers were elected by ballot	bestman a bill fold,
i resident. Mrs. Henry McCord ; i Following the ceremony a wed-vice-president, Mrs. Joe Crawford ; ! ding dinner was served at the secretary, Miss Will a Palmer ; home of the bride's parents to the treasurer, Mr*. J. E Palmer ; par- immediate friends. In the even-sonage representative. Mrs. Mor- ing a reception was held at the rison ; devotional convener, Mrs home of Mr. and Mrs Many (H E turner son :	buying committee, borne, Haley’s Station. The young
a-Mrs. Kobt IlAvehn and Mrs. Sam couple received many beautiful Harris. The meetings will beheld gifts, the third Thursday of each month at two o'clock in the afternoon.
After closing the meeting, refreshments were served and a social hour spent.
Refreshments

f

a
s
fete,

Women's Association Formed at Wesley Church
«
«V*N
WNI



!
I

1
*
tip-
l*
1

V F
-r
>i

Mr. and Mrs. Rose will reside at Haley's Station.

22 important improvements, added to fundamental Ford features, represent the most advanced engineering in the low-price field

Kingdom of Bhutan
The kingdom of Bhutan is a semiindependent native state in the Himalayas between Thibet on the north and British India on the south. The Agricultural Supplies Com- with Sikkam on the west. It is 190 mit tee has set up a weed supply miles long, from east to west, and committee to take c harge of seed 90 miles wide at one point, supplies because substantial quan- area is about 18,000 square miles; tities of Canada * seed require- the population is estimated at 300,-raents are imported from overseas 000. „ The capital, Punakhg, is - a and may be interfered with by the fortress of great natural strength war, it was announced Thursday The inhabitants of Bhutan are Mon-
,1,Jru *	...	.	golians, and adhere to a form of
I he committee n composed of Buddhism. There is a monastery, official* engaged in the direction Tashi-Cho-dzong, in which 300
mmm mmm
maximum production of crops in parts or
The seed committee also will ar- Photographs of the children become ge to conserve seed supplies increasingly precious with passing years, against possible wastage, shortage, They, too, in later years, will appreciate or over ex port, and may organize, the record of their childhood. Th rts required, production campaigns propriate gift. Christmas special in co operation with provincial two extra photos with each dozen authorities. The committee al*>	fI. I,KoN8 Photo Studio
IK
Seed Committee to Control Supplies
XXhAT do the Ford cars for 1940 offer to match their brilliant new beauty? New comfort, convenience, quiet, safety—and the roomiest, richest interiors ever designed for a Ford car.	.
They have a host of interesting new features. There is a finger-tip Gearshift conveniently located on the steering poet. An improved transmission is unusually easy to shift. New Controlled Ventilation. Improved shock absorbers. Improved spring suspension and a new ride-stabilizer.
A combination of new features makes the new cars quieter in operation. They have big, powerful hydraulic brakes. They have new Sealed-Beam Headlamps that are safer, Stronger and stay bright longer. They have the famous 85-hp. Ford Y# engine — which blends 8-cylioder smoothness with economy.
4
and comfort at such a low price. Get acquainted. You*ll enjoy the experience !
22 IMPORTANT FORD IMPROVEMENTS
The
L
fOR COMFOfi r—More room inside. New Controlled V
New-type resilient from
barks. New
"Floating-Edge H
if
fO# SILENCE
. "Easy Shift"
ran
FO* SAFETY
e ftp-
^X'zr/
HUS THE FUNDAMENTAL FORD FEATURES


