###PAGE###1###
i
j
A
r
j
¦J
1
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnltedStatee
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY-, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH 28. 1940
No. 40, 07tu Year
>
Southern College, Lnkefleld, I PERSONA L MENTION | Mrs. Hom y Horner received Florida, recently conferred the	—.	word this week of the death of her
degree of Doctor of Divinity on Mbs Anne Oi mnnd, of Ottawa, brother-in-law, Mr. John Richard Rev. J. Wallace Hamilton. Dr. was a week end guest of Mrs. R, Steadman, which occurred at Hamilton is an annual visitor to H. Elliott.	Winnipeg, Man,, on Friday, March
Shawville and ia a brother of Mrs. ...	,,	,,	..	15th. Mr. Steadman who was in
J. H. Murray, Victuiia Avenue.	»w#-n lb dgms, of Ottawa, j|js 7StJi year, was the husband of
spent the week end at her parental Mllllde Kindiay, formerly of More-
home in town.	¦ head Section, Clarendon, Burial
Miss Jean Kelley, of Montreal, I whs made at Carman. Man., Cerne-visited friends in town for the | tery on Sunday, 17th inst.
Faster holidays.
Miss Edith Elliott is spending this week with relatives and friends in Ottawa
GOWLIXG
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
i
Shawville Hardware
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer
finest and most Attend a established-
reputation. Open all year.
«sp
Estimate of Cost First Year of War Is $500,000,ODD
ihe Çenuine
SntRW/N ¦ Williams Ë	#
emiiustre
Ottawa— War cost to Canada, in the coming fiscal year is estimated lit $500,000,000. • This is nearly three times the expenditure in the first year of the last wai da's military' contribution in the war of 1014 18 was largely men. Now the contribution is one of men plus machines, and the machine heavily increases the cost.
premi-es. The moder n in Ontario school with an
r.
Social Evening
On Friday evening. March 15th,
Can a
one of
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
SATIN - ENAMEL
Mr. William Cochrane left last Ted flodgin*. week for London, Ont., where he Considering the condition of the has leased the St. Regis Hotel. | roads there wan a large attendance
and the evening was pleasantly spent in games and music. Mrs. Alex Hayley, holding ticket No. 112, was the winner in the draw-51r. R. W. Hodgins left Thurs-1 ing for the beautiful comforter, day night to vi-it his son, Mr. In the bean-guessing contest, Mr. Ulric Hudgins at South Porcupine. | Kenneth Pirie, won a set of glass-
wa re
Towards midnight refreshments were served by members of the

•J#
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Here are a few cost comparison* with the last war :
An army division costs about
This is due to At this
The Misses Jennie and Evelyn Wharrey, of Ottawa, were Easter guests of Mrs. Wm. Hors field.
B A.. L. L L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
twice as much mechanized equipment stage of the last war, Canada's naval equipment and personnel consisted of two light cruisers and 1500 men. In the first full fiscal year, the Naval Service spent less than $4,000,000.
The Naval Sei vice now has a personnel of 0,000 officers and men. Its strength is six destroyers and a flotilla leader with five naval sweepers and 20 auxiliary Estimated cost for the fiscal year is f40,000,000.	The
building programme calls for the construction of 90 vessels totalling nearly $50,000,000.
In the first year of the last war, Canada had no Air Force. The Royal Canadian Air Force now comprises 8,000 officers and men. This does not include the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. Estimates of Canada’s share in the plan, up to September 1st, next, are $50,000,(KO. During the full fiscal year ending March 31, 1041. it is estimated, Canada will spend approximately $100,000,000 on the Commonwealth scheme. This sum i< part of the estimated total cost of $500,000,000.


See our
Wall
distinctive
Papers
Mr. Melvin Hodgin», of Coin* wall, visited his parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, for the weekend.
aid
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Mr. Homt-e Hodgin», of Sudbury, Mrg j j Turner Dies
SÆ*'K. *Beïi" h'ÏÏ","-.:' .Hi:1 Fo,,”wm6 Br“' ,,l"“ week.
mine
craft
Graduate of McGill University
Mrs. J. J. Turner, a highly re-Mr. and Mrs. Jack Pembroke, of j-peered resident of this village. Montreal, were the guests of Mr. died at her home, Centre Street, and Mrs. G. U. McDowell, for on Thursday evening, March 21st,
at the age of 70 years.
Dr-. Wallace Hodgins and R H. Although in ill health for about -I bigg, of Montreal, spent the two weeks, Mrs. Turner’s eondi-Easter vacation with their rela- tion was not considered critical tives in town.	and death ensued rather unex-
pectedly and rn a great shock to lier family and many friends in this community.
Mrs. Turner was a life long re aident of Shawville. She was the former Miss Margaret Jennie Caldwell. daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs John Caldwell. Mr. Turner predeceased her in 1922.
About twelve years ago Mrs. Turner suffered a severe injury when «he fell on the street and fractured her hip which incapicit ed her so that -he WAS -eldora Mr. Bruce Elliott left Tuesday away from her home in late vear«. morning for Quebec City, where Prior to thi« accident she had been he expects to commence studies in a regular attendant at the United mining engineering.	Church and was active in its var-
Mre. I). Gumming, of Verdun, i0,T,s organizations.
Que , visited her father, Mr. Thos. , Left t° mourn the lo-s of a very Hades and other relatives here devoted and loving mother are. during the past week.	two daughters, the Misses Alva
Mrs. (Rev ) Percy Powles and ville, and two grandchildren in two children, Isobel and Percival, Detroit.	/
Montreal, ate guests this week at ' The funeral, which was largely the home ot Dr. and Mrs. Powles. attended, was held on Sunday
afternoon, from the late home to
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
OFFK E—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shaw ville. Que.
Easter
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Miss Orma Elliott, Reg. N., of Pembroke, -pent Easter at the home of lier mother, Mrs. R H.
Elliott.
Mr. Donald McRae, of West-mount, spent the Easter vacation with his parent-, Mr. and Mrs. R E. McRae
Mi-s Amelia Smart; of Granby, has been visiting her parents, Mr. and Mr<*. Wellington Smart, for the Easter vacation.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Young Mens Suits
B« A.i L.L.B,
. Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

Canadian Mines Play Important Part in War Effort
Ottawa—The vast resources of Canada’s mines have become a vital factor in the Allied war effort
first Great War, Canada's contribution in materials was largely confined to products of the farm.
Today, Canada has increased her capacity to supply food-tuffs and she can supply essential war materials more abundantly and more cheaply than in 1914.
Within the past twenty years,
Canada has taken her place among world leaders in mining and metal-
Im gy. She is the world e greatest
tion 'almost ' s!" times I Mr* Jim Julm-on and little sons | ceased, lie. life in the Church and ni in pi n ‘ i nearlv À times Hobbie and Jackie, of Montreal, community. In the choral part that of 1918 under .the maximum \ *re	this week at the of the service -Beautiful Lie of
tolir """"Mr- ~d ""
the Allies paid a pegged price of Mrs. Henry Dale left on Thurs- ^cnt Woodley singing, the so.o 20 cents a pound for refined cop- day morning as delegate to the ** r	f
per. The British Government is convention of the Holiness Move-now able to buy copper at slight- ment Y. P. M. B„ at1 Sydenham, ly more than ten cents a pound. | Ont.
EFiEH' îrEfiii ™ I
¦’ r Safi.rto tes A .rGSs&.ffi-Si
Mrs. Robt. Judd
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with ^correspondence
Fashion Graft Clothes Satisfaction
Always
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
At the outbreak of the
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Jampbell’fl Bay
A
i
Young Mens Double Breast
Drape Models
Single Breast and Regular
Models

every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.in.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
i
%
7
D. J. CAMBPELL
/
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
\
Phone 3 I,
New Browns, Greens, Blues
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Snappy Spring Patterns
/
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At CampbelTs Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
xva< made in the family pint in Maple Grove cemetery. The pall-bearer* were, . Messrs J. M. Argue. C H. Mac* ! Lean. G. T Paul. X. D MeCredie, Leslie Dale and Dr. Wallace Hod gin®.
Floral tributes were numerous and beautiful and included the following
Pillow—The Family.
Pillow—Miss Ken l McNair, Dann-ville.
Wreaths—Mr. and Mrs. Earl Turner and family, Detroit.
Baskets—Mr. and Mrs. Christopher Caldwell and Mrs. L. Kelley ; Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Paul : Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Hodgins ; Shawville Kink Co.; Mr. and Mrs. John Argue
MeCredie ; Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Hodgins; Mr. and Mrs. Trueman Lynch ; Friends in Shawville.
Sprays—The Donaldson family, of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs A P. McLennan and family, of Ottawa ; Misses Lyl and Ella Steele, Ottawa Nelson Henry and Mr and Mrs. R. B. Smith, Ottawa ; Miss Iqez McLean and and \V. G. Cowan ; Mr. and Mrs. Norris Horner ; Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Dale ; Mr. and Mts. Alex Kilgour, North Bay. and Mrs. Ernie Hobbs, Massey ; Mr. and Mrs. XV. E N. Hodgins, Ottawa ; Mrs. Margaret Baker ; Shawville United Church.
N

$23.50
-Ü
frl:
if# at
war price
cents per pound. Canada’s present production of zinc is around I Mrs. Ha ugh ton, of Ottawa, was 200,000 t«>ns per year, mostly in in town over the week end to visit refined form. For this, Great her daughter, Miss Phyllis Haugh-Britain i* paying approximately ton, Reg. N., who is a patient in 3 5 cent* per pound of refined the Community Hospital, metal. Production in 1018 was.	M »	, ..	.	,
as:;	%%%
shell hands. Lead is needed for I spective homes in town and du
manufacturing bullets for small tint. _______
and shrapnel, for storage	*
Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DEÎCTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 638 8
1
Young Mens Topcoats
Mr. and Mrs. A. D
DH- WALLACE J.W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
BELAIR 3 257	•
arms battei ie*
Eardley Gentleman of 89 Years Writes Regarding Open Roads
Liberal Party Sweep Back into Power
Smart New Models in Latest Coatings
The Equity has received a letter from Mr. it. McC, Ritchie, of	a
The Liberal Government of Rt. | Bryson, legarding the removal of Hon. W. L Mackenzie King swept snow from main roads, back into power in Tuesday’s gen- Mr. Ritchie, no\y in his89th year, eral elections with a substantial states that the day ot the push maiority over all other groups. snowplow is past, and that the All the Cabinet Ministers of the only satisfactory method of keep late government were returned, ing roads open in Winter would Dr R J Man ion, leader of the be by a blower machine that will Conservative National Govern- lift snow far enough off the high meut party was defeated along way not to cause deep channels, with several verterans in trad! which only drift in and cause tionally Conservative ridings. The hardship for travelling in any election of J. S. Woodswovth, C kind of vehicle. He enclosed sev-C F. leader, is still doubtful.	erval snaps of a bloxver machine
The C B. O. news cast at eight in operation o’clock this morning (Wednesday) Mr. Ritchie favours the idea of gave the following report for the an association, made up of inter
es ted business people in various centres throughout Pontiac «and XVlight Counties, to further the project of open roads The Equity thanks for his letter, and considers it very singular that a net son of his advanced age should be so concerned about such a matter as open high way# in Winter.
Mr. and Mrs
Blues, Greys, Browns, etc.
/
H. K. MEILSON, WI.D.
$16.50
$13.50
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
ONT
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
OTTAWA,
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye 0*tacts
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
W. A. Hodgins, U'd
$
ominiun
Liberals ...........
National Government Independent Liberal .
Liberals..
175
OTTAWA,
38
in Winter. Mr. Ritchie
3
Quebec
Shawville
8
Progressive
New Democracy Unity Reform.. United Party . Undecided.....
8
7

1

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
1
Reg. Optometrist
8
i
X
i.
###PAGE###2###
^ ^	_	, These Articles
^ Q J 0 J] I Are Contraband
OF THE
PRESS
Enemy Aliens Under Guard At Kananaskis Camp in Canadian Rockies
NEWS


Tho Dominion Government has issued a contraband list, specifying articles to be treated ns contraband of war.
Schedule one gives the list of absolute contraband articles which
1
PARADE
%
pptsl
The conviction expressed by ail types et political observers that something “big” would break in Europe before “the Idee of March” ted come, was upheld last week when. In Its 105th day, the Russo-Finnish war ceased, abruptly, dramatically . , . with world-wide repercussions ...
AND THE RESULTS?
Tho immediate consequences were readily discernible: 1. Finland was brought within the Russian trade orbit; Î. Russia became undisputed master of the Gulf of Finland; 3. Scandinavia was drawn eftoeer to Russia and Germany; 8.
Bum**" war materials were released for Germany’s use; 4 .neutralisation of the entire Scandinavian area; possibility of a north European war front In the conflict between Germany and the Allies was% removed; 6. Britain and France left without foothold In north, couldn't stop shipments of iron ore from Sweden to Germany; 6. the opportunity was opened to Germany of establishing air or naval bases In
mssthem Norway; 7. Turkey would	High in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies, west of Calgary, is located Kananaskis, one of the two
te drawn closer to Russia; 1. early	Internment camps in Canada where alien enemies are kept under guard. Some of these aliens are shown, UP-
iworientation of United States’ for-	PER LEFT, clearing underbrush and pruning trees in the forested area around the camp. The prisoners
alxn policy 9. new complications	sre kept occupied cutting wood for their own use. A scene inside one of the prisoners’ huts is shown, UPPER
M the Balkans and the possibility	RIGHT. One prisoner is busy reading and another is making a weather forecasting model. Permitted to oc-
fwmt beina created there,	eupy themselves in a variety of ways, a prisoner is shown making ash trays out of brass and copper, LOWER
-.	1ft further loss of nr es- RIGHT, parading before taking up posts within the double rows of barbed wire surrounding the compound.
27 bTthe League of Nations*	the background are seen some of the buildings in which the administrative forces are housed.
From Washington came the opin-that peace between Germany the Allies waa brought closer *y the collapse of Finnish resist-
are :
1. — All kinds of arms, ammunition, explosives, chemicals, or
suitable for use In chemi
/

TIMES CHANGE
constantly reminded
*x
U!i*
We arc
that times change. In the old days used to make quilts out of of doth. Now they
pllauces
cal warfare, and machines for their manufacture or repair; component parts thereof; articles necessary or convenient for their use; material» Toronto Saturday Night. | or ingredients used iu their manu
facture; articles necessary or col veulent for the production or use ui
¦5EîEEE I m ÜHE
ami machines used lu their manufacture or repair; componeut parts thereof; instrumente, articles or animals necessary or convenient for their use; materials or ingredients used iu their manufacture; articles necessary or convenient for the production or use of such w.u erlals or ingredients.
foods, foodstuffs
3 — All means of communication,
instruments,


women odd scraps make hats.


t

g g
0
W.W
AGED AUTOISTS

# # #
• • •

§ss

1

vüsëwa



-t,? % T.
m
' %

m

cr

old and his companion, seventy-five. It raises the question again as to whether very old people should be given licenses to drive.
—Niagara Falls Review

s
m


\



o
rX <
making them meet
mr *
a
Up to now farmers have struggled to secure enough income to pay the price that others ask. The
a better standard of living could be maintained if we put a like effort into getting oth-
down to what we are

r


m

w f ?
%
W*





same or even



tools, Implements, equipment, maps, pictures, papers, and other articles, machines, or documents necessary or convenient for carrying on hostile operations, art Icles necessary or convenient for their manufacture or use.
4 — Coin, bullion, currency, evidence of debt; also metal, materials, dies, plates, machinery, or other articles necessary or convenient for
their manufacture.
Schedule two listed articles to be treated as conditions! contraband. They are: all kinds of food, food Bluffs, feed, forage, and clothing and articles and materials used In
their production.
^
•X	'

•r prices able to pay with the income wo
have.
<WVmSYÙi*Vi>!L
w.- a. *
Farmer’s Advocate
SPRING IS COMING
Every man has his own method of sighting spring. Tho romantics look for sunshine, singing birds, and babbling brooks. The garden-wait impatiently for frost to leave the ground. Others are cheered by the appearance of marbles on the sidewalk. The astronomers point with glee to the lengthening hours of daylight. Not all these signs have yet become evident, but there is a growing agreement that spring is definitely on the way.
to drop anchor. The Pinkertons (Robert, Kathrene, and email Bobs) discover a world of beauty in remote Pacific inlets and rivers penetrating the coast range, the forests, little-known glaciers, wild life in villages, still untouched by civilisation. This is an unique adventure in «living told with great humor and charm.
“Throe’s A Crowd,” by Kathrene Pinkerton ... Toronto. McClelland & Stewart •
Crew” with the story of an extraordinary young couple who decide to invest in adventure instead of security. They buy a 86-foot motor cruiser on the Pacific Coast and for nearly seven years a small boat is their home, with only brief interludes ashore.
Home is wherever they choose
era
Tie Book Shell

oe.
DIDN’T WANT HELP
.The -question that stood largest |B the minds of people both here sad abroad was; Why did the Finns sboose a costly peace in preference to asking for aid from the Alllee? In a despatch from London by Mew York Times’ correspondent, dames Heston, we find reasonable an wears: 1. the Finns doubted whe-#her the 60,000 available Allied troops would ever get to Finland — Germany would have moved north la meet them with land and air fortes; 2. Finnish military experts doubted that Allied aid could reach there In time, even If mo Interference developed from the Nagl quarter; 3. the Finns hesitated because sf their bonds with Scandinavian eountrles — they feared Norway and Sweden would be overrun and Scandinavia turned Into the main battlefield of Europe; 4. the Finns Seared that If they did not sue for peace they would be kept at war indefinitely so that Russia could not help Germany (according to the
"Ironside plan”).
.	HOME POT BOILS
On the home front, ail was by so means quiet. The country seethed as 672 candidates brought election issues to a bolL And in Ontario , , . ructions! which fortunately were brought to an end by the ”un-leeigning” of Provincial Secretary Harry Nixon, and the peaceable conclusion of the Inquiry into dota*» at the R.C.A.F. training school sear St. Thomas.
People of Canada last week indulged themselves with the thought that life would be simpler soon, with the election over
They visit Indian
THREE’S A CREW
(By Kathrene Pinkerton)
Tt# author of “Wilderness Wife” scores again in “Three’s A
1,200,000 Sq. Mile»
In Arctic Parish
Halifax Chronicle
U. S. Society Leaders Enjoy Ski ing in Laurentians
The Dishopric of the Arctic dcr the Churt-h of England, in Canada, covers an area of more than 1,200,000 f«tuare mile?, though its population 10,000 souls. Joseph Kiwanuka, of tho first two negro bishops in the modern history of th« church, is Bishop of Uganda and his Sco includes 2,500 square miles in the heart and heat of Africa. Another huge .See is that, of the Bishop of Carpentaria, which covers 020,000 square miles of arid North Australia. India has fourteen bishoprics many of them very large; Japan has seven, all
Anglican.
The Bishop of St. Helena needs to be a good sailor, for his far-flung Sec includes :he islands o! Ascension and Tristan da Cumhn —that lonely outpost of the British Empire—set in the wild seas of the South Atlantic.
un-
$3.00.
No Trace Of
• #
m
Halliburton


is a bare
NTABIO
UlDOOhS
0
m
M
m
Richard Halliburton, American adventurer and writer, sailed a year ago this month f .oit Hong Kong for Sail Francisco In a Chin-
:
one
V
II
junk.
BY VIC BAKER
*
t
Ahead of tun were thousands of miles of < lean and the expectation of a great welcome at tho Golden Gate International Exposi-
JDENT1FY GAME FIRST
The hunter who makes the excuse of mistaken identity when he is arraigned in court on a charge of shooting a protected animal or bird, really has no excuse at all, according to an article in the Department of Game and Fisheries monthly bulletin for January and February. The article advises hunters to restrain their trigger fingers until they are sure of the identity of the game.
“In Sudbury recently,” the article says, “two men pleaded guilty of shooting three elk in the Burwash Crown game preserve. In the course of their defence both men maintained that the elk looked like deer.” The article goes on to explain those whose experience in hunting is very short, have no reason for stating that they thought an elk was a
deer. The elk, both male and female, is considerably larger than a deer.
H
tion.
i
S
March 24, 1939, he and his 65-foot craft and his 14 crew members vanished in a heavy storm 1,200 miles northwest of Midway Island.
Passenger vessels looked for him, and the U. S. cruiser Astoria scanned 152,000 square miles of the Pacific. No trace of the junk was ever found.
0#

f

mm:
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Prominent U. S. business men and society leaders are becoming frequent guests at Laurentian ski-ing resorts as the fame of the Laur-tian ski territory spreads far and wide. In the above picture taken at Mont Tremblant Lodge recently are (left to right) Mrs. Wm. Randolph Hearst, Jr., Hon. James H. R. Cromwell, United States Minister to Canada, Wm. Paley, president of the Columbia Broadcasting System, and Mrs. Paley.	—C.P.K. Photo.


•n
z
%


Zz



4*2 X
?/


/%/
%


and only
• war going on In Europe. Simpler, that is, if Hitler didn't choose She last week of March to launch # big offensive on Wont . . .
%
I
%
"V
see

Queen of Dominion Ski Championships Presents Trophy

'A



6
the Western



\
3
*9
m
Refrain From Shooting
“This business of mistaken identity, however, has a much more extensive application than just the inability to distinguish game. It becomes tragic when a hunter disregards one of the most important rules associated with the use of a gun for hunting purposes. Several lives were needlessly sacrificed during the last year because hunt-era failed to determine precisely, before shooting, just what they were firing at. At no time is there any similarity in appearance between a man and a groundhog.
“The moral of all this is that hunters who are unable to identify their game should refrain from shooting.”
Indians Discard
Swastika Emblem
m



l•
MO
W:
0
es
Four Arizona Indian tribes, re-eentful at Nazi acts of oppression lave foresworn use of the swastika. The Indians placed a blanket, a basket, and some hand-dec-ted clothing, all bearing swastikas, in a pile, sprinkled them with colored sand and set them afire last week-end.
A hand-letter proclamation “Because the ornament
w

#
*


SUPC
«
*-v
*i*rl
to, ¦	1
c*nfJi




a


WM

m

///^
lead:	¦¦ I I 1
which has been a symbol of friendship among our forefathers for many centuries has been desecrated recently by another nation of peoples:
“Therefore, it is resolved that henceforth from this date and forever more, our tribes renounce the of the emblem commonly teown as swastika.”
#8
x




t
While Fred Hall, Toronto President of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association looks on, “Queen Cay” of the Dominion Ski Championships (Miss Catherine Betts of Spokane) presents Art Coles^f Vancouver With the Senior Men’s Slalom Trophy. Coles won the Sralom and the combined Downhill - Slalom title at Banff.	—C.P.R. Photo.
» •
//-//

(Copt |kt, IBM, », irtd Mr
“We'll take your old car and you pay the rest just like alimony ! ! !”
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS- A Wise Guy
Make Bed-Table
For An Invalid


!

«8J?*
G WAN f
Y'CAH'T KID . ME / YOU'RE HOREN
THREE TEAM V OLC /

that's how you
temia/ ;
I
«TOte
THE

¥

Have you got one of those fuld-hsg ironing tables? If so, set it at the side of the bed so that table part stretches over the lavalid. If not get a wooden box
feet long and a foot v out both the
x J
,
e #
YCARi OLD/
r. —\
Z z
.9. XT
z
Y,
1

;
7 V
<
‘ (JZ,
m
ï

>r
?
Vz
y
LOfe

•tent
I

er so deep. Know* long sides, leaving the short, w-en,| the bottom intact. Sandpaper * and paint it with enamel and
there’s your table! You may ha\e to strengthen the ends by screw-“elbow” Joint (obtainable hardware store for very , the ends and the bot-iaside box of course.
-'des
V
«UrV^
T T
y
m
Vz
V
Z
f


ing an at any little) to

N u.;j>!_Mrifc»tatraiv.
z r.Trse
____*
N
*zxm
###PAGE###3###
I bake in a very slow oven until ham is tender. About 30 minutes should be allowed for each pound. When ham is tender, drain off liquid and carefully remove the skin. Mix crumbs and brown sug-in proportion, three parts to one of crumbs, and 3
T
s
T
IV
A
A

MEAN JO TEU ME IF ? EAT THIS CRISP BREAKFAST CEREAL, / CAN DO WITH OUT
MY REMEDIES


L
B
euj*L
g
K
L
ar
fxS
V
sugar
teaspoon of mustard. Rub on the fat surface on the ham with this mixture as a heavy coat. Score in diamonds and centre the diamonds with whole cloves. Sprinkle with paprika and place in the oven uncovered to brown. Transfer carefully to heated platter surrounded by the pears and eggs on nests.
s
umJÎL
E
t
#1

m
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
m
Once again the world is preparing for that beautiful Spring Pageant of Easter. What a wonderful privilege to be able to quietly meditate upon that beautiful message ol‘ Peace and Hope, which all Christendom commemorates at Eastertide. Then of course, there will be the usual Easter parades and the observance of all Easter traditions. To the homemaker, is presented a panoramic parade of baked ham, the decorations of the egg and the rabbit sprinkled with lovely spring flowers, and everyone striving everywhere to get the first glimpse of freshness and beauty, which heralds the arrival^ of spring.
For your Easter dinner 1 thought probably you would like this arrangement of menu.
Easter Dinner
Chilled Grape Juice Roast Ham
(platter garnishings—half pears filled with red currant jelly).
Potato Nests with green peas. Ginger Ale Salad Cheese Wafers Orange Pie Coffee
Lavender and yellow mints.
Platter Garnishings—
* Fill canned pears with red currant jelly and, if you wish, you can have the pears appear really rabbit-like by making tiny ears from some marshmallows, and pink eyes made with gumdrops. I know you will find the correct shade if you will just watch for them. These pear decorations can be placed on platter alternately with devilled eggs. The whole placed on lettuce nests presents a real Easter appearance.
Baked Ham
* Choose ham in size according to the size of family. Wipe ham with damp cloth and place in roasting pan with heavy side up. Pour about one inch of water in pan. Cover pan very closely and
Before I discovered All-Bran I was always suffering from either constipation or harsh cathartics, and I don’t know which was worse. Now I know a better way is to prevent it. For common constipation, due to lack of bulk in the diet, eat Kellogg’s All-Bran regularly and drink plenty of water. All-Bran supplies the needed bulk and also intestinal tonic vitamin Bi. It’s great to be ‘regular’ again.” All-Bran is made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada. Sold by all grocers.
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE

m
Ginger Ale Salad
l’a tablespoons gelatine y2 cup cold water 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 pint ginger ale % cup dived peaches % cup maraschino cherries cup diced pineapple Lettuce
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
I

h
>
z
y
Exploding Public Enigma Number
One
SÉC*
y
Salad Dressing
Mint leaves.
Soften gelatine in cold water then set container in warm water until the gelatine is melted. Add lemon juice and ginger ale, mixing well. Have individual molds ready rinsed in cold water (1 hope you have some rabbit molds). Place three mint leaves (water cress makes a good substitute) in bottom of molds. Place about one tablespoon of gelatine mixture in mold, enough to cover leaves. Set in the refrigerator or where very cold, to mold. When the rest of gelatine mixture is cool (not set), stir in the prepared fruit. When molds have been set, fill with the rest of mixture. When ready to serve unmold on shredded lettuce and serve with salad dressing, which has been thinned with whipped cream. (Pineapple must be cooked pineapple or it will not jell.)
ALL-BRAN

tjuiAi.Jiunm.»»"".
C
'



by MYRTLE WEAVER
OUNCE OF PREVENTION
EVERY DAY
(The author of this article is the wife of a typical Canadian business man. with a business background herself, and with children approaching voting age. The thoughts which Mrs. Weaver expresses out of her fresh concern for Canada not only bespeak the average Canadian mind at this time, but possess a shrewd insight into the critical situation that faces the Dominion.)
GET YOUR
Dr. Rogers followed her out of the room.
“Well," Constance said with a flippancy she felt to be her best safe guard against making another exhibition of herself, “Why don't you say, ‘I told you so'?"
“With you all set to jump down my throat the minute I open my mouth?" he said, with a sardonic grin. “Thanks. I’m not courting any self-destruction."
He stood looking down at her for a moment, • one eyebrow faintly cocked, his hands in his pockets, Whistling an inaudible tune. He seemed about to speak; then he turned, picked up his bag, and went abruptly out into the night.
TH1? GIRL STUDIES HER $
Constance was sitting up in bed with a breakfast tray across her knees next morning when her hostess came in.
“Please don’t move. Miss Maid-well," Hildegarde Thorvald begged. “You look so lovely. You're one of the few women I know who seem made to have breakfast in bed in fluffy negligees."
She was in her riding clothes — brown breeAe-g and boots, and a tawny shirt of soft silk that toned sweetly with the amber of her eyes and hair and the gold of her skin.
“It’s no use trying to apologize for yesterday," she began in her warm, leisurely way. * Or is It? Perhaps you don’t know Mark Rogers as well as we do."
Was there a faint question in her long amber eyes?
“I’m beginning to understand, at least," Constance am Hod, “that when he says ‘Go to bed’, you are supposed to do it and like it."
Hilda Thorvald laughed. Then suddenly she was serious.
“What I really came for," she said, her voice dropping to a husky note, “was to thank you — no. To try to thank you —"
“Please — no!" Constance cut in quickly.
Rut the other girl went on. “I — George is pretty important to father and me. Miss Maid well. And Mark told us you — well, worked a miracle last night."
I wonder how much more he told you ? Constance thought.
“it was such an amazing piece of luck — Mark’s finding you." Hilde-garde’s long brown firfgcrs were playing idly vith a paper knife she had picked up. Rut Constance had a feeling that the other girl was studying her curiously under her lowered lids — trying to make up her mind about something.
(To Be Continuedi
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
Milk
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE Copyright, l*)6, NEA Seme#, liK.
Have you ever heard anyone say: “I don’t know HOW to vote." “What CAN one believe?" candidate IS elected, what can he
peated. “Yes, do go to bed, darling. You’ll feel differently to-morrow.”
SHE STEELS HERSELF
Derek, Constance remembered, had an uncanny Intuition for knowing when it was wise not to press a matter — a feminine gift for appearing to accept defeat gracefully, only to reorganize his forces for ultimate victory. She had often succumbed to It before, and had even found it endearing. Now she hardened herself.
“I’m going back to the house now,” she said. “And it is rather late. Don't you think it would be — wiser — If I went in alone?”
“Nonsense. Of course I’m going with you. There won’t be anyone—” he caught, himself up, glanced at her swiftly, and finished, “there wouldn’t be any danger, of course. This country la perfectly safe; we never even lock our doors. Rut I’d rather — really.”
He was going to say, “There will not be any one about," Constance thought drearily.
Rut if he were, he was mistaken.
On the rose-hung gallery just outside the door of the main sala, they almost ran into Dr. Rogers.
Derek said shortly, “Evening Dr.
. . . Sweet dreams. Miss Maidwell,” and went quickly through the house towards his own suite.
“YOU TOOK MY ADVICE”
“Well, I see you took my advice,” Mark Rogers said with an ironic lift of one eyebrow. “Rut it’s rather fortunate as it turns out. Would you mind running into Mr. Thorvald’« room again for a few minutes. He’s not sleeping well. Has an idea you were just another hallucination."
Ho spoke lightly, but his eyes were worried.
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—heroine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEOARDE THOR V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met hie most difficult case
If a
do?
Orange Pie
Multiply my futility of outlook by that of one hundred thousand, or several hundred thousand others, and what have you? An Intelligent electorate?
Have you ever carelessly crltl-ure that promised simply personal advantage? — community advantage? — I have.
Multiply my desire for something which will further my interests, and what have you? A national benefit?
Have you ever varelessly criticized a candidate of the “other” party? Have you ever been influenced by public denunciation, or whispering suggestion, vitriolic abuse, innuendo or ridicule? 1 have.
Have you ever taken the trouble to sift Idle rumours? Have you ever used a pencil to make figures take their rightful places? Have you ever kicked the snowball of suspicion apart before it assumed mountainous proportions? 1 have NOT. Is the result an atmosphere of national goodwill — free from prejudice?
Recognizing these things, what contribution am 1 able to make to effect a change iu present conditions? What am l willing to do?
First, keep an open mind.
Refrain from destructive crltl-
1 cup sugar
4% tablespoons Benson’s cornstarch
1 cup orange juice 1 tablespoon lemon juice % cup boiling water 3 eggs
*4 Teaspoon salt 1 cup of diced orange sections Baked Pie shell.
Place orange and lemon juice and boiling water in double boiler. Mix the corn starch with cold water very thoroughly until smooth and add to the mixture in double boiler. Mix well and stir until thickened. Boil for ten minutes. Beat egg yolks well; pour thickened mixture over the eggs beating well. Return to double boiler and cook for five minutes. Add the orange segments, which have had all white removed and cut very finely. Pour into baked shell. Beat egg whites very stiffly, adding 1 tablespoon of fruit sugar and 1 tablespoon of corn starch. Add to top of pie and brown lightly in a medium oven. Then chill.
*
Last week: Derek begins to apologize for postponing the weding. He uses the Thorvald# for an alibi and Connie Interrupts, “but In the meantime.”
CHAPTER XVIII “Well, In the meantime,” Derek floundered on, “why can't we just slip out sometimes this way without any one’s — I mean, do you really think, darling, that as things are now, we ought to make our own happiness too conspicuous? . . . . Damn it all, I know this sounds
COVER-ALL
To Brighten Home Tasks
3120
SHALL J* A	ft
V3 ml
“I see,” Constance said.
She got up slowly and drew her wrap about her, shivering a little, although the evening was warm.
"I'm tired, Derek,” she said very gently. “Do you mind If I go in the house now?"
Ho sprang up. all charming con-
MEDIUM
LARGE
-
v
cern
“Darling. I’m sorry. What an in considerate brute I’ve been course you're tired. We’ll talk this over again — unless I can be useful to the family, I really should be in the studio. After all” — he laughed deprecat ingly — “that’s what I’m here for . . . Tomorrow night, then, here — about the same time, shall we?”
Constance said with a little piteous smile, “I think I’m going to be terribly tired tomorrow evening, too. Derek."
After a taut silenco Dorek said between his t^eth that I understand you this evening
Of
READERS. WRITE IN!
Chambers welcomes
Of course, daytimes
Miss
personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even
cism.
Appreciate the sacrifice of men who give their lives to public service.

Take time to think constructively aqd express to each candidate the policy that I should like to see adopted for Canada’s needs, an example of which is our need for release from sectional Interests and fear of material change. Freedom from these should result in cumulative effectiveness of all forms of thought and service.
The late Lord Twoedsmulr expressed this thougnt pointedly In his statement to the Canadian Institute of International Affairs in Montreal, October 12th, 11)37, when ho said (in part), “If the Commonwealth, in a crisis, is to speak with one voice, it will only be because the component parts nave thought out for themselves their own special problems, and made their contribution to tne discussion so that a true common factor of policy can be reached.”
1 am prepared to do this. Are you?
Apathy can only be routed by a determination to know facts, tace facts, use facts: by assuming the responsibility of citizenship.
Multiply one responsible citizen by one hundred thousand, or several hundred thousand, and what have you?
An electorate grounded by futil-
read y to listen to your “pet
Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
P

national
Of
Constance tried to say
cleared her throat, and
course
stood silent, biting her lips and try
i;
I'm not sure

lug desperately not to cry “Do you know.” matter-of-fact voice wondered why it is that, of all th3 people in the world, the ones who have plenty of time to sleep are the one’s who never want to go to bed. You’d b»* amazed to know the variety of exci ses a doctor runs into for not going to bed at a retv sonahle hour. There are the people who have to sit up for their favorite radio programmes; the one’s who sit up to finish books; the one’s who sit up to
Ï
Minister Urges More Laughter
ho said in a
Constance.
Then he came, and stood over her. Even by moonlight she saw how the pupils of his eyes widened with emotion, very black in their clear
I’ve often
/
«
Better To Be Cheerful Than Glum, Declares London, Ont. Cleric "
Irises
he
“You are so lovely, Connie said, his hands finding her shoul-Your face in the moonlight
(
dc-rs —PMPMPJPM is so soft and young and shining. — like — I shall paint you this way some time — In white, with — ” “I’m terribly sorry, Derek.’ Constance went on steadily. “But 1 do want to be quite clear about this. . , . I’m afraid 1 shall bo tired all tho other nights, too. You reminded that we are guests hete. That’a not entirely true. This is a job with It may not lust long, but while tt does, my time Is bought and paid for ; and I feel t hat the work may be rather exacting.” She smiled a little twisted smile. “Perhaps,”
there's something to
n
"In these days we ought to laugh more than we do. It is better to laugh than to cry and it is better to be cheerful than glum.”
So declared Rev MacNiven, minister of Metropolitan United Church, London, Ont., at a rally in Windsor, Ont., sponsored by the Essex Presbytery Lay Association of the United Church of Canada. Dr. MacNiven was explaining his reason for opening his address with a number of "howlers,” which certainly ’^clicked” with the audience.
é
Easter Oddities
er — look at
Dr. W. E
:>
Good Friday -was known to the Danes as Long Friday, because sermons of great length were preached on that day.
Run Eating is not a recent custom. The first people to eat buns were the Egyptians, and the word "bun” is derived from "bous,” a horned cake which was an effigy of their sacred heifer. The bun represented the moon and the gross its four quarters, and was worshipped by the Greeks, Romans and Egyptians.
Throwing at Cock» was a popular pastime at Easter Monday fairs about 100 years ago. Men and boys stood some distance awav and hurled heavy sticks at cocks, in the same way as they shy at coconuts to-day. This barbarous sport was a salve to their consciences, because the cock crowed thrice during the denial of Our Lord by Peter
Mobbed for Smiling: In many American towns all businesses, transport and pleasure used to cease on Good Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., as a reminder of the Crucifixion, and people have been mobbed for smiling and lynched because they ignored this unwritten law’.
and. of course, the
the moon one's who just don't like to go to bed at all aoen times when I'd have sold my soul for a a chance to sleep an honest eight hours — and all the radios ami best sellera and moons in the world wouldn’t have kept me
IV
\
Dammit all, 1 have
me
By LOUISE LENNOX
A cover-all is just what you need when ycu go into the kitchen to get a meal or a snack. This wrap-around style is easy to make and easy to put on at a moment’s notice. Bright binding adds a festive note to a solid color, and muslin is practical and smart for this type of garment. The tie-belt holds it firmly in place.
Style No. 3120 is designed for sizes small, medium and large. Medium size requires 4% yards of 39 inch material, with 2% yards of binding.
E-700, flower applique, must be ordered separately.
Send Fifteen cents (15c*), (coin is preferred) for Pattern. Write
plainlj? your name, address and style number to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Be sure to state Size you. wish.
The New Spring Fashion Book is a "must” for a smart wardrobe. The full color illustrations of over a hundred styles will help you select your clothes for all occasions. Send for your copy today. The price is 15 cents.
me
awake
A DOCTOR’S BEST WORK He glanced at her bent head, ami went on plaintively, “A doctor can not do hie best work when he falls into bed at midnight, dog-tired, only to bo routed out at two-thirty for the rest of the night. It’s nothing short of criminal practice to turn up at the bedside of a patient all groggy for want of sleep. I have nightmares sometimes In which I find I’ve written hundreds of wrong prescriptions, and that my patients have all tiled horrible deaths aa a
she finished bo said for this business of going to bed early, after all. 1 should ho surprised if 1 tried it."
Derek’s hands dropped from her
bit his voice was still
Ity?
Splash cold water over your throat and chin for that thicken-ening line.
No! A Vital Nation — A True Democracy.
shoulders
tender
he n
You nro devilish Grid
BSWÆ66

consequence.
There was something so matter-of-fact and sturdy about him as ho stood there, just quietly talking, that Constance found herself steadied and helped to self-control.
She took a final wipe at her eyes, amt found that she could say almost naturally
run grand iutei fereuce. Doctor. I’m ready now.”
So Constance sat again by George Thovvald's bedside, soothing and cajoling him until he drowsed off comfortably.
t
CHANGE TO
I





Thanks. You

you
)

ISSUE NO. 12—*40
If your skin is dry and chapped g it in warm milk.
I- HtO.lABE
try wa
B

###PAGE###4###
fl
Short Gourse in
AGRICULTURE
0
?
?
0
?
that animals may develope disease very shortly after testing proved negative, and infect milk of the whole herd until the next testing in1
tion to make compulsory, in all organized territory, protection by pasteurisation of all milk sold to the public.
Sanitation is vital to a healthy community and it can be kept at a high level only by very constant and careful supervision by especially trained persons. Simplification of municipal health administration in rural areas,
which has been accepted now by forty-
five rural counties in the Province, can be accomplished by the county health unit. Through these units, a number of municipalities, each too small to be able to secure this service alone, have found it advantageous to combine forces and contribute to the upkeep of one department of health and sanitary supervision. Is rural sanitation any less important in this district Î
THE EQUITY
Give Your Chicks A Flying Start
For this reason, one Canada has passed legist*-
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 28. 1940
0
Under the auspices of C P A S. Division 1
Exhibition Hall, Shawvllle, Que.
Monday to Friday
April 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, 1940
Canadian %ed Cross, Montreal
0
Ann Comes from Gaspe
She was always a bright little girl ; but life wasn’t so bright for her because she did not look, and she could not talk, like ordinary girls and boys, had been born with hare lip that made her homely, and split palate which did not let her speak distinctly.
One day a nurse, making her regular inspection of Gaspe as nurses do both in peace and wartime, came upon unhappy Ann. Now, this nurse knew that the little one could be made to talk properly and the disfigurement of her face could be remedied if Ann could only be sent to a good hospital, and then to a place where she would be trained to pronounce words. Rut how could that be Î For Ann's family was very poor ; and there were others besides her to be cared for out of the family budget.
In stepped the Junior Red Cross.
That is what the Junior Red Cross is for. And, with pennies and nickels and dimes collected by Red Cross boys and girls of the Province of Quebec, Ann bronght to Montreal, put into the Mackay Institute for speech training Smart, and then sent to the Children’s Memori- Weaver al Hospital for the doctors to operate. Boston, Morris Fleury,
It was about two and a half years ago Fraser, Daune Hod gins. Fay Horner, when Ann was brought to Montreal. Stella McGregor, K thleeu Riley^Joan Today she is nine years old. Only a Stark, Sherwood Storey. Over 70 per few days ago, a friend walked into the cent—Donald Hodgins, Harold Kirk-ward of the Children’s Memorial Hospi- ham, Frank Turned, tal, where Ann is one of the greater	Grade 2
favorites, and said :	“Why how pretty Over 90 per cent—Dora Angus, Nora
you are, Ann. Haven’t you looked at Bailey, Wesley Boston, Beulah Cotie, yourself in the mirror ? Ann hadn’t. So Claire Harris, Faye Hodgins, Robert a mirror was brought, Ann peered into Horner, Charlie McDowell, Joan Mac-it, gasped. For what she saw was a Wane, Lola Murray, Joan Nurse, pretty, smiling little Canadian Girl who, Edgar Schwartz, Roberta Taber. Over thanks to Red Cross and the doctors, 80 per cent—Lois Barber, Joseph Bel-now like the rest of us—no longer 8her, Wayne Telford, Ray Young. Over set apart as abnormal.. Ann thinks it’s 70 per cent—Annamay Fleury, Marlene “so fine”. How fine it is, she does not Howard. Over GO per cent—Fay Young, realize. For doctors at the Children’s	Grade 3
Memorial Hospital say this was one of Over 90 per cent— Beverley Bailey, tho worst cases of cleft palate they had Margaret Smith. Over 80 per cent — ever/encountered.	•	James Canty, Beverley Corrigan, Ster-
Today, Ann is at the Mackay Insti- ling Hobbs, Marilyn Hodgins, Clayton tute carrying on with speech training. Lafram boise, Dalton McKay, Phyllis In May back she will go to the Hospital Smart, Robert Spence for the operation which we hope will cent. Irene Allen, Ada Homer 1, Ralph mean as great an improvement her Lathem HpHH speech as has been accomplished in her Campbell, Earl Young 1 appearance. Then back to Gaspe she cent—Nelson Angus 3. will go ; one more little Quebec gw 1 cent—Sammy Howard 5 given a chance in life.	Grade 4
When you know the inside history of Over 90 per cent—Lem re Howard, Ann, you cannot weigh her improve- Raymond Rowat. Over 80 per cent — ment in dollars and cents. Junior Red Isabel I Barber, Ann Campbell, Melvin Cross has, however, spent around Harris, Marie Hobbs. Over 70 per cent $ 1,000 on Ann already. But Junior |—Harold D. Howard 2, Erma Kelly, Red Cross knows Ann is more than William Laughren 1, R bert McCieH *, worth it—just like the other 1,800 boys Elizabeth McGregor, Kenneth Murray, and girls in Quebec who were looked Betty Nurse, Ralph R quegnat 1, Ethel after in 1939 by the juniors of Red Young. Over 60 per cent—D reen Cross.	Hodgins 1. Harold E. Howard 1, Dora
Bruce Sinclair
cent—Liura Howard 4, Sadie Tippins 3
Grade 5
Over 80 per cent—Desmond Hodgins,
William Thomson, Over 70 i*er cent— Times Chari*; Jean
troubles for the
With the hatching of Chicks comes new	...
A flock of Chicks besides being in a hygienic place
Poultry raiser
require a lot of attention as far as feeding is concerned and great must be taken in selecting the Chick Starter to be fed to t e
The future production depends to a great extent on
For she
care
>
young ones
the development made during the period of growth
Monday, April 1st
Chicks at birth are very frail and their needs are pronounced and complicated. They also grow rapidly and as their digestive systems are extremely delicate, they must receive a perfectly balanced ration specially adapted to their various needs.
1	15 p.m—Opening at* the Course
" —General Agriculture, N. A Drum mom!
•• —Fat m Management Problems the Young Farmer
should consider by C. B. Dalton - —Should we produce more veal by E. Boudreau .. —Meeting to Reorganize Call Feeding Club
1 30
1 15
'J
Since Chicks grow rapidly they must eat sufficient quantities of feed to keep up the steady growth during the growing period and it becomes evident that the Mash must be fresh, wholesome, palatable and combined in such a way as to provide a perfect balance of Proteins, Minerals and Vitamins.
3 15
U5
High School Report For Second Quarter
Tuesday, April 2nd
Better Farming Competition and re
10 90 a m.—Meeting re
Shur-Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 per cent, are
also a
Junior Agriculture
Seed Judging by R. A. Deriuk
Weed Identification Coin-Red Clover, Alfalfa, Oats, and
Grade 1
perfectly bal la need, they assist in fast feathering assure normal and uniform development and rapid growth.
1.15 p.m.—Instruction in 1 30 “ —Seed Judging and
Over 90 per cent—Vaughan Harris, Carson Hodgins, Eleanor Howard, Mar-shallen Howard, Mary McDowell, Muriel Riley, Marion Schwartz, Joan Janice Thomson, Catherine Over 80 per cent—Willie
Winnifred
petitions Wheat and weed for identification
— Why Sow Good Seed ? by R A. Derick
-Some Important Factors to Consider in Successful Live Stock Breeding by hi. Boudreau
-In the Theatre—Public Speaking Contest Round Table Discussion — Subject, “Should our Annual Exhibition be held in June or September ?" Six local young men taking part. Musical entertainment, etc.
>
The different ingiedients which make up these feeding tures are highly digestible are specially combined for feeding The Proteins are high in quality and are suited to the
The minerals in Shur-
mix
y
was
3 00 " 3 45 "
I
chicks
frail digestive system of young Chicks Gain Chick Starter are easily assimilable and build strong well-
The mineral balance m Shur Gain Chick
8 00
formed skeletons.
Starter is in accordance with the most recent scientific discoveries Manganese which is incorporated in sufficient quantitiee constitutes one of the most impôt tant minerals to prevent slipped ten dons and joint deformation.
<


Vitamins are equally indispensable to the normal growth of Shur-Gain Chick Starters are full fortified in Vita-
Wednesday, April 3rd
<v
—Dairy Cattle Judging Demonstration, by Dr. U. D
«
the Chick mins A—B—D—E and G
1 15 “
è
Mackenzie.
—Dairy Cattle Judging Competition —Pasture Improvement by C B. Dalton —Feeding for Economical Milk Production by Dr C D Mackenzie.
y
Shur-Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 percent, are
economical aud efficient facilitate normal and rapid grow th and lower mortality.
Play safe with your Chicks this Spring. Start them on Slmr
Gain and get best results.
1 30 “ 8 15 “ 4 00 “
was
They give the Chicks special vigour,

%
\
0
Thursday, April 4th
i
— Sheep Judging Demonstration by R K Bennett
1 15 “
1	30 “
2	15 “ 2 “
! THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REÇU |
\
-Sheep Judging Competition.
—Swine Judging Demonstration.
--Swine Competition
3	“ —Lecture on Swine Production by R K Bennett.
Over 70 per
Over GO per cent—Clifton
Over 50 per Over 40 per

I
C
Friday, April 5th
e

Hodgins Garage
1 30 p.m. —Lecture—Power and Tillage Equipment fw the
Voting Man Starting Farming Illustrated by Slide.- by Prof. L. G. Heimpel. -Laboratory Period- Gasoline Engine.-.
-Lecture— Farm Electrification by L. G. Heimpel
b
B
b
b
\

b
b
2	15
3	15
4	15 “ — Dwupsion.
— Public Address by Dr. J. E Lattimer, Macdonald College.
Debate-Re vived that a regular Truck and Bn- Sy-tem <hmild be Substituted in Pontiac by the Canadian Pacific Railway for the
existing branch railway line ('up-. Trophies and Prizes.
65
s
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
8 00

Is Rural Sanitation Important ?
B
B
v

The best and most wholesome conditions of living are generally believed to be encountered by people living either in small towns, villages or on farms. To some extent this impression is true, for fresh air and sunshine are readily available, fresh foods can be produced on the farm, and milk and clear water should be easy to acquire WfÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ because of poor standards of sanitation, many of these advantages of health may be nullified or transformed completely
By poor sanitation the
A warding of Conclti-ioti of
R
Beverley Harris,
Claire Rennick.
Marjory Smart,
McKay, Roberta Dale, Fay McDowell, Grace Swartz. Mazie McTiern an. Over GO per cent—Clarence Kilgour, Harland Ajmitage, Rosetta Riley, Millar Shore, Junior Young. Roy Judd. Eckard Way. Over 50 per cent— Norris Young. Unranked—Emerson Riley.
Gratl-r G
Over 80 per cent—Ron a Howard, Shirley Judd. ( )ver 70 per cent—Allan Young, Hubert a Way, Lyndon Walsh. I va Swartz, Roderick McDowell, XX eldon Hobbs. Shirley Hodgins, Milton Hodgins, Mona Armstrong cent— Beverley Allen, Gien Barber, Susan Barber, Clarence Hodgins and Clarence Shore, Over 50 per cent — Edgar Connelly, Clayton Corrigan and Clarence Cuthbertson.
Grade 7
Over 90 per cent—Alicia Hoare. Over
T- an Hodgins, Ruth
R
R
R
(
U -i
B
B
B
Subjects for Five minute Speeches
B
A Choice Lot to Choose From
R
Change your old model and get a better one |
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with E.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe |
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.D. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels g
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today

R
§
§
Contestants. H years and under
t the Royal Train
R
However
1	-My Impressions i
2	-My Favoiitv Faun Animal
3	— Vegetable Gardening.
R
R
Chores
4—	The
5-	My Hobby.
(I—The Farm Poultry Flock
into a menace germs of disease are readily spread from one person to another.
What, then, are good standards of sanitation, and why are they important in rural areas ! A safe sewage disposal system, a safe water supply and effective food control constitute good sanitary measures in the individual farm home or in the large city.
Safe disposition of garbage, human and animal excretions sc that there is
into the source of water
B
D
B
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
1	—Tiie Royal Vi-it <d 1030.
2	-Rural Recreation.
3—Song Birds
4 —Farm Bookkeeping
5--Keeping our Main Roads Open-in the Win Let 0—The Rural Problem..
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
1 —How I Can Help Win the War.
2—Adult Education.
3	—Exploiting oui Agi ici il titrai Possibilities.
1 -Whit I Expect from the Farm.
5—Efficiency on the Farm.
0—Bacon Hog Production.
Over 60 per
§

§
I
8
B
N

B
no seepage supply, and so that they are protected from flies is extremely important. Individual water systems and privies can b? made safe if they are properly con structed and kept in repair under tin-supervision of the local health authority. The Department of Pensions and National Health in Ottawa distributes fne pamphlets on rural sanitation. Why not write for a set and apply the information to your home and your community ?
A well is the most usual type of water supply on farms. Despite the sparkling clearness of the water, however, the contents of many wells is unfit for human consumption. Germ contamination by seepage from privies, manure dumps or filth falling in the casing, may lead to infection with typhoid or undulant
MHHPHpil
it indicates poor sanitary conditions and unsafe water supply.
Flies about .the farm are a constant menace to health. If the privy, house, food storage room and dairy are not effectively screened against flies, germs of many serious diseases may be carried from tilth to food. To be safe, therefore, food must be protected from these pests.
A safe milk supply can only be obtained from healthy cows by scrupulously clean and healthy dairymen. A few disease germs getting in to one pail ot milk will multiply a millionfold in a very short time and will continue to multiply and contaminate the whole quantity with which this pailful is mixed. Epidemics of almost every contagious disease have been traced back, from time to time, to infected miiK from one farm. These germs may come from the dairyman, but others are found in diseased cows. Tests for tuberculosis and undulant fever germs in cattle havj been devised.
nstancee have come to fight to yrove
g
HO per cent Hodgins, Betty Ptquegnat, Shirley Sly, Lionel Storey. Over 70 per cent — Isabel Corrigan, Joan Corrigan, Shirley Corrigan l,t Grant Gibson 1. Muriel Harris, Dorothy Hobbs. Iva H-»bbs. Lois Hodgins, Margaret Humer, Buddy Rowat 1. Dorothy Smith, Joan Smith, Eleanor Tnrricff, Jean Young. Over 6 » per cent—Helen Dale 2, Edith Elliott 1, Hpwitt MeCredie 1, Ronald McCredie 1, Eldon McDowell, Cecil McTiernan. Over 50 per cent— Merle Barber 2, Ormie Elliott 3. I'n ranked — Bel va Hodgins

R
a
a

g
PRIZES
V
1st-SilVev Trophy, donated by the Agronomist, to the student with the highest aggregate score in the course. (For Annual Competition.)
2nd-Silver Cup. donated by Shaw ville Creamery, to the student with the highest aggregate score- in Live Stock Judging. (For Annual Competitions).
3rd—Silver Cup, donated by Shaw ville Milling Company to
student with the highest aggregate score in Seed Judging. (For Annual Competition.)
4th —Two Entrance and Grand Stand Admission Tickets offered by the Central Canada Exhibition, to the two highest students in the course.
5th—Silver Comport, donated by the T. Eaton Co , Ltd # to the student with the second highest aggregate standing in the course.
(1th—Barker Fountain Pen. donated by the Robert Simpson Co., Ltd., to the student with the third highest aggregate standing in the comae.
7th—Usual Cash Prizes w ill be paid.
J. L. hoik;INS
g
H * h one 64-J.
’flSCCaBBQGnQBBGGG!
Grade 8
Over 90 per cent— Lois Hamilton. Over 80 per cent—Hetty Hodgins, Jean Smith, Gladys Telford. Over 70 per cent—Shirley Armstrong, Alvin Belsber, Beta Carson, Everett McDowell, William McDowell, Osborne Smith, Doreen Walsh, Laura Woodley. Over 00 per cent— Horace A r mitage, Irene Armstrong, Pansy Campbell, Jean Draper, Eleanor Hodgins, Benny Kil-loran, Rachel Laframboise, Trueman. Lusk, Billy Smiley, El wood Storey, Douglas Wickens. Over 50 per rent— Carl Dale, Norris McDowell, Lorna Roland Rennick, Ruth Shari>e, Mona Tracy. Under 50 per cent — Viola Elliott, Greet ta Greenshields, Margaret Hodgins, John Howard, Inez Swartz. Meryl Tippins
garet Young, Joyce Young.
Grade 11
Over 70 per cent— Helen Bretzlaff, Dorothy Caldwell. Bruce Findlay, Bernice Fletcher. Marguerite Grant, Iris Harris, Elaine Horner, Shirley Horner. Muriel Murphy, Isobel Smith, Gilbert Walsh, Raymond Lynch, Inez Dean. Over 60 per cent—Helen Corrigan, I va Cotie, Leslie Dods, Isabel Elliott, I va Horner, Helen MacLean, John MacLean, Gwenytb Shaw, Isobel Sly, Hilda Wallace, Marion Wright. Over 50 per cent—Elizabeth Argue, Dora Beattie, He!ma Bretzlaff, Dean Pokes, Ina McDowell, Ronald Masson, Marjorie Richardson, Marion Smyth, Robert Walsh, Helen Wickens, George Reid. Under 50 |>er cent—Irvine Brownlee, Mae Murray.
Judd. Jean McDowell 2; Marjorie Mur Edith Tiigman 1, Maybnrn Walsh 1, Hilda Young 3. Over 50 per cent -Bud Hines 4, Lillis Tippins 1, Mabel Tugman 1
Wherever these diseases occur
ny
the
Grade 10
Over 90 per cent— Wallace Vandray. Over 70 per cent—Phyllis Dahms, Gilbert Kilgour. Over 60 per cent—Alwyn Dale. Clifford Hahn. Over 60 per cent —Helen Clemmens, Ronald Dean, Earl Garrety, Cheslyn Horner, Helen Neville. Under 50 per cent—Ola Bretzlaff, Veda Beattie, John Brough, Marilyn Carson, Lloyd Cone. Enid Connelly, Norma nrlde q	Dale, Grant Fades, Marjorie Grant,
**
For further particulars apply to
N. A. DRUMMOND, Agronomist
R W. HODGINS, Sec.-Treas.
Cards of Thanks
The family of the late Mrs. John Carern. desire to express their heartfelt thank
expressions of sympathy during the illness and death uf their beloved
mother.
i «NE ARMSRONG,
President
i
r nirtiiy acts of kindness and
» )
However, many

l
4
###PAGE###5###
if^pqffqpgqoBqrîoiTor?iffqi?iirgjgigiBiggaBi4jüüil<UkMJai*U—P^i
EOT

Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Uhurch Rkv A. F. Pokes B. A , H.D. PAstor
Sunday, March 31
11.00 a. m — Service at Shaw ville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion * 3.30 p.m —Service at Stark’s Corners j
7.30	p.m.—Service at Sbawville.
The Easter music will be repeated at the Shawviile services.
i-The Equity
March Specials
DALE’S TINSHOP

2
Betebllibed 1883
PUBLISHED EVKHV TIIL'RSUAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUELIEC

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
/
annual subscription
$1.50

Anywhere in Canada To United States.
• •
Maple Syrup Requirements
Men’s Fancy Socks
Ui
2.00

A #
fetalWA
must be pnid in full Is discontinued
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
All arrears before any paper
Assorted Colours

• •
# &
# •
• #
• •
w. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
IVJ
19c
and Designs
• •
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. ARMSTRONG'S albs, B. I).
Sunday, March 31
Service at Sunday School Service at Service at
:
Farm For Sale
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
IV 30 11.30
St. Andrews,
#100 acres of good clay loam, all in hay, fair buildings, good water, close to school, butter ami cheese factory Easy Terms. Also a quantity of pressed hay.
Apply to
PETER WILSON,
Cobden, Ont.
Misses and Childrens School Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to 8%
Misses and Childrens Silk and Wool Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to 8^...
Girls’ Silk Hose
Light Shades Special ........

• l
41
feta
t
2.30
Knox,
Austin,
7.30


%
-
9
LESLIE DALE
19o S
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, March 31
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00 p.m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
Quebec
Shawville,
?
9
BRAY CH ICKS
%
^«y5JBfSfBJS131SJ513J31S.r5JSJ3JSI2J2J5JEj,BISJ5j 2ijEJ5JBJ9JE/BJSJSM9J9M5JSj5I51BJ5JBlBI5IS13ffll513Bls
9
9
9

9
25c

9

Certified Chicks
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
C Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
Parish op North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, March 31
North Onslow, Holy Communion 10.30 Charter», Evening Prayer
25c
Quebec
Shawville,
Women’s Slips, Pink snd White, Good
quality. Assorted Sizes.........
jj Women’s Silk Panties Assorted Colors
Special ............
Easter Draperies
is Curtain Scrim, 40 inches wide, Green g and Yellow Dots, Special per y aid
3 White Dotted Curtain Muslin, 40 inches wide, Special per yard .................
3 silk Curtain Material, 36 inches wide Ecru Shade, per yard....................
Chints, 36 inches wide, Fancy per yard.....................
7.00
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the
Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for egg production
BREEDS
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
75c
Why Worry About Nutrition ?
Cooper’s
Concentrated
Warble Fly Powder
25c
I
Sometimes in discussing foods, per-E sons will sty that their forefathers did g not worry about selecting foods carefully, so why should they. However, nearly everyone today realizes that many of the ills in the past were due to faulty diets, and that it is a matter of personal importance to pay attention to our daily meals
„ “Well filled” does not necessarily 19C B mean “well fed”. In addition to eating enough food to satisfy the normal appetite, foods should supply the bodybuilding materials which later keep the body in good condition.
Several factors; including climate, occupation and age, affect the quantity and types of foods we should eat. The people of tropical countries, for instance, do not need the same foods as Canadi-A man doing heavy manual work outdoors requires much more food than a man sitting at a desk, while a girl in her teens will probably need more food than her mother, because she is growing rapidly.
It is not difficult to provide the energy for our bodies. Fats such as butter, sugars and other sweet6, and starches in the form of bread and cereals are the energy produces*, building foods are principally milk, cheese, fish, eggs, meat and poultry. Their function is to provide the material
Lastly are the so-called “protective foods” which are found among the “energy" and “building ’ foods, but which are especially valuable for their mineral and vitamin content. The most important minerals to the body are iron, calcium, phosphorus and iodine. Iron is needed to keep the blood in g nod condition. Calcium and phosphorus are the bone materials, while iodine is needed for the normal functioning of the thyroid gland. \ italiens are the most recently discovered substances in foods Each vitamin has distinct purpose, but on the whole it may be said that they assist the other food factors in promoting the body’s growth and in preserving its healthy state.
The following pattern for the daily
to individual
and Sizes.


n
New Hampshire
i
19c
For the destruction of warble maggots in cattle


i
*
$12.00 per 100 12 00 11.00 “
10 00 “
March. 25 and 28.............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 20
May 2. 0. 9...............
“	13, 16, 20, 23 ......
“	27 and 90............
June 3, 0, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 2"
44
46
25c
Cooper’s Dry Kill for |
. vermin	j
a
44
46
2	Drapery
3	Colours,
4
25c
9.00
66
6 4
8 00
4 4
ê . ,

N
For White Leghorn» $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
To avoid
THE CORNER STOREj 3
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard 3
Dress Good Department
English Prints, first quality goods only, 36 i wide, Special per yard .
fancy Colored Broadcloth, 36 i
Plain Colored Broadcloths, 36 ins. wide, assorted colours, per yard .......................
9 Plain Blue, Brown and Black Silk Crepe, 36 ins. IS wide. Special per yard...................
Roy* G. Fraser I 3 Black Silk Crepe, good quality. 44 inches wide
I ^	----- -———*
ans.

Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered.
Disappointment Order Today

ins.
19c
. i
Main and Centre Sts
QUE
wide per yard
25c
ins.
SHAWVILLE,
19c
The
g
ESTABLISHED 1883
65c
for the tissues
75c
INVALID
;3
Gifts, Novelties
Flowers,
till Ol EH Y DE PA HTM EST
GEORGE HYNES & SON
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 836
.07
(liant Bar Laundry Soap Dundurn Plum Jam large
F lu It's with tumbler
• • • •
• •
• ••••*
.25
Directors of Funeral Service
size bottle
Phone ICO

.25

Newport Boxes Com Flakes with bowl
Robin Hood Wafer Flakes....
White Swan Wheat Flakes......
• • • •
• • •
• • • •
.25
*
Shawville, Que.
3
• •
• • • •
.15
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
3
.25
Phone 80
• • •
see#
• • • •
On
5
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
a


us collect.
$3.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
x
meals adjusted in size needs, will prove satisfying and healthful :
MacLean’s

RED & WHITE STORE
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
3 Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go, Limited
£Z	___
?T*rtrrrrrirEKHrEzrzEZTi”ErCTTiMsErErEcrxr
Milk—adults, one-half to one pint.
children, one and one half pints.
Fruit—Two or more, (one raw). Vegetables—Two or more, (one raw), i32Zg3Z2£52Ej in addition to potatoes.
Meat, Fish or Poultry—One serving. Eggs—One a day.
Cereals, fats and sugars to complete meals.





i
I •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I 4
%Ga5gaa533353535gg5a3335553a33353a3B5335:
'
[Azur
The Hodgins’ Lumber Co. |
25c
2 pounds
Pure Lard,
White Beans, 5 pounds ..............
Rolled Oats, 5 pounds ..............
Black Tea, 4 pound..................
Soap Chips, 3 pounds................
Jelly Powders, 5 for ...............
Ivory Flour, 7 pounds...............
Red & White Baking Powder, per tin
25c
Look Here
25c
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
25c
\
Card of Thanks
CUSTOM SAWING
\
25c
C)
The brothers and sisters of the late Miss Jessie L. Smith, wish to express their gratitude and thanks, through her long serious illness, to the many friends and neighbours, for their acts of kindness and gifts of fruit and flowers, to the staff of the Community Hospital, to Dr. McDowell, to Mrs. Horsfield, and to the ma worked so
25c
FOR SALE—Six Head Good Cattle,
.Jam. J. Graham,
Place
We are now delivering Mill Wood, your order now.
One Young Horse. Wyman. Que.
25c
25c
• • • •
WANTED—Ward maid for mornings. Apply at Pontiac Community Hospital. ShAwvllle.
25c
Prunes, 2 pounds.......
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds Pickles, sweet, per jar....
Figs, 2 pounds..........
Tapioco, 2 pounds ......
Sago, 2 pounds .........
Rice, choice quality, 3 pounds....
Cornmeal, 5 pounds.......
Health Bran, 2 packages
Oranges, per dozen ......
Grapefruit, 6 for .......
25c
Saw-Logs Wanted
FOR S ALK-A quanltv of good Victor Oats, au liable for need ; also some potatoes. Apply to W. J, Woods, McKee. Que.
rpr Bristol neighbours who faithfully at the cemetery.
25c
• •
We are now in the market for all kinds of
Gash paid on delivery ;
25c
25 c
Saw Logs, and have a special market for Elm
Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Ayrshire General
FOr SALE- Three young Milch Cows, also one Driving or Purpose Horse, aged 8 years, sound and quiet. Apply to B. L Grant, R R No. I, Shawvllle. Phone 14 W.
House For Sale
25c
25c . 25c
Comfortable dwelling house on Young Street, Shawville, East of Exhibition Building nine years old. full interior finished, semi bungalo type, six large rooms with summer kitchen and out buildings. Will be sold at reasonable price for cash. Apply to,
J. A. RESNICK Shawville, Que.
••••••
Park
Phone 27
FOR RENT—Well improved fa: m, 4 miles south of Shawvllle, near School and O.N.R. Station.
Horner, Box 1IW, Norand a, Que.
£
25c
» ——
X
• • •
• •
Apply to Cl. a in-K

1 THE HODGINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
X
25c
X
SI
... 25c
X
FOR SALE or RENT—Bake Shofl Dwelling for rent or sale, or would • change for suitable farm property. For terms and particulars apply to the owner. HENRY S. DALE, opposite High School, fihaw'dtie. Que.
and
x
Quebec
• #
Shawville,
ex-
x
Phone—94 j
¦aor
###PAGE###6###

h
between 7 a.m. at'd
nep.m.°by\he local office of the U.S. Weather Bureau over a dir-
i connection. The sub-
lms only to telephone the and he receives the rcc-
Weather-Phone
Britain’s Multi-Aircraft Guns Offer Triple Threat
Movie-Going
Jury Humored
Sunday
School
Lesson
Telephone subscribers throughout greater New York may receive authoritative forecasts of weather conditions. Information for these announcements is sup-
!
ect teletype scriber

¦
' 'K JM *-

now


..
X
.
Wmm
m
bureau orded message.

"May we have the evening off?” a juryman asked at Montreal last week when the trial of Romeo Foucault on a charge of murder was adjourned for the day.
“I suppose you want to go to the movies,” said Mr. Justice Wilfrid Lazure.
“Yes” the juror said.
“Well, if the police captain can pick a picture that is fitting for you to see, you go,” the judge decided after the request was discussed with counsel.
x Vl ;






mi










,jêfr


| This Curious World
By William Ferguson


I



m

"4


' f

PATRICK.

a
LESSON XII
THE SEPULCHRE:	TRIUMPH
OVER DEATH.—Matthew 27: 57
28: IS.
o

oncemade a
V\ (STAKE WHILE PLEADING A . CASE IN COURT,
\ AND argued
I ON BEHALF OF HIS
y OPPONENT/
Ù WHEN TOLD OF HIS
U/ ERROR, HE W BRILLIANTLY ANSWERED ALL OF HIS OWN ARGUMENTS AND mav TTVÆ"
can
I
>
i
Now hath
Christ been raised from the dead, the first-fruits of them that are asleep. 1 Cor. 15: 20.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING-
Christ’s burial occurred time before six p.m. on Fri-
GOLDEN TEXT
»


//
2. And behold, there was a great earthquake; for an angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled away the stone, and sat upon it. 3. His appearance was as lightning, and his raiment white as snow: 4. and for fear of him the watchers did quake, and became as dead men. 5. And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye; for l know that ye seek Jesus, who hath been crucified. 6. He is not here ; for he is risen, even as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Had the tomb remained sealed and guarded, the world would have had stronger grounds for denying the resurrection and would have claimed as it does today, with far greater force, that our Lord's subsequent appearances were merely spiritualistic.
i
f

i

Time.

v
Î
some
day, April 7; the visit of the women to the sepulchre occurred early Sunday morning, April 9, A.D. 30.
Place.—
z


r*8

*

s
l
Calvary and the nearby tomb of Joseph of Arimathaca were both a short distance outside the walls of Jerusalem.
57. And when even was come, there came a rich man from Ari-mathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple: 68. this man went to Pilate, and asked for the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded it to be given up. Joseph of Arimathaea was a man of means of refined mind, a member of the Jewish Sanhedrin, and held in good repute among his fellow counsellors. It was this man with his mind already enlightened by Jesus, and his heart drawn to him, who stood under the cross of Christ. Remorse or his part shrinking smote him, he forthwith sought the body of Jesus to bury it in his own grave, prepared for his own costly burial.
Laid :m the Sepulchre
69. And Joseph took the body, and wrapped it in a clean linen cloth, 60. and laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: ar.3 he rolled a great stone to the door of the tomb, and departed. The body was laid in a loculus in the tomb, formed by a slab of stone places across one side of the tomb so aa to form a coffin-like recess behind it. The entombment of our Lord is a remarkable fulfillment of Isa 63: 9, which foretold that the Messiah would make his grave “with the rich in his death.”
61. And Mary Magdalene was there, and the other Mary, sitting against the sepulchre. The Mary mentioned here together with Mary Magdalene, must be Mary the mother of James and Joses (see v. 66). These were the who had ministered to Jes-throughout the three years of his public ministry.

i

6
‘A
1



mm

#

il
9

«v
s:
CANNOT MANUFACTURE "ft STARCH IN THE DARK, * BUT. AFTER. IT IS MADE,
, THEV CAN CHANCE.
. IT TO SUGAR. AND L, USE IT IN THEIR GROW- J K ING TISSUES DURING
Hr> both dayl/sht ra %
IP AND DARKNESS. < JkS
msmmim
for taking care of attack from the air.
A brace
Ya
: ' I

;
Farm Forum
Christ And The Birds
3»
«05


(Conducted by Prof. Henry G. Bell, of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, assisted by other members of the O.A.C. faculty)
W
Before the first faint hope of dawn could lay Its slender fingers on the purple sky,
Christ issued from His tomb on Easter Day And passed the sleeping soldiers softly by.
The birds, so early waking from their sleep, Roused in their nests the way He went along; Knowing the promise that He rose to keep, They meant to greet their Master with a song.
&
' COM. 1H7 #Y NtA SERVICE. INC.
the sun.
NEXT: Do ertatoes bear fruit?
<4
Q. I have a 50-acre farm of sandy soil. As I have not enough barnyard fertilizer for both places, I am hauling the fertilizer to the sandy soil and intend getting lime for clay land. Will you please let me know if this is a wise thing to do? If so, will you plaese advise me what quantities of lime to use? If there better method of enriching the soil for' this year’s crop will you please let me know, if it is not more expensive? — S. R., Dufferin-

He laid His fingers to His lips, and turned To indicate the guards, heads drowsy-bent,
And then He smiled, but in His eyes there burned Rich pleasure at the little birds’ intent.
MAP PUZZLE
is a
I
particle.
1C It is a-----
(pl.).
19 An important industry in this land.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured is the map of
So, long ago, Christ walked before the light In Joseph’s garden, heralded by none; Watched over by the feathered host at night, He went His way. The miracle was done.
Ï BAT
Simcoe.
A. Yd* are doing well to have the manure put on the lighter soil, be that the heavier clay soil
6 Its president. 12 Males.
S
It may
would benefit materially from a light application of manure.
Regarding applying lime to clay
soil, I would say that you should have th'e soil tested first to find lr Lime is required. If the soil is already neutral or alkaline, It is a loss of time and money to put Lime on it. If you will have a sample of taken according to the instructions on pages 29 to 32 of the enclosed pamphlet and forward the same to the Dept, of Chemistry, at O.A.C., Guelph, we will have it tested and will then be able to let you know whether or not Lime is required. Lime is not a manure or a plantfood, it is simply a soil conditioner.
21 Thing.
Pf 22 Spanish VT gentleman.
I T 25 Object of art. «ry 27 Darlings.
29 Blue grass «Eu 32 Venomous
----1 snake.
J 37 Ratitc bird, this 38 Constant
companion.
40	Proportion.
41	Play.
43 To rest upon one’s feet.
JOHN GALLINARI WHIDDING
13 Climbing ulfiH plant.	SEE Y
15	Name.	NjQu-E
16	Artificial	AlSlSB
skating pond. Y | MH
17	One that doses.
18	To halt.
20	Silkworm.
21	Renovated. 40 Crucifix.
23	To piece out. 42 Onager.
24	Maple shrub. 44 Tea.
26 Opposed to 46 Storage house > ERTIC AL even.	for weapons.	2	Arabian
32 Measure of 56 Anything that 5 More ancient.	48 Noun ending.
6	Box.	49 Fastidious.
7	Afresh.	50 Bustle.
8	Uncommon.	52 Pertaining to
wings.
54 To sink.
56 Feather scarf 58 Senior.
60 Ream.
over
A
S
L
gathered together unto
sees were Pilate, 63. saying, Sir, we remem-bed what that deceiver said while he was yet alive, After three day* I rise again. 64. Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest haply his disciples come and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: and the last error will be worse than the first. 65. Pilate said unto them, Ye have a guard: go, make it as sure as ye can. 66. So they went, and made the sepulchre sealing the atone, the guard
The Guard Watches
62. Now on t>e morrow, which is the day after the Preparation, the chief priests and the Phari-
I
N
A
women
F
us
range in land, Sierra
soil
RADIO REPORTER
By DAVE ROBBINS
before the mike in . . happenings of
heals.
57 Malaria.
59 A crown.
61	The river that 9 Being forms its eastern boundary.
62	Mountain
they pass newsy review . interest as seen through the local newspaper, choice bits of information about the locality in question . . . Here's your chance to learn more about “Main Street”, Ontario, or hear your own town achieve radio fame.
area.
33	Ill-bred person.
34	Too.
35	Musical note.
36	I am.
38	Pair.
39	Plural.
NEXT: TELEVISION
# + *
Television is on the way slowly
In the New York
sure,
being with them.
The Jewish authorities of Jerusalem apparently could not rest | ur ag aQ_____________
after Jesus was dead. Haunted by . considerable difficulty with alka-his prophetic words, in which he Une water, although aluminum sul-declarcd that he would rise from	tQ wU1 correct it. I have been
the dead on the third day, they I tQld that guiphur has a longer last went back to Pilate, requesting ing effect than aluminum sulphate, hat a guard be placed at the sep- I but not familiar with the pro-ulchre. The Pharisees used polit- I pensiUes of sulfur, ical arguments to influence Pil- 1 Any advice you would give me in ate. They contended that, if the I *tllîg matter will be greatly apprec-disciples * persuaded people that I iated Wi York Co.
Jesus had risen from the dead, I A# ; would say that Flowers o they might cause a far more ser- I Suipiiur used at rates of 300 to tv ions rising than had occurred at I lbs# per acre will produce dosira the triumphal entry, in const- I acidity in controlling scab on po -that Jesus was the Mess- | toes. If the Sulphur Is broadcast
just after the land Is plowed, and
before discing, Sulphur can be add-„ effectively. One experl-
advises that on soils that lack Sulphur-oxidizing bacteria, it Is advisable to use Inoculated Sul-
q. i wonder if you would give
Information regarding sulph-acidifier of soil. I have
me
but surely, area there are some 2,000 television receiver owners, with a potential audience of about 10,000. But don’t let this excite you into buying a television set just yet. Did you ever consider just what television would mean??? Suppose they decide to televize a drama once a week for some sponsor like the current Monday night theatre. They’d have to get it together in a week, yet Hollywood will spend a year making a movie. If it becomes possible to get all sport activities like hockey, boxing and so on, who will go, and the sport survive without fans to pay the shot at the box office. Television will make changes in activities that are not even dreamed of yet.
10	Famous.
11	Killing disease.
14 Electrified

I 12	3	4
*
ELECTION RETURNS
Dominion election returns compiled by the Canadian Press following closing of the polls on Mar. 26 will be carried over the national network of the Canadian
Corporation l
15
14
12
18
16
23
2
21
0
and
7
26
Broadcasting made available to every radio station in Canada.
The broadcast servit» will begin at 5.30 p.m., E.S.T., and provide three-minute bulletins every quarter-hour through to midnight, E.S.T., if necessary.
24 25
31
28
-------'IVy
quence
3
can
iah.
The Resurrection
Matt. 28: 1. Now late on the sabbath day, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre. It was not until they were well their way that it occurred to them to ask how the great atone, which they had seen rolled to the door, was to be removed. The difficulty, however, melted away almost as soon as it was realized. The stone was already gone.
ed most
our
menter
z
^142
I
u
To be Heard . . . March 22, CBL 7.00 p.m. CBC Singera present special Good Friday choral pro. . 8.00 p.m. CBY Stabat
DRAMA ON THE AIR
The radio offers many excellent dramas—but the other day while doing a little dial exploring we came on one that in our mind ranks with the Lux theatre of the air—and it had no top names in the cast either. The program was Mary, Queen of Scots, a chapter from Cavalcade of Drama, heard CROC at 7 30 Monday,
Wednesday and Friday.
* * *
Paul Whiteman stars in an outstanding show from the CBS chain each Wednesday night at 8.30— the program is as big time as Paul himself. It's heard in this part of the country from WGR.
I 52
7
45
*:ur.
During 1938 the nine dredges operated in the Yukon Consolidated Gold Corporation handled 8,550,000 cubic yards of gravel, which yielded 60,055 fine ounces of gold and 14,413 fine ounces
of silver.
gram .
Mater Oratorio from Montreal . March 23, 9.00 p.m., CBL National Hockey League Playoff from Toronto . . . March 24, 1.30 p.m., CBL “Christ the Arisen,” biblical play . . . 4.45 p.m., CBL Hart House Carillon.
on
e e
>7
from
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Picking Up

,aY
WAVE- YOU LOOKED «Of IN THE VACUUM
,1'*^ CLEANER?
I HAVENr SEEN A SIGN OC MY HUSBAND SINCE WE STARTED
SWNG CLEANING
J s
4
*
*
For something entirely differ-should catch Stranger

A
s
ent you	.
Than Fiction—a truly novel five
minutes—from 1120 each morn-
wm All the oddities
• X

ing at 8.65.
from everywhere.
» * #
m
/
/
X
RURAL ONTARIO
The small towns of Ontario are
on th<	¦¦
CROC .

#
ü
\
v;
< fry
. . one each Hamilton,


5 15
gOUig
week, ove ? Thursday evening nourccd by a’ic
8.11 Fynjl.el. I

\
al 6.45 “Town 1
I
m
Ijl
111
Hi





2&U
?


\W
1

ma




m





HBHBl
Bus a
saas aeau'Æ

S Sürau.a 8ZBU.GG
a:


S'


###PAGE###7###
DIRECT TO CHEFS!
for better rolling
Use Domestic Food Surplus
Great *Cities And Towns Prepare For Boom In 1940 Shipping
EALTH
TOPICS
I
# # #
n
I
1
is. a
CD
'



Director of Women's Activities at Canadian National Exhibition, Mrs. H. M. Altken, Urges Women of Dominion to Place More Apple and Pork Products on Home Tables


?
1
i m
TURNIP FOR ULCERS
The old-fashioned turnip, one of the commonest of vegetables, has acquired a new dignity In the eyes of the medical profession before whom it is now being advocated in Juice form for the treatment of peptic and duodenal ulcers. This novel of the turnip is outlined in the Canadian Medical Association Jour-

Count on	1
Ogden's Fine	»
Cut to direct you to greater enjoyment in y#W-rolling your	^
. This mellow, fragrant cigarette tobacco gets four, star rating in any company. There is no "stand-in" for a cigarette you roll yourself with Ogdon's. Particularly when you use the best papers —"Chantecler” or "Vogue".

9 0 9

a
»
•s
In an address before the women's division of the Ontario Association of Agricultural Societies at Toronto last week the women of Canada were advised by Mrs. Henry Mun-dell Aitken as to how they can make a very valuable if indirect contribution to Canada’s wav effort. Mrs. Aitken. in dealing with the question of food surpluses, exhorted the home-makers to utilize apples for apple cause, apple sauce cake, apple pudding, apple pie and apple butter. Conditions in Europe have caused an over-supply of this fine Canadian fruit.
CHOPS AND TENDERLOIN
To the amazement of most of her hearers, Mrs. Aitken listed pork chops and pork tenderloin among the surpluses and pointed out that with thousands of tons of hams and ba^on being shipped to England there would be need for the remaining pork products to be consumed at home.
An innovation at the Canadian National Exhibition this year will be a class for Boy Scout cooks. The culinary products of the Scouts will be Judged together with those of the women. Mrs. Aitken is director of women's activities at the Exhibition.
* 0. f




own

l

tot *
*L* :

FT"




use
* W


J.
3 ¦
mm
nal.
• 1



The turnip juice is made by cutting off the top of a turnip, hollowing out the turnip, filling the hollow with brown sugar and standing the vegetable upright. Next day the sugar will have dissolved in the juice which it has extracted from the turnip tissue. It Is claimed by some that this turnip is even more effective in view of freshness than

/ /

*

>
Pipe-
Smokers /— k
Ask A

»,

f
>
for
r
Ogden’s

Cn/

1
/>/»«*



-w

jr*'*
f 5» ^
- '"erf
x /
f ¦
¦£*
' ~*V/
" 1
V
" vs
*»•«
orange juice.
^ 1 -! '
Ax* A"D
wm0m

3‘

'jj..
# ^



i
¦
¦v

VIGILANCE VS. CANCER
A high percentage of cancer casée can be cured if properly treated In the early stages of the disease, according to Dr. Gran tie y W. Taylor of Harvard Medical School.
The problem at present, he said, la to educate the public Into seeking advice for symptoms which qpay be suggestive of cancer and to Instruct the profession in early recognition of the disease and in the proper surgical and radiation treatments necessary to effect a cure.
mm '


to?

°c



¦



sy»/




rM&*
f..
OGDEN’S
(p
at Detroit.
* A
FINE CUT
Out of 11 kinds of milk listed by the United States department of agriculture, reindeer milk is richest—it has 22 per cent butter-
C. N. R. Revenue»
Show Increase
- HAVE -TOD HEARD?!
fat.
Modem
Etiquette
The gross revenues of the an-inclusive Canadian National Kail-for the week ending March
$4,096,938 8,264,636
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• #
ways
7, 1940 were ........
aa compared with .....
for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of
RESORT PROPERTY
BY ROBERTA LEE
CARS, NEW AND USED
AGENTS WANTED
Air Force officer
The young	.
had just crashed into a telegraph
pole and wire, pole, and everything was draped around him.
As helpers rushed to his aid and began to untangle him from the wreckage, he reached out his hands feebly, fingered the wires, and whispered:
“Thank Heaven, I’ve lived a clean life
harp.”
HALF MILE LAKE frontage, 460 acres, two dwelling houses, overlooking lake, excellent site for tourist camps, service station, etc., thousands cords wood, pulp, lumber, numerous outside buildings, hydro at door, owner In poor health, $4,000.00 as running concern or $3,500 cash. N. Boyce, 11 St Claren» St., Toron-
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers: three location», 632 Mount Pleasant Road, 2040 Tong# Street. 1225 Danforth Ave. used cars make us many friends.
MILKER MEN WANTED --INVEST $60.00 and be your own boss; one sale per week beats working for someone elsei capable, hard workers earn $3.000 up; amazing new-machine by old-established company. State sales experience In full. Address Room FA2, Anker-Holth Manufacturing Company, Sarnia. Ontario.	_____
Q. Is smoking & question of morale?
A. No, but It surely Is a question •f manners. Neither a man nor a woman should smoke where there is a possibility of it being objectionable. And the person who deliberately or thoughtlessly directs a cloud of
another person's face really deserves a reprimand.
Q. Isn't it bad taste to "talk over" s hand of bridge that has been just played, or a rubber, calling attention to mistakes, and discussing
bow it was played?
A. Yes. This Is very boring to a great many people. One should forget It and concentrate on the next band.
Q. How should Jean Norton, who to eighteen, be introduced to Mrs. Marshall, who is sixty?
A. "Mrs. Marshall, this Is Jean
Norton."
Q. Should a wedding guest congratulate the groom, even when this guest tels that the groom Is making an unfortunate marriage?
A. Yes. In the first place, the guest may be entirely wrong In his opinion; second, If he is correct in Ms judgment the poor groom will find It out and should be made happy as possible for the short time of his disillusionment,
Q. What Is a good toast for a friend of the bridegroom to offer to the bride at a wedding reception?
A, "God bless the bride. She picked the beet man of the lot of us." Q. Is It all right to serve pie at
a formal dinner?
A No; it Is not done.
..	841,803
or 26.8%
Our

COLLEGES, TRADE SCHOOLS
LEARN SHORTHAND. TYPEWRITing, bookkeeping at home. Write Home Study Institute, 654 Furby Street. Winnipeg, for particular».
to.
How Cum I?
SALESMEN. DOUBLE YOUR EARN-
2îin,.«T
and sales plan. Rex Cleaner Co., 309 Mayfair Ave., Winnipeg, Man.
MEN! WOMEN! HERE'S WHAT you've been waiting for! A steady Income — financial security for life — guaranteed you with a Fa-mllex Agency of your own. Inquire today without obligation. The Fa-mllex Products Company, 570 St.
Cleme^^j2~Tpa1,	—
BABY CHICKS
SEED FOR SALE
o? across a table Into
they've given me a
« u
WRITE FOR OUR FREE 1940 SEED catalogue, containing most complete list flower and vegetable seeds. Priced tor market gardeners and garden lovers. Ontario Seed Company. Waterloo, Ont.
FARM EQUIPMENT
!
BY ANN6. ASH 1 EV
FANNING MILL (KLINE) FARMers say best seed grader; wild oat separator, also screening repairs. Testimonials. Kline Manufacturing, Islington. Ontario.
"Waiter, the oyster in this stew is mot enough even to flavor it.
Q How can I remove old wall paper easily?
A. An excellent method for removing old wall paper is to put a cup of vinegar Into a bucket of hot water and wet the wails thoroughly with this solution. The paper will
readily peel off.
Q. How can I whiten my teeth?
A. Apply peroxide of hydrogen diluted with one-half water. Or, clean with prepared chalk and orris root every morning and evening.
Q. How can I cool a dish of pudding, or any other hot food, quickly?
- A. Set the dish in a pan of cold water which has been liberally salt-
CARLOT OR LESS OF GOMMER-cial or Certified Apex. Renown, Thatcher. Registered Marquis. Reward. Banner, Victory, Vanguard or Laurel Hulless Oats. O.A.C. No. 21 Barley, Hannshen. or Regal. Bison or Redwing flax. Crested Wheat. Alfalfa, Sweet Clover, Parkland Brome. Western Rye. All Selected.quality, most complete stock of all field seeds. Ask for our prices before you secure your seed requirements. Satisfaction guaranteed. Newfield Seed & Nursery Farms, Codette, Saak.
Deed, suh, he wasn’t put in to flavak de stew. He's
jes'
He was showing a friend around
his ultra-modern house.
“There are lots of points about it that I like,” said the candid friend, “and there are some that I do not understand. Why, for instance, the round hole in the front
door?”
“Oh, that's for circular letters.
FILMS
•« *
TRIAL SPECIAL — SEND NED A-tive, this advertisement and 10c for three prints and 5x7 enlargement, or roll and 25c for eight prints. 5x7 enlargement London Photo Service, Box 551, London. Ont. Established 1919.____________
supposed to christen it.
ONE
BtSSpra
April, Rocks 10 cents, 90 per cent pullets 17 cents, cockerels 8 cents. Leghorns 10 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 20 cents, cockerels 2 cents. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent books your order. Circular on request J. D. Johnson, Fergus, Ontario.
HOUSES FOR SALE
NUMBER GOOD HORSES. MATCHed teams, one Percheron stallion colt. grey. J. McAnlnch, Route 4, Guelph.
GOVT.
HOME GROWN SEEDS
graded. Alfalfa, red clover, alaike. Timothy, sweet clover. Ask for prices and samples. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd., Caledonia.
MEDICAL
KIPP'S
A GOOD SPRING TONIC
Herb Tablets. Twenty-five cents. All Drug Stores or Maltby's. Toronto Ten.
Canvasser: “Can I interest
leaner?"
USED AND NEW PLUMBING
• •
you in a vacuum-c
Maid: "No. We ain't got no
BATHS. SINKS. TOILETS. SOIL# pipe, boilers, furnaces, radiators, etc. Lowest prices, guaranteed. Catalogue furnished. Main Plumbing Supplies. 921 St Lawrence, Montreal.	_______________
ed.
Hatchery, Wing-
Q. How can I clean white window shades?
A. Unroll the shade and spread sheet on the floor. Scrub with
vacuums."
HEPATULA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades and across hips. Indigestion, gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results in one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Saskatoon. Sask.
¦hires.
rices. WIngham
soon
prices. » ingL ham, Ontario.
Charles II of England once asked Stillingfleett, the famous clergyman, why he read his sermons
from manuscript.
"Why do you read your speeches from the throne?” countered the minister.
“Because,” replied the King, “I have asked the people so often for money I am ashamed to look them in the face."
The pessimist fearfully, asks, "Is there any milk m the pitcher?*'
The optimist
"Please pass +he cream."
on &-----
a soft cloth dipped in magnesia
and water. Treat both sides in the
game way. Allow to remain on the
sheet until dry.
Q. How can I prepare a dandruff remedy?
A. Dissolve one ounce of flour or sulphur in one quart of soft water. Do not use it until It is thoroughly 1 settled. Apply it at night. I make a good frost-
USED BOOKS, MAGAZINES
LARGE TOM BARRON LEGHORNS mated to cockerels from R. U. r. and contest winning flock. 8c; pullets 16c: Collins Poultry Farm, (Osnabrück Centre), Wales. Ont.
SEND FOR FREE LIST OF GOOD used fiction at bargain prices. Adventure, mystery, romance by th% best modern and old time writers. State your favourite titles and authors. Largest stock of fiction In Canada. Book Exchange, 370 Bloor West. Toronto._________________
'BEACH'S . kills itch-
BALD? GOING BALD?
Formula" grows hair rapidly dandruff, stops falling hair, ing scalp. Hundreds of testimonials. Boxes $1.00. postpaid. Use half contents, if not satisfied, return the unused portion —- your money refunded instantly. L and B. Beach. B2362, North Vancouver. B.C. Scalp specialists for 13 years. Our reputation protects you.
WIGS. TOUPES, TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches, Curls, and all types of fine.it quality Halr Goods. Write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co.. 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
LYONS
478 Yonge St., Toronto
mixed a Q. IIow can ing and filling for cup cake?
A. Take two pounds of sifted powdered sugar and moisten it to the right consistency with orange
•it
AND AGAIN THE PUBLIC ARE buying Baden Chicks. Orders are 25 per cent, ahead of last year. The public has compared all prices and all chicks, and are choosing Baden Chicks again because they know they will secure high quality Government Approved chicks at rock bottom prices. We have day old no n - s e x ed, pullets and cockerels, two and three-week old started chicks, three week old capons, and all popular breeds to choose from. White Leghorns as low as $8.95, Barred Rocks, New Hamps $9.45. Free circular. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden. Ontario.
CLEARANCE SALE
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE All Used Furniture Is completely reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly clean, and sold with positive money-back guarantee of autisfuc-
tlLOO KROBHLER CHEHTJ3R-field bed, reversible spring-filled cushions.
$19.50 CHESTERFIELD SUITE. 9 pieces brown repp material, Marshall construction.	. _
$29.00 3-PIECE CHESTERFIELD Suite, upholstered In English tapestry, reversible Marshall spring
$37.U50hl BEAUTIFUL BROWN MOhair Chesterfield Suite. 3 pieces, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$35.00 10-PIECE Outfit, comprising 3 piece velour chesterfield suite, bridge lump and shade, walnut end table, ‘able lamp and shade, silk cushion and modern smoker.
$24.00 SOLID OAK DINING ROOM suite, buffet, extension table, six leather upholstered chairs. Per-
$35?0U* 9- PI ECE OAK DINING ROOM suite, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat
$69.*00irBEAUTIFUL 0-PIECE DINing Suite, rich walnut finish, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered
$85.100,r8SOLID WALNUT DINING suite, (cost new approximately $225), large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather
$49.e0<0t CMODERN OAK DINETTE suite, buffet, è>tension table, and 4 chairs with embossed leather
$35.eoaot9*SMARTt‘ BEDROOM SUITE. In rich, two-tone walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier and full size bed. Like new.
$49.00 COMPLETE
suite, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and now mat-
159r0eoSVtJÜUR SAMPLE MODERN bedroom suite In bleached walnut finish, with Venetian mirrors. Dresser, chiffonier, full size bed. sagless spring and mattress. All
$9*5^KITCHEN CABINETS IN ALL
$15)95*8%BCE BREAKFAST SUITE buffet, table and 4 chairs, enamel. All merchandise carefully crated for safe shipment on receipt of money-
sold with a definite
What Science j Is Doing \
EMBARRASSED WITH PIMPLES or Blackheads? A famous skin specialist's creme, will relieve you— money back guarantee. One dollar brings month's treatment Full simple instructions. Hygela Products. London, Ontario.
confidently
juice.
•ay»,
1
“Well, Pat,” remarked the foreman, “I'm sorry you're leaving By Speedometer the works. Aren’t the wages satis-
1 factory?” “The wages are all right,” returned Pat, “But I keep
guilty feeling all the About what?” “I'm all the
Fish Clocked
«

ASTHMA! FOR EXCELLENT REsults use: "Asthma-Tone" in milder Asthma; or "Asthma-Lax," in
attacks quidcîÿf heAT TTaniage'd lungr., invigorate body. Price $1.00. Write Asthma-Tone Laboratories, 410 Barton East. Hamilton.
ATOMS — AND CREAM SEPARATOR
Scientists have taken the old-fashioned" cream separator Into the laboratory and put It to valuable use as well as giving Jt a new name, It was disclosed at McGill University by Prof. J. W. Beams of the Rous s Physical Laboratory, University of Virginia, who last week gave a scientific lecture on "The High Speed Centrifuge."
The high speed centrifuge goes to work on molecules just as does a cream separator on milk. The molecules are fed Into the machine. I he heavy molecules are slung by the centrifugal force to the outside of the cylinder. The lighter molecules remain closer to the centre of the machine. It Is thus possible to actually separate heavier molecules trora lighter ones. This achievement 1s of value In determining the molecular weights. Among its other uses Is determination of the velocity of light.
CAN PRODUCE GIANTS
Determination of the chemical structure and composition of the vitamin essential for normal growth 1e announced.
Known as panthothenic acid, tû.e vitamin is so powerful an aid to cell development that one ounce in
7,100,000	tons of testing mixture would multiply the cell count by tour. It le expected that with the vitamin placed at the disposal of medical science It will take tte piece me a stimulant to growth and m a preventive and curative for
We have n fair idea how fast most animals run and birds fly, but only hazy notions about the speeds of fish. Earl Thompson, a Nova Scotia angler, has devised a special speedometer which registers speed in miles per hour as h s line runs out. This invention should be of value to scientists investigating marine life, for with it they will be able to gauge the speeds of ocean monsters like whales, sharks and swordfish. Mr. Thompson was asked that summer to collaborate with the Boston Natural History Museum, and his most interesting catch was a 60 lb. tuna, which raced out to sea with the line at 44 miles an hour. In the summer he hopes to find out what an 800-pounder will do.
having a time.
time thinking I'm doing a horse out of a job.”
WE HAVE THE FOLLOWING breeds to choose from. White Leghorns., Brown leghorns, Black Xlinorcas. White M in ore as. Ancon-a». Barred Rocks. New Hamp-shires, Rhode Island Reds. White Rocks, White Wyandotte*. Light Sussex. Jersey Brack Giants. Black Australorps. Hybrids. Black Min-oreas X White Leghorns. Barred Rocks X New Hamps. New Ham pm X Barred Rocks. White Leghorns X Barred Rocks, Light Sussex X New Hamps. Prices start at $9.45 for non-sexed chicks. Free catalogue. Tweddle (’hick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
It 41
—MINKS FOR SALE ___
PURE QUEBECS. CHOICE. LARGE kitts. Dark, silky, densely furred. Few bred females, $27.60. Ramona Mink Ranch. M irkstay. Ontario.
LIVING ROOM
Barley production in Canada for 11)39, according to the second official estimate, is now placed at
103,226,000	bushels, an increase of 4,017,000 bushels over the estimate made in September, 1939. The barley production in 3938 was
¦¦offer TO INVENTOR»
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Bâtent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
102,242,000 bushels.
PERFUME
BRAY QUALITY IS THE BUY-word for poultrykeepers In March buying. Immediate delivery chicks, pullets, cockerels. New Hamp-ehlres. Barred and White Rocks, New Hampshire X Barred Rock. White and Columbian Wyandottes. 3 3 week chicks: capons, to order. Turkeys. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N.. Hamilton.______________________
PERFUME
English Tweed Perfume of unusual quality for discriminating people. Today’s most popular perfume. $1.00 value for 25c. Address to Devonshire Perfumes, 153 Sheridan Ave., Toronto.___________
THROAT
SORE?

f
t
/
QUIT TUBA» vu. snuff easily. inexpensively. Hume remedy. Testimonials Guaranteed. Advice free nnrtlett'e Rot 1 Winnipeg
J-

for common ordinary sore 4,
throîï. o* Z -
josi
BRITISH COLUMBIA

SOUTH CENTRAL VANCOUVER island has the Ideal climate to produce fine seeds and bulbs commercially. For Information regarding suitable land, write James Affleck. Nanaimo, H.Ç.________	_
Canada
Barley production in for 1939 according to the second official estimate is now placed at
103226.000	bushels, an increase of
4.017.000	bushels over the estimate made in September, 1989, Tho barley production in 1938
102.242.000	bushels.
m
RELIGIOUS
i
BEDROOM
BEFORE
1
"ELIJAH COMING Christ." Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission, H., Rochester, New York.___________________.
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
• 9
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACHINery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co., 108 Bathurst St, Toronto.

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
was
New
Used
¦TC
ism
SPECIALIZING 114 REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic Heists, Wlucbes, Generators, Start ere, Ml « * ue ( ea, Carbureters Radiators — Exchange Service, Ol Satisfaction or refund. Levy
EDUCATIONAL
„ms nns
Lydia E. Pinkham’s SSKS ! ïfal*,U"”
GIRLS:
order and money-back guarantee of satis
11 on.
fii
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. Toronto
ISSUE NO. 12—'40
i
I
###PAGE###8###


*">


You are cordially invited to attend the convention in the Stand-
Shaw ville, from Kev. B. H,
m
made in the church cemetery, the all bearers being, Messrs. Ld. _agg, Manson MeCagg, Leonard Belsher, Melbourne Elliott, Hurst
Hodgins and Clarence Carson.
Floral tiibutes were beautitul and were received from the follow-mg : —Pillow, Mi. and Mrs. Crawford Carson aim family ; wreaths Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Carson and family, Toronto ; baskets, Teacher and Pupil®, No. 5 School; Woman’s Association United Church ; «prays, Miss Bella Carson and Mi Julia Sheppard ; Mr. and Mrs. Thus. Sheppard, Cornwall ; the Sly families,,Pembroke.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
s
aid Church,
March 27th to 81st.	.
Thompson, president, will be in charge. Three services will be held daily, 10 00 ft. m., 2 00 and 7.30 p. m.	_______
Step Out In Style
>

‘ in Marble and Granite
for information on special designs and prices.
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from

Teachers Wanted
One Intermediate Teacher a» Principal for Qnyon Intermediate School ; also one Elementary teacher for Junior Room. Applicants please state experience and salary expected. Apply to
W. F BRONSON,
Secretary Treasurer
Quebec
Write
'4
c %
Phone, 278
Quyon Red Cross Play Great Success
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.95 and up
Qnyon
“Mama’s Baby Boy” a three act comedy, produced under the ans* pices of the Qnyon Branch of the Red Cross,. was received with great acclaim in Qnyon on Saturday March Ititb. To be congratulated on tine performances are the players : There^e Meilleur, Stella Murphy, Lois McCann. Dorothy Clifford, Grace. Smith, Florence Young, Margaret Moyle, Gervase O’Reilly, Wilfred Kearns, Tommie Quigg and Lome Kearns. The play was directed by Mrs. W. J. Boland, assisted by Mrs. P. Knox. Stage management was under the direction of Mrs. P. H. McCann, Mrs. P. Knox and Harry Moyle.
. An overtuie of Irish airs was rendered by the Kennedy orchestra, Jean Davis symbolized the humanitarianism oj the society in her recitation ‘The lied Cross
The first-act in-
/
- \
1
Muskrat Skins
2 trousers. Priced $19.50 to $27.50
Mens Shirts-----Forsyth make. Famous for
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
coloured. Priced from $1.65 to $2.00
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Many Attend Fnneral of William Kilroy
e Pulpwood Wanted
Spring Muskrat Skins V\ anted. Highest market pi ices paid.
. N. R. HORNER, Shawville, Que.
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
The funeral of William Kilroy, a pioneer resident of Bristol, was held Friday morning from his late residence to St. Edward the Con fessors Church, Maryland Rev.
J. Sullivan chanted the libera and interment was in the parish cemetery.
Mr. Kilroy was in his 80th year.
One of the oldest residents of Bristol, he was born and lived there all his life. He was a son of
S3 Xt	fwSal*
SSSH- .f
ed until last August, when he | order, three lights, storage battery, sustained a fall from whic h he Half Speeder Cutter, highest quality, never rallied His death occurred slightly used, cost $300.00. Sale price Tuesday evening	| for pair $75.00. Choice young Mares
Surviving besides his widow, the rtml Gelding®, special bargains. Middle-former Bridget Kelly, of Biistol ; age Driving Mare, extra good reader, are five sons, Bernard and George, j g,;o.00. of Detroit, Mich , William, at home, and Jame* and Michael, of Noranda. Que.; two daughters,
(Maigaret), Mrs. Harry Chabot, of Bristol Mines, and (Bee), Mis. J.
Roy. of Ottawa.
Phone 43
*
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 70
The Same Reliable Service
V
s

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
<•>

Spirit Speaks.” termission was brightened by the tap dancing of Margaret and Mona Kennedy. During the third act intermission little Leona Mul-doonand Mary Kennedy brought the spirit of St. Patrick to the audience with their rhythmic tapping and gay costumes. Theresa McColgan’s exquisite renditions of ‘•The River Shannon” and “111 take you home, Kathleen,” received with applause.
The evening’s receipts totalled
over $124.00

w •.%
Ford Service
>
Unofficial Report of Election in
Pontiac East
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils

J.P. Wilson
Apply to VV. J. SMITH
Renfrew, Ont. Reuben Smith, Shawvillc.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Fiche
McDonald
were
Carrier
POLL
Reference
102
27
21
A1 field No. 1
r»2
17
21
u
“ 2
li-
as
34
North Onslow No. 1 .
44 2
South Onslow “	1
• #
GO
ir>
44
44
Byrd Expedition Takes
Newest in Dairy Foods
n
67
19
• •
24
###**#
34
62
14 2 ...
41
44
• • • • • •
84
12t>
79
Qnyon, 2 polls Bristol
12
Some new dairy foods, not yet the market, will add variety to the diet of Admiral Byrd’s men during their stay in the Antarctic.
The new products were made in the laboratories of the Federal Bu-of Dairy Industry and repre-? efforts of dairy scientists
66
59
No. I . 2 . 41 3 . “ 4 . 14 5 . 44 1 . 2 . 41	3	.
44 4 . 44 5 . 44 1 * 14 2 -
8

34
on
4%
• •••••
• •
33
20
44
• •
20
08
30
41
2
28
25
14
1
37
59
Clarendop
r
25
41
73
reau
sen: t	...
to devise new ways to utilize skim
milk and whey as human food.
The list includes a new kind of dried pea soup, made with whey powder; a new kind of wafer to eat with the soup, which is a mixture of potatoes, skim milk, and salt; and new kinds of candies that contain whey solids.
In addition, the bureau sent a quantity of American cheese. The cheese was made and packaged in valve-vented cans, process that represents a relatively development in merchandising this type of natural cheese. Cured in (he cans, which vary in size from 12 ounces to five pounds, this cheese forms no rind, does not dry out or shrink, and is more convenient for small servings than the usual bulk cheese or large size and odd shape.
The dried soup is a precooked dry powder which makes a complete soup when one can of the powder is mixed with four cans of water and boiled. It contains 65 per cent split pea solids, 25 per cent whey solids, and 10 per cent fat. It has the advantage of being easily transported and quickly prepared, and it also keeps well. The dairy scientists expect that the fat it contains will remain free of rancidity for at least a year at room temperature or below.
The skim milk and potato wafers are somewhat similar to potato chips, but contain no fat and therefore do not become rancid. The wafers are made by drying or toasting a mixture of boiled potatoes, skim milk and salt.
Two kinds of candy—caramels and fudge—were made by formulas that include 25 per cent whey solids. The whey candy is superior in food value to ordinary candies, because the whey solids displace some of the cane sugar and corn syrup. It contains extra giilk sugar, milk salts,
soluble vitamins, less sweet than ordinary candy.
;
44
4
3(i
64
>
44
V
19
14
58
44
-
5
45
'
25
44
11
75
143
Shawvillc
44
Portage du Fort
Bryson ......... . •
Alleyn-Cawood’.... Dorion ..	.....
Church ..........
Calumet Island Nô 1
44	«4 it 2
13
51
187
20
81
32
30
55
23
\
2
71
47
8
100
8
t
34
\
36

\
106
49
32
rfy**
%
35
Cheddar
25
7



\
35
54
21
“	44 3
/ U 4 Campbell’s Bay 44 1
44	it 44	2
Litchfield
4

14
32
1
a
#
44
6

62
78
55


69
106
63
new
r I
22
i ,
10
41 1 44 2 44 3 41 4 41 5


0
10
24
44
• •
• e

35
130
22

U
101
06
8

44
i4:
33
12
44
• #
3
55
0
Leslie No 1 Bellmount Leslie & Clapham
Huddersfield.........
Thorne No. 1 .......

49
199
50
/
35

m
12
9
'"TRUCK OPERATORS are flock-J- ing to see and buy these new Chevrolet 1-Tonners. Because here’s the ideal answer to their own demand for a truck of medium capacity that compares with the lightest trucks in low price—low operating costs—and low upkeep. See the new 1-Ton PickUp and Panel Models. See how readily the Chassis and Cab will mount your own particular type of body. Come in and get a demonstration of these new 1-Ton Chevrolets that star in extra capacity, extra savings and extra long life.


17
04

34
>

3
10
12
44 2 ...
44
tfc \
e • •

48
122
43
Fort Coulonge, No. 1
ü “ 2
Mansfield, No. 1 ...

I
63
120
30
PS

38
94
1*
22
25%
24
9
“ 2 .
U
• # • •
40
154
32
“ 3

44
8
62
70
Waltham, No. 1	. . .
• • • •
12

14
0
“ 2
h
57
113
1
Chapeau ............
Allumette Island No. 1
w
20
54
13
103
74
13
“2 . .
44
44
-
43
59
13
41 3 44 4
44
1-TON PICK-UP DELIVERY—Unusually* large load space provides truck capacity with delivery car speed and economy. Three-man cab.
44
4
3
55
G
44
14
l
33
119
10
Chichester No. 1
44 2 Sheen, Esher .. Des Joachims .
25
5G
G
44
14
92
23
21
45
13


1G20
3381
1889
McDonald’s majority over Carrier —
McDonald’s majoiity over Fiche
At the time of going to press returns from the Northern part of the County were not available.

1-T0N PANEL DELIVERY—Featuring
high-quality Chevrolet-built body for style with durability. All-Steel construction.





V,
/
/J
1492
z"
- 1761



f
wvwvw.
4M*
• f
4

f
i
• .

I
\

I
il

¦F

F

t
milk albumin, and water-
Also it is slightly
Mrs. John Carson Dies Following Lengthy Illness
BRISTOL NEWS
*
!
%
m
4h*i

« | JSOs rzm s;
Hrtlbei son's mother, Mrs. Lyon Carson occurred Saturday evening, 1 11cas	I March 10th, at the home of her
Mr-. M.U H«»rty. of Vinton. I.	Cl,r'0"' Lin*'
sS*®-!' 5r.?toi ÆÆ: sS: snu-'s
Ha qua her i y.	Clarendon 76 years ago, the (laugh-
Mr. Lloyd Trudeau, oi Dtta\\a, ^ the late Mr. and Mi s. John spent the Easter vacation with hi- y|y pioneer settlers of the town-grand parents, Mr. and Mrs. llios. sj,jp She was the last of a family Trudeau.	often. In 1888 «lie married Mr.
Miss Cecilia Currie Mills s)>ent John Carson, who predeceased her the Easter vacation in Beloeil, about twenty yeai> ago. She had Que., the guest of her brother, Mr. lived in the home where she died Russell Currie*Mills.	for 52 years
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Rnssett, oi l Mrs. Carson was a member of Ottawa, visited relatives in Bristol Austin United Church, and was for the week end.	active in its work up to the time
Mrs. Peter Du a .	William, of Toronto ; also six
Miss Mildred McCann, of Otta^n,, grandchild: en. was a week-end guest or Mhh Mary	The funeral was held ou Tues
Smith.	i day afternoon, from the late home,
Mr. Richard Dumas visited | to Austin United Church. Ser-friends in Douglas for the week- j vice was conducted by Rev. C.
Armstrong Sales. Interment was




Vi
yJtSmmi
W ->y.

Presentation
*
No. 10 Clarendon Red Cross Unit met at the home of Mrs. Win. Dale on Thursday afternoon, the close of the meeting Miss Norma Dale, on behalf of the ladies, read an address and presented Mrs. Russell Grant with a sum of
money _L"	,	¦
of regret that Mr. and Mrs Grant
moving away from the community.
Though taken by sin prise Grant replied in a few well-chosen words and the ladies sang ‘Tor she’s a jolly good fellow.”
WON CHASSIS AND CAB
CRIlRDfl’S BIG Truck LIRE
50 MODELS
ID UJHEEliBRSES
At

Tailored * to-measure for mounting all popular body styles. With stake body, as illustrated, becomes the ideal truck for all-around service with lowest costs.

• •
it
i
• •
*#
f/2 TO
3 TONS

This was an expression
@5
W

are
. Mrs
ÇT-43B
*
JOHN L. HODGINS
FOR SALE
“ Tile-Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard Send ri Ige and rafter lengths for estl mate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd.
Quebec
Shawville
1833 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
end.
I
158449
