###PAGE###1###
'T
U
($1.50 per annum In Advance j 2.00 to the Unitic States
JULY 18 1940
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
SHAW VILLE
No. 5. 5bI-u Yeah
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Shingles—JttHt received n new stock of cedar shingles of «eventI grades. R. A. Grant, Bristol
Phone 24-5,
Bristol Busy Been Institute will meet at the home of Miss Beatrice Armstrong on Friday, J ni y h*, st 2BO p. m. Program — Paper by Misa Jessie .Macfarlane. Roll call —Name an Allied Leader.
Anniversary Service for St. An. dresv’s United Church, Bristol, -will tie held on Sunday, August 4th, with the annual suppei Monday evening, August 5th.
BORN
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
At Ottawa Civic Hospital, on Tuesday, July Kith, IUM, to Mr. and Mrs J. Allan Smith, of Charte» is, CJup., a «on. Both well.
Miss Hilda Wallace is spending a vacation with relatives in Ottawa. ;
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ren nick are visitjng their relatives in North Hay.
Miss Eleanor Chant is visiting her father, Mr. Harold Chant, in Toronto tins week.
Mrs. S. E. Hudson, of Chelsea, is visiting lier idatives in Bristol and Clarendon this week.
Mrs. Harold Hayward, of Montreal, is a guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs, H I mi son this week.
Dr. Cyril McDowell, of Toronto, is spending a vacation with Ids relatives in town and vicinity.
Miss Lois Hudgins spent the past week in Carleton Place, the guest of her cousin, Miss Ruth Hades.
Comer Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
ENGAGEMENT
Stephens—M c Donald
*
Mr. ai,(i Mrs. John O. Stephens, of Qnynn, announce the engagement of their daughter, Marjorie
John Melville
on
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
Ida Susan, to Mi McDonald, son of Mr. and Mrs. A. M. McDonald, of Noranda. Marriage to take place early in August.
Memorial Service, July 28th
The annual memorial service ot the Sim wville Cemeteries in being held on the cemetery grounds on Sunday a tier noon, July 28th, at 2.80 o’cloc k. Slmwville Boys Band will he in attendance, further announcement will bo made next, week. Friends are invited to beautify the graves of their loved ones for the occasion.
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E, COWLING President
JAMES A. MILLAR
B, A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawvillc, every Wednesday afternoon
MARRIED
/
> *
Hawkins - Rodions
On Saturday. July 13. MHO. at the Manse of Cushman Memorial Church, Aylmer, by Rev. H. G.
Lowry, Mae Dorothy, youngest] daughter ol Mr and Mr*. Samuel |
£	GARLAND O. R0WAT
Both of
Mrs Alex Olmsted, of Aylmer, week end visitor at the
was a
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs Austin McDowell.
Red Cross Provide Blankets For Refugee Children
EiiS|sl@»:E5
Quebec Provincial Division, that faWa, returned Sunday utter a some of the blankets intended lor two weeks furlough wit h his wile refugees and wounded soldiers iu | and children at Sand Buy,
Inis been asked by the Dimiininn t twa, has bent visiting liei motliet
(iuVHi'iiinoiit to loan a (|inmtity nf Mrs. John She|i|> ml mid other reblankets to equip the trains can y-1 latives in this district
hildren from Britain
Repair Agents For
FARM MACHINERY
VV. F Hawkins
Mr*
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
OfPK E-In the G. F. Horigins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Ottawa
i
H C. A b , Ot
Sharpk- Way
i
Est. C. J. Caldwell
A quiet but pietty wedding solemnized at the Pentecostal Church manse, Stalk's Corner*. By Rev A. Downing at two o clock .-„;j Fiifhiy afternoon, July 12th, JPJO, when Haz^l. eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs Harry Way, of Otter T.ake, (pie., became the bride of Mr. Lennis Sharpe, soil of Mr. Hud Mr*. HarrvShaipe. of Caldwell. Que Mi** Lillis Sharpe si-ter of the groom, and Mr. James Richardson acted as witnesses.
was

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
on
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
: Campbell’s Bay, Que In Lawn Block)
Or kick
Mi»* Ruth Jewell, of Montreal, i* spending a two weeks' vacation at the home of her sister. Mrs. Leslie Dean, Stark ? Corners.
in g overseas t to destinations in Canada.
“We shall have blanket*, sheet pillow cases, towels, and so mi,
portoni /rlvaVr Coil'lVrry said. I Mr and Mrs. Melvin ^yu-kens Among the blankets contributed family J*1;8. ^(«dys JJ ’	1
during the Canadian Red Cross Lap Ladillt* Gold Mines, Que , are appeal weie 2UJM.K) from the paper ’visiting relatives in this district.
companies of Canada. The Cana-	and Mrs. Ken Phillips, and
dian Red Cross Society Kre;lt,v daughter, Margaiet, of Ottawa, appreciates the genero-ity or an Lre visiting at the home of Mrs. those who answered the appeal. | Phillip’s parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Austin McDowell
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B
Haying Season
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
DIED
At his late residence, 35 Florence
on Tuesday
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
Street, Ottawa afternoon. July 10th, 1010, Mr. William Whurrey, in his 80th
year. The remains will he conveyed from Ottawa on Thursday morning and will rest at W. J. Hayes’ Funeral Home. Center, Street, Shawville. where the will be held at 2.30 p.m


Matters dealt with ^[correspondence
We have a splendid stock of
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT — BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Renfrew Fair
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Towsley
For the last tluee yea is, Renfrew »^y-
Agricultural Society has offered Mr. and Mrs. Va nance Lander as Draw prizes, a car each night ville and little daughter, Maralinet
the last three nights ot the 0f Ottawa, were week-end visitors At Ottawa Civic Hospital, on MonFair in September. This year, of the hitter's aunt, Mrs. Homan day morning, July 15, lUlO, Bella for patriotic reasons it has been yagg.	H.Mee, beloved wife ot William
EEiii mm m. mwm
September 11th, 12th and 13th. Austin section.	Cemetery, North Clarendon,
These Draws will be divided into Mr ftn(j Mrs Gordon Bradley, Que. one Certificate of $500 00, one ot of Three Rivers, Que , are spend-$200 00 and one of $100 00 each jng a vacation ac the home of Mrs.
mght.	Bradley’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. | pontia c Health Conference
The method of handling the Austin McDowell.
dealer in Renfrew and	I ontiac	Miss Marie Findlay, of b itzroy	‘	d on Monday with delegates
Counties, who has signified	his	Harbour, accompanied by hert from Shawville, Fort
^
merchants and dealers have been jay's uncle Mr. Geo. Prendergast.	opening session was pre-
advised that coupons are avail Mf ftn(i Mr8 Jo,m Wilson and sided over by Dr. C. F. U. Bowles H”,e<	children, of South Porcupine, are and the delegates were welcomed
_ AW .	»	visiting at the home of the latter’s	toShawville by Mr. R. r. Lades,
Large Gathering at	parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alex Haz	on	behalf of the mayor, and an
County Orange celebration zar^e and other relatives in this address was given by Dr. Janet K
*«,» rr-	__________
nil part* of the county nnd many Week eml guesta at the home of R giene vVelfnre of the Uanadian	àlCHOnU Mil
H.k.neilsoh, m.d.
Twelfth at Otter Lake on Friday Mr. Harry Bartlett, Mr. and Mrs. ' education of the people for Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist of last week.	flu . ... J E Bartlett and daughter, L Wer health conditions.
During the day the Shawville Audrey, of Ottawa	0n Tuesday addresses were
Bovs’ Band, under the direction Mrg j]owai(j Putman and little given on family healthi by Mrs, w. Mr. Irvin Swartz, furnished a	John ftnd william, of Johns- Reuben Smith, Reg. N., Shawville.
musical program. The procession t	Nl Y„ are visiting at the and on institutional and govern-
Bristol, assisted by Marshals Lari Qther relatives in town and county secretary treasurer, and Stephens and Eugene Martineau. . . «t	I Alex Sims, of Lennoxville,
Following the customary walk	y ____ ^______	Secretary of the Adult Education
i,l n,.a>a,.i. q wun ! heal til unit tor the County <' 1
Pontiac. The three members of i the committee selected were Dr. |
U, F C Powles, Dr. 8. J. McNally and Mrs. Dowd, of Quyon.
i
Haying Requirements
189 MAI* STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
i
service _	_
Interment at Starks Corners
Cc-iuetery.
Trip Rope,
Hay Fork Rope, Scythe Stones, Carborundum Stones
Forks,
Rakes,
Fork Handles, Thermos Bottles,
V\
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
on
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone 81.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST 609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8

INSECTICIDES
I
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Blue Stone,
Paris Green,
King Bug Killer,
Arsenate of Lime, Arsenate of Lead,
BELAIR 3 267
S
1C
of
Use the famous four-four-forty
( Bordeau Mixture )
4 pounds Bluestone
Arsenate of Lime
40 Gallons of Water
Farmers who use this mixture completely
eliminate Black Rot
ONT
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
4
a
»
>
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist

Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
du y was when John Richardson Howard lmi t his Ri m when the girth broke Armstrong,
the “King Billy” hoi>e, and he] Pearl Kilgour, lm Dawsoiu Owen
thrown and trampled. r“*	"™	'	......
Quebec
Shawville
on
was thrown mm uttmpimj. The Taber, Shirley Sly, Mac .Murray, occident was not very serious Susie Bin ber, Bel va Hodgins, Clan though it kept him from fulfilling I Rennick, Myrtle Hobm, Marilyn Ins duties as imushall.	Carson and Marjorie Murray.
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
I
01165865
###PAGE###2###
all day regardless of weather.
Of the colors of nicotlana, white has always been a favorite, possibly for Its value at dusk and for the accents of purity among colored flowers.
thrives, In poor soil It flourishes and in shade it blooms freely. Some of the old sorts are open only In the
morning, evening or days, but recently a new type lias been developed which remains open
They’re Tuning To Shoot The ’Chutera In England
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
a
on sunless
> s
iM


*
I
-
Wfc
ir

4
j This Curious World
By William Ferguson
LESSON II
JOB’S STRUGGLE TO FAITH IN LIFE AFTER DEATH Job 3 — 19
Printed Text, Job 14:13-17; 17:1316; 19:23-29
Golden Text — "As for me I know, that my Redeemer liveth." Job 19:26.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — Probably In the Mosaic or pre-Mosaic age.
Place — In the land of Uz, which was east of Palestine, and north of Edom.
In this lesson we find some of the most remarkable discourses o i the meaning of suffering the frailty of human life to be discovered in any literature of the world. We might dwell primarily on Job’s very * great need of a Savior, and hi* hope for a Savior to come, noting how the New Testament is a glorious and divine reply to so many of the questions here raised by this ancient patriarch.
THE DISCOURSES Job’s complaint in Chapter Three Is the point of departure for the whole controversy which follows. Those seven days of silent suffering and brooding have wrought a big change in the patriarch’s frame of mind. Hip habitual trust in God Is not destroyed; but it is overclouded and shaken. With Chapter 4 commences the first cycle of the speeches la the discussion which is now entered upon. Each of the three friends is allowed to have his say, and is answered in due course by Job. The order followed in this cycle is continued In the two iol-lowing ones.
Briefly the argument of these three friends is that suffering is a punishment for sin. Holding this view, they are confronted with the case of Job. who is a good man. LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS Job replies in a general way to his three friends declaring that he is not guilty of great sin as charged. Job ttirus upon his friends, and pours scorn and sarcasm upon them. Then, turning away from them, he determines at all costs to make his appeal to God and plead his cause before him. either as defendant or plaintiff, he cares not which ; and so, as if rehearsing ills intended speech. As he rehearse** what would be his blessing, he forgets ifrs own sorrows in the recollection of the sorrows of mankind: and now for the first time there gleams for him a light which flashes over all the darkness which sur-/ rounds him. What If there be a life ::	beyond the grave, where the right-
eous rescued out of Sheol by the hand of God, shall enjoy hi#, favor forever?
Job 14:
13. Oh that thou wouldest hide »"	me in Sheol,
That thou wouldest keep me secret, until thy wrath be past,
That the* wouldest appoint me a set time, and remember me!
'	14. If a man die, shall he live
again?
All the days of my war'are would 1 wait,
Till my release should come.
15.	Thou wouldest call, and I would answer thee:
1 Thou wouldest have a desire to ;	the work	of	thy hands.
16.	But now thou numberest my
¦	steps:
* Dost thou not watch over my sin?
17.	My tra egression is sealed up
;	in a ba*.	.
And thou fas truest up mine iniq-
f-




m
~4 v î
-
mwiï
<*¦




SF3WR
-
a
^ ‘Z W#
IA
f
ABOUT
T£/V
M/LJ-/OW
SQUARE MILES

6Fv



7.
i
Mv
>
xw
là»

!!?•**<*
ft
.-.-V


-
so rfagg:
still are:
UNEXPLORED
BV MAN.
\
r_
(
8
6



^/i\\
I



*»
7

/*
. »




v«


WT ":ü
A detachment of “ftarashots,” organization designed U “take care" of parachute troop* that may be dropped in the expected invasion of England, is shown at practice under the supervision of a gunnery expert somewhere in England. The parashots are using rifles and shotguns, ammunition being supplied by the government. Targets are clay pigeons and toy balloons.
t
*
mmnf*'-
<?14
m
:
4) 1937 BY NE* SERVICE. INC.
CONTRARY TO POPULAR. OPINION.

although thev are small
AND INCONSPICUOUS

mighty resurgence of his faith in the true God — a faith which now mounts into the full assurance that after his death God will publicly appear among men as his vindicator, and that lie will have the rapture of being recalled to hear his innocence proclaimed and to see the face of his Redeemer.
Job 19:
23.	Oh that my words were now
written!	,
Oh that they were inscribed in a
book!
24.	That with an Iron pen and lead
They were graven in the rock forever!
25. But as for me I know that my Redeemer liveth,
And at last he will stand up upon the earth:
26.	And after my skin, even this body, is destroyed.
Then without my flesh shall I see God;
27.	Whom I, even I, shall see, on my side,
And mine eyes shall behold, and not as a stranger.
My heart is consumed within me. 28. If ye say, How we will persecute him!
And that the root of the matter is found in me;
29. Be ye afraid of the sword:
For wrath bringeth the punishment of the sword.
That ye may know there is a judgment.
RADIO REPORTER
IN SOME SPECIES

¦x
I
By DAVE ROBBINS
o
o
o° ° f

?

Chuhaldin on Sundays at seven p.m.; “Appointment with Agostini/’ 9.30 on Sunday evenings; “in the Music Room/' with string tr.'o and vocalist, at 11.30 p.m. Mondays, and Strings," at 9.30 p.m. on Wednesdays.
Music with a foreign flavor reaches the National Network with Henri Miro’s
8.30	p.m. on “Along Gypsy Trails,” conducted by Leon Zuckert, at 8.30 p.m. on Thursdays.
For those who enjoy band music, there is the famous band of His Majesty’s Canadian Grenadier Guards under the leadership of Capt. J. J. Gagnier, at
7.30	p.m. Sundays, and the Toronto Symphony Band from 8.30 to 9.00 p.m. on Mondays.
—O-- —
NOTES AND NEWS
An unusual and pleasing program is offered by the Columbia chain each week-day morning at
9.30	when Richard Maxwell, tenor-philosopher, is presented.
This personable artist combines songs and philosophy in a manner that will please you.
SUMMER MUSIC

While not forgetting radio’s serious wartime responsibility for providing adequate news cover-well-informed commentators, all possible assistance to the


• i
v
y//k

age, anti
nation’s war effort, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation has arranged a summer schedule unusually uch in music of all kinds —classical, l\eht orchestral, and popular.
Symphonic njiisic is represented by f«.ur outstanding orchestras — the Columbia Broadcasting
“Serenade for
°o
THE. AVERAGE	- «
W	AMERICAN HOME	vU*
contains	24- ARTICLES MADE IN	^
JAPAN/ fAME&CAM FIAGS. TOYS,	ETC.)
THE Antarctic comprises half of tire earth's unexplored territory. Other great areas are in the Arctic regions, many islands of northern Canada, and large areas in the Canadian mainland. The*# also are unexplored lands in northern Siberia, Tibet, Arabia, to# mountains of the Himalayan chain. Africa, Australia and
South America.
NEXT: Arc birds of both North and South America closet? related to those of the old world?
“Sevillana,” at Wednesdays, and
/*-
high
Symphony, an exchange feature, is heard on Sundays at 3.00 EDST; the summer series of ten concerts by the Winnipeg Summer Symphony orchestra conducted by Geoffrey Waddington is broadcast on Wednesdays, 11.15
p.m. EDST, and on Thursdays, at 9.00 p.m., Les Concerts Symphoniques de Montreal, with guest conductors, alternate with the Toronto “Prom” concerts, by the Toronto Philharmonic orchestra conducted by Reginald Stewart.
The wide range of light concert and chamber music groups includes the CBC String Orchestra, conducted by Alexander
1
#
CANADIAN OFFICIAL
Answer to Previous Pitxste
15 Important industry in his land.
17	Sickly.
18	Persian ruler,
20	Outer garment.
21	He is also of state.
HORIZONTAL
1 Leader in the Dominion of Canada.
12 Sacred interdiction.
m
;
a «
MAP OF
!*SI
CUBA
MfflCaj

13	Rowing tools.
14	Midday meal.
16	Consumed.
17	Monastery inhabitant.
18	Shoulder
J For something different you *| should tune in “Stranger than
a novelty program
H S!



Canadian Destroyers In British Waters
Fiction”
from CROC daily at six o’clock. Tflis presentation features life’s oddities.

23	To thrive.
24	To jog.
25	Evils.
26	Contest for a prize.
27	Dined.
28	Man’s stocking.
30	Ireland.
31	Three-toed sloth.
32	Tinge.
35	Incrustation* on teeth.
36	Broth.
37	Packer.
8	Electric term. 40 Citric fruit.
9	Ethereal fluid. 42 Want.
43 Thus.
45 To piece out. 47 Sun god.
49 Northeaster a.
is
movement.
19	To putrefy.
20	Snug.
21	Begone!
22	Half an em
23	To pierce with horns.
I
I

Every week-day the Columbia network presents House”—a life. For women radi-o fans we suggest you try this show—it’s a. 10.30 each morning from any C olumbia station.
“Hilltop fine drama of real
36 Wickedness.
38	Cistern.
39	Upon.
40	Behold.
24	Drop of eye 41 Work of skill, fluid.
25	Musical note. 43 Slight taste.
26	Arabian.
27	Mischievous.
28	Membranous bag.
29	One who negotiates.
32	Balsam.
33	Brawl.
34	Pertaining to diet.
VERTICAL
1	Stone cutter.
2	To foment.
3	Fish.
4	Measure.
5	Hangman's halter knot.
6	Silly fellow.
7	To bore.
t
f
f



*
42 Chaos.
Along the air lanes—Monday —Jerry ef the Circus from CBC at 5 . . . Stranger than Fiction on CROC at 6 . . . Tune up Time via WGR-CBS at 8 . . . Song Spinners from WOR at 9.45 . . . Wednesday—Blue Grass Brevities WHAS-Columbia at 7 . . . Back Stage with radio at CROC 8.30 . . . Summer Symphony from Winnipeg via CBC at 11.15 . . . Friday
a
44	Right.
45	Contraction,
7



ever.
46 He is -----
Minister of Canada.
48 Inhabitant of 10 Roman U. S. A.
50	Maple shrub. 11 Antelope.
51	Pastoral pipe. 12 Soup dish.



&

! 4b
a
it
-V

t
A
empetor.
on


*
a
i -
»
> &


v
fir
Little Orphan Annie WOR-Mutual at 5.45 . . . Grand Central station from WGR at 9.30	. . . Woodhouse and
Hawkins on CBC at 11.30 . . . Saturday tual at 9.15 . . . Luigi Rcmanelli from CBL at ten.
o
* I


fei

on

A

mm
uity.

H
k
DOWN INTO SHEOL
In the second discourse of Eliph-ai, Job is accused of vanity, recklessness, arrogance, etc. Job replying declares that his friends are miserable comforters — God is a jrltnc-sgfh heaven of his innocency. Job then expresses the belief that men have found God by going all through hell. 17:3. If i look for Sheol as my house; If I have spread my couch in the darkness; 14. If 1 have said to corruption, Thou art my Father; to the'worm, Thou art my mother, and my sister. 15. And where then is my hope? And as for my hope, who shall see it? 16. It shall go down to the bars of Sheol, when once there is vest in the dust. The “pit” is in Hebrew “Sheol”. and as a great subterranean prison-house it has bars or bolts, for it has also gates. Sheol is In the Old Testament the place to which the dead go. It is often spoken of as the equivalent of the grave, and it carries with it the meaning of total cessation of life itself.
JOB'S FAITH
In Chapter 19 we have Job’s gieat confession of faith. Bildad’* second discourse has the effect of laising Job’s mental suffering to the point of anguish, for it leaven him haunted with the feeling that in God’s wide universe, he hasn’t a single friend. But his mind, under the pressure of these intolerable thoughts Is aroused to the utmost possible activity, and achieves the noblest triumphs. In this extremity his faith performs its greatest miracle. He believes that he Is about to die, meeting, to all appearance s sinner’s doom ; but he knows in his own conscience that he will die Innocent ; and at the thought of his iiuu^4Mxco Ihèïê D a swift and
;
Hawaii calls on Mu-
I
m
< «
*
»
V"
Nicotiana Lovely Summer Flower
ê

Among the loveliest of half-forgotten flowers of our grandmother's day is the nicotiana. Its delicate perfume, which is a combination of all garden sweetness, Is one of the joys of summer evenings when the charming narrow petaled flowers gleam like stars against a background of shrubbery.
Nicotiana is an annual which comes up each year from seed aud will grow anywhere. In sun it also
t
mm*

%

¦SB
I



¦I
&
*
i
m*
it
m
Released by the British Ministry of Information, this picture shows of the Royal Canadian Navy coming ashore at a British port from of the first Canadian destroyers to arrive in British waters.
I

wm
¦
' U v>.
I
i
men
one
1:
By J. MILLAR WATT
V
POP—Foolish Question—Foolish Answer

DOG S NT TME O UN GfrT WET YYMEN TOU
WE- JUST ASSIGN A
COUPLE OP TW& OFFICERS TO
MOLD umbrellas
i OVER IT!

/£*
<lO,
9
'
JR
I
SUOM&RGC
X
\


Li
96


38

%
F







I

z
/-fO
V 4
###PAGE###3###
4
U. S. Dive Bombers Arrive In Canada—Destination, Great Britain
Jim
- HAVE • YOU HEARD?

f


?
BU

¦f*
{Jic rrutit
s#
I
Mi
I

+
A man who had met a friend m the street, was boring him with a long-winded account of his dog’s virtues. Suddenly a cat stalked majestically across the road.
“Chase him !” cried the man to his dog.
The dog yawned, looked on with a bored expression and did not attempt to move.
Red of face, the owner continued to urge him to chase the cat, but without any success. Finally, in desperation, he turned to his friend and said:
“There, what would you make of a dog like that?’*
“Sausages,” murmured the other gravely.
#1 *
y*»

K
s
*




THAT'S EASY
/

% V

«

*
x
BIC BEN!
MP

/
#



7

/
I



i
/

%

?

»
»



X
•r*
»
I
«?


O


—0—
“WTiat
The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
m
Hubby:
you
doing with my Encyclopedia Britannica ?”




m
looking for
Wife:
“I'm
son succeeded in dislodging several bricks. There, hidden on the other side, lay the realization of his dreams. Valuable silver plate —only waiting for them to take

New Air Lines To South Pacific
«FFF
something.”
*
“Can’t you use a
Hubby:
ladder or a chair?”
This photograph showing United States Curtis dive bombers being wheeled down a road upon landing at an airport on the Atlantic coast of Canada, after being flown directly from across the border, was taken just before France signed the armistice. With France as their original destination, machines such as these will probably be taken over by Great Britain.
—o
Two workers settled down to eat their dinner. One began unwrapping a large parcel at which the other stared in surprise.
“Wot’s that?” he asked.
“Well, it’s like this. My missus is away, so I thought as I’d make myself a pie.”
“Bit long, ain’t it?”
“Oh, I dunno, it’s rhubarb.”
it.
Were Opened This Month, to Argentina snd Australia
I
They gloated over their find. But just as they were considering how they should spend the money it would realize, there came a furious ring, and their next-door neighbor bounced in.
“What do you mean by breaking into my dining-room cupboard?” he gasped.
— 0--
A little girl, a refugee in England from Belgium, had listened in vain for a familiar voice. Suddenly she . heard a dog bark. With delight she exclaimed (in French):
“Oh, mamma! the dogs talk just like they do in Belgium !”
#
?
Foster Parents’ Responsibility
HEALTH
TOPICS
Modem
Etiquette
Pan-American Airway* have started trans-oceanic service over 8,000 mile* of the South Pacific to Australia at the same time inaugurating a daily plane schedule to Argentina.
New schedules provide a four and a half day service between San Francisco and Los Angeles and Auckland, New Zealand, with stops at Honolulu, Canton Island and Noumea. The Argentine time service started on July 1st, that to New Zealand, carrying only mail at first, July 12th.

Canadians offering the hospitality* of their homes to refugee children from the British Isles must do so "with their eyes open and a full realization of the heavy responsibilities implied.1” Miss Charlotte Whltton, secretary of the Canadian Welfare Council, warned last week.
“The Canadian people will therefore realize that it will not be desirable to place these little visitors within our gates in any home that Is itself receiving relief or other forms of social aid, or where the child's help' in house or farm work is sought for its money value,'* she said.
"Homes where there are aged persons only or single unit homes with unmarried heads, cannot be thought of as ordinarily offering the background and experience to give the child the understanding and companionship that he or she will need. Lonely children especially must not be left to themselves.”

BY ROBERTA LEE
CAUSE OF ULCERS
Underfeeding causes stomach ulcers, and good food, plus vitamins and especially vitamin C, cures the ulcers quickly.
PUBLIC ENEMIES
Avoidable accidents and illnesses are casualties which should be regarded as forms of fifth-column activity and our national health discipline must be stiffened against them, in the opinion of Dr. I. P. S. Cathcart, thief neuropsychiatrist of the Department of Pensions and National Health, Ottawa who has given much study to maintenance of wartime health.
Dr. Cathcart also advocates a campaign against causes of indigestion as a wartime contribution to national fitness.
“An indigestible mother-in-law at table causes more digestive trouble than a badly cooked meal,” he declares, and he brand** as a mistake” the fast tempo at meal times produced by radio news flashes, eating “on call” and all forms of unnecessary chatter and clatter of dishes.
Campaign vs. Indigestion
The noted psychiatrist has bracketted preventable sickness, avoidable accidents and peptic ulcers as public enemies requiring special wartime health measures. He declares that stock must be taken of our way of living if Nazidom is to be defeated, and points to the fact that every unnecessary accident, illness and upset taking up hospital space and medical services, j8 an attack behind the lines of defence.
When
•ays:
“And that isn't all!” you know she's just starting.
a woman
Q What, might he called the outstanding fault of a poor conversationalist?
A. Inattention to what ihe other person Is saying. A poor conversationalist is usually so absorbed in what he is anxious to say. that he pays little attention to what bln foinpanion is talking about.
(J What should a hostess say when a dinner guest tells her how much he enjoyed the evening?
A. “I am very happy that you could come, and I hope we shall e$+ you again soon.
y. What is the proper time before a wedding to send a gift?
A. Ten days to two weeks.
y. When a woman has made a day s trip in a Pullman, and the porter has been very attentive, just what would be a suitable tip?
A. Twenty-five to fifty cents.
Q If a young man is taking a girl out to dinner, should he ask her where she would like to tat?
A. This is not necessary. It Is the roan's priviledge to decide beforehand where lie is doing.
y What should a rvan wear at a very formal luncheon?
A. Conventional day dress.
o
Rawlinson felt that the warning was no longer to be unheeded. Many times he had felt that concealed somewhere in his flat was a quantity of valuable sliver.
“You are right, John,” said Mrs. Rawlinson; “we must hunt for it.”
That night they spent a considerable time in knocking the walls to find a hollow place. At last they hit upon it, and after some artistic manipulation of a chisel and a coke-hammer Rawlin-
•or Money leek
Probably the only island whose inhabitants, normally about 700, now consist solely of women and children is Molene, off the coast of Brittany. Every one of its men was called for service in jhe French army.
for qniek relief from itching of Irto’s foot, melee, ecabico, rishee end other exteraeliy eeused akin trouble#, urn world-famous, cooling, enti-rnptie, liquid D. D. D. Preemption. Greeiel ¦tamtom. Boothe* irritation and quickly atop# in me. 35* Inal bottle proves it, or money back. Ask rdruggiet today for 0. D. D. MW&WPTION.
• »
Meh
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
FERTILIZER
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
AGENTS WANTED
ST'PERTITE STEEL SHEETS COST Jess, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited, 16 Nelson Street, Sarnia, Ontario.
PL RE, UNLEACHED HARDWOOD Ashes for Fertilizer. One Thousand ton. FREE CIRCULAR. Geo. Stevens, Peterborough. Ontario.
AGENTS WANTED TO REPREK-ent "The Old. Reliable Fonthill Nurseries." Exclusive territory in town or country. Liberal terms paid weekly. Handsome free outfits. Stagne and Wellington, Toronto.

*
What Science! Is Doing j
SPANIEL PUPS
COCKER SPANIEL PUPPIES. PURE fired. Golden, red, white and gold.
McGrat-
EXTERNUNATOR
BAKER 1 EQUIPMENT
Tan Dollars. Marguerite tan. Franktown, Ontario.
"DERPO" BUG KILLER — 85c. Exterminates bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, and ticks.
At Eatons, Simpson’s. Tamblyns, Jp-r-a! dealers oç Derpo Products. Toronto.
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHIN-•ry, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 L’athurst St.. Toronto.	__________
» «P *
QUICK ACTION HOME COURSE
EFFECT OF WEATHER
The weather ha* a profound effect on man's mind.
Evidence that the condition of the Insane changes markedly with meteorological changes was presented last month before the American Medical Association.
The phenomenon is due, it was concluded, to difference If) oxygen tension in the tissues, which in turn Is affected by the kind of air breathed.
His Death A Mystery
FREE WITH EVERY STRING IN-wtrument. Send for big No. S3 catalog. Instrumente exchanged, repaired. Peats Musical Co„ 1481 Mansfield. Montreal.
BABY «HICKS
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
IT IS HARD TO BEAT THIS COM-blnatiou — High Quality Chicks at low prices, all Government Approved from bloodtested breeders. Effective July 16 th. Standard Quality White Leghorn chicks 16.95, 90 per cent. Pullets $13.90, Cockerels $1.45, Barred Rocks, Mew Hemps $7.46, Pullets $10.86. Barred Rock Cockerels $6.76, New Ramp Cockerels
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN MAK-tng money? Start a business of your own at home In spare time. Valley Field Sales Company, P.O. Box 692, Toronto.
FURNITURE FOR SALK
FREE
catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back guarantee. Wholesale Furniture, Dept. 466 Bathurst St. Toronto.__
FURNITURE BARGAINS
3F
FREE OFFER
*
» 1
FREE I 60c SILK TOILET CASE with two pairs full-fashioned Leading Lady" all-silk stockings. Best $1.00 Hose. Toilet Case and Stockings only $2.00. Postpaid. Mention size and colour. RETALLACK, 166 Yonge, Toronto.
*
*
¦
| $6.50. White Rocks. Hybrids. Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Hamps x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x New Samps, White Leghorns x Barred Rocks $7.95. Pullets $11.35, Cockerels $7.76. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to 30 ounce eggs add one cent. Day-old turkeys 31 cents. Free catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
• •
MEN AND WOMEN WANTED
1
Scellent direct selling
opportunity — exclusive territory, rights for live-wire ambitious men and women, selling a line of guaranteed quality products. Send for our Plan and catalogue TODAY. Famllex Products Company, 870 St Clement St.. MONTREAL.
uYf
ARTIFICIAL EAR WORKS
Invention of an artificial ear, like a bird's, for humans Is described as successful. When a patient 1s being fitted, the artificial ear is placed well into the bony external canal until it is inside the region where it might be disturbed by motions of the jaw.
The patient experiences greatly Increased acuity of hearing and usually him voice quality changes immediately.
;
f
\AJ v
How Con I?
DOGS WANTED

•y
PUPS:	UTTERS. SINGLES,. ST-
Bernard. Newfoundland, Kuvasz (Hungarian Shepherd), DaVmatv Ian, Doberman Pincher, Great Pyrenees, Schlpperke. Reasonably priced. Write full Information. James R. Coffey. 171 Crescent St.. Northampton. Mass.

!
BY ANNE ASHLEY
i
TURKEYS
<
«
TWEDDLK HIGH QUALITY Government Approved Chicks at rock bottom prices, effective July 1st. Leghorns $7.45, 90 per cent. Pullets $14.90, Cockerels $1.60. Barred Bocks, New Hamps $7.95, Pullets $11.95, Cockerels, Barred Rocks $6.95. New Hamps $6.46. Ten other breeds and five Hybrid crosses to choose from. Started chicks, capons. Turkeys. Four weeks to twenty week old free range pul-
Tw eddle
TURKEYS SHOULD SHOW PROFIt* this season. Bray's day-old, started, attractively priced. Use your empty brooder-house to raise poults for Thanksgiving and Christmas trade. Bray, 180 John N.t Hamilton._____________
Q. How can I make- a useful glue that will stick paper or cloth to metal, wood or glass?
A. Dissolve one tablespoon of ordinary cooking gelatine in from 2 to 2*4 tablespoons of boiling water: boil a few seconds and add a little sugar while it is still hot.
Q. How can I prevent olive oil from becoming rancid?
A. Add two medium-sized lumps of sugar to each quart of olive oil as soon as it Is opened to keep it from becoming rancid.
Q. How can 1 prevent a blister on the heel when shoes slip?
A. Rub paraffin or soap on the stocking. Within a short time the slipping will stop.
Q. How can I clean brass fixtures?
A. Sponge the fixtures with hot vinegar and salt, rinse with soapsuds, and polish with flannel or chamois moistened with a few drops of paraffin or sewing machine oil. Fly specks may be removed by sponging with alcohol.
Q. How can I prevent jar tops from sticking?
A. Rub melted wax on the inside screw covefr When ready to open, pour hot water over the top of the jar to melt the wax.
X
4*14
NOVELTIES
26 "HAPPY" BA LIIONS 26 CENTS. Hundred 76c. Fourteen “Funny" Spiral Balloons 25c. Hundred for $1.60. Assorted colours. Postpaid. Bazaars. Decorations. Advertising. Conventions, Picnics. Parties. Agents Wanted. RETALLACK, 156 Yonge. Toronto.
1
&
ni
"â/
PHOTO FINISHING
g
FIND NEW VITAMIN
Discovery of a new vitamin, provisionally termed vitamin M and found in liver, was disclosed last
week.
The vitamin protects against nutritional cytopenia, a reduction of hemoglobin and the red and white blood cells, its discoverer said, and may be of value In combatting bacillary .dysentery.
HEART, A POWERHOUSE
A discovery that the heart is a powerhouse of negative electricity was announced recently to the Am •lean Association for the Advance-ent of Science.
The discovery was interpreted by Its author* as a new explanation of the workings of metabolism, which is the energy production of living tissues.
NEW CHEMICAL AMONG STARS
Discovery of a new "heavenly hydro-carbon" by Mt. Wilson and Canadian observers was last week described as important by two Harvard astronomers who said the finding showed the first combination of elements in interstellar space and also revealed the presence of prevIousIv-unUetççtçj carbon In that area of tne.heavens.
"The discovery of this molecule $n space -7 It might be termed a ‘heavenly hydro-carbon' — is Important in its contribution to our knowledge of the make-up of the universe, because hitherto, only un combined elements had been detected ip the space between the star*"
FREE! You Can Now Own
lets. Free catalogue.
Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
I
a,
X
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 26c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J, Toronto.
X
QUALITY BEST STRAINS OBTAIN-
Rocks and White
a#
FILMS
able. Barred Leghorns. Pullets and Yearlings. Niagara Poultry Farm, Niagara-on-the-t-rfike.
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH ORders over 20c. Roll films developed and 8 prints 25c. Reprints Sc. The quality of our work has kept our customers across Canada satisfied for over 10 years. Starnaman Co., Weber SL E, Kitchener. Ont.
Air Marshal Italo Balbo, once one of Benito Mussolini’s closest friends and current governor of l»ibya, was killed in an air battle over Tobruk, Libya, it was announced in Romeo Balbo led a mass airplane flight from Italy to America in 1934. The manner of hie death was seriously questioned in other European capitals.
YOU RECEIVE THE WORTH OF your money when you buy Johnson’s chicks. They are bred to lay and are good table fowl. Prices for June and to the end of the season: Rocks 8 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 1* cents, cockerels 7 cents. Leghorns * cents, 90 per cent, pullets 1.7 cents, cockerels 2 cents. All are blood tested. Hocks are bred from OB.8. stock. Leghorns are the Barron strain. Safe arrive 1 guaranteed. 10 per cent, with order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus. Ont.
W. A.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE
YOUTH
Training offers free domestic service course to young women be tween sixteen and thirty years of age. For further Information apply In writing to Supervisor, Home Service Training School. Dept, of T*akor, Parliament Buildings, Toronto.
DOMINION-PROVINCIAL
<
i
SU MMER SALE
K
LYONS*

Alaska Gains Airline Link
<
JULY CLEARANCR RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
$3*1.00 «’omplete 10-piece living room outfit, 8 piece Chesterfield suite, upholstered In brown mohair, bridge lamp and shade, end table, silk cushion, table lamp and shade and modern metal smoker.
$59.00 Modern 9-piece dining room suite, completely reflnlshed in 2-tone walnut, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and leather upholstered chais.
$19.50 Kitchen outfit, buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs In Ivory-enamel with black trim and new 6x9 congolenm rug.
$49.00 Chesterfield bed suite. 3-pcs., (Kroehlor) upholstered in novelty repp, figured reversible Marshal spring cushions, complete with new mattress.
$17.50 Studio couch, upholstered In rust shade repp, with back and spring filled mattress. Easily converted Into twin beds.
All goods com
BRAY SUMMER «'HICKS AVAIL#, able. They look like moneymakers with British markets open for Canadian food supplies. See what you'll need and order well in advance. Some breeds immediate shipment. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N.. Hamilton.
/
V ;
PERSONAL
QUIT TOBACCO SN1JFF EASILY, pensively. Home remedy. Testimonials Guaranteed. Advice free Bartlett's Box 1. Winnipeg.
Air-minded Alaska, where planes long have been I11 use as ambulances and emergency carriers, was the last of Uncle Sam's far-flung territories lo forge an airline link with the States.
Pan-American Airways' "Alaska Clipper" leaving Seattle at 10 a m. reaches Ketchikan five hours liter, •pauses for half an hour, then con-
19 /wneyk	It
ith the cargo
{ '
Inez
BUY QUALITY CHICKS. EASY TO raise, the stand-by of thousands of poultrykcepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches a week to take rare of prompt shipment, stock. Selling Farms * Hatcheiy, Elmira. Ontario.
SiX
SALESMEN WANTED
MAKE $5.00 A DAY! SELLING EX-elusive lines of Lingerie, Dresses and Men’s Wear. Highest commissions paid. Thousands of satisfied customers. Write quickly. MORRIS TEXTILES CO moml Building. Montreal.
breeding
Vigorous


The
Drum-
END OF THE SEASON SALE OF Top Notch High Quality Chicks from carefully banded bloodtest-ed breeders. Standard Quality white T^ghorn Chicks 16.45, 90 per cent Pullets $13.40. Cockerels 41 45. Barred Rocks. New Hamps |S.tr»e Pullets *10.45. Cockerels New Hnmps $6.25, Barred Rocks $6 90. White Rocks, Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Hamps x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x Barred Rocks. White foghorns x Barred Rocks $7.45, Pullets $ 11.45. Cockerels $7 90. Large F?g Quality from 25 ounce eggs c<M one cent. Bigger Profit
ts. Top Notch Chick-

•I
SAFES

sa
¦m
Prelect peer BOOK* 11 ml CASH frees
have a else end type ef Safe, or Cablaet. for wey purpoer.
, or write for priée*.
Dept. W,
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
0 p in., >v nit, r airmail a ml passe
FIRE .«ml THIEVES. We
lenity^, fii the
Visit ftf. to
north-
« Another thâptér land's colorful 11-year aviation Ms-
When
pletely
ed. guaranteed absolutely clean, anl sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
recondition-
New
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS. POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic H o 1 • I • .
Used
lory is now being written, flail' Kieleen flow the first ship

J fifJ.TAYLOR LIMITED
TCtomo SAFE works
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
1
;
1
in the territory In 1924, dog teams ronfctIMited I ho speediest means of t tan sport* t ion lo many isolated
t
Kxrhasce Servie#,
4
1

14.1 I rani Ml. K., Toronto ' i:*l*l»ll»Ur«l SKIS
Radiators
1
4
<tat|gfs4tlM
Gl
ISSUE 28—*40
âdd tv h ertes, Guelph, Ontario.
r* ;
Levy A ate Parla, Dept. I., Twrvale.
)
4
i

:
i
4
###PAGE###4###

4 e/


cost of work which must be continued under the “peace-time” programme ; administration and campaign costs, etc
SHAWVILLE, JULY 18, 1940 j Expenditures under the last two head
ings have been email, the president said. _	, A balance of $311,000 on hand will
Witb Tne r orces	I only be sufficient to-meet expenditures
——	,	juntil the next campaign is held and Col
Increased camp accommodation and a p„rry explained that, in view of the step-up in the output of the uniforms European situation, practically all of by lanadiau factories is receiving the this will be needed for war work. When attention of the government in prépara- tbe fina| counting of the $050,000 is tion for the training of many thousands made it ia expected that at least 90 per of young Canadians this summer, These c<înj 0f (he amount subscribed will have will be recuits for the Non Permanent , been used for war work alone.
Active Militia or draftees under the j jn announcing the campaign date, National Resources Mobilization Act. Coj perry 9ajd Hed Cross has done The Canadian Active Service I4orce magnjficent work since war started and gets first call on training facilities, while particularly since the invasion of several the militia is given preference over the European countries by Germany, men called up for compulsory training uAa emergency calls have come in for home defence.	they have been met by the Quebec
Recruiting for the C.A.S.F., which is I Division,” he said. “Warehouses have proceeding at the rate of about 1,000 i been emptied of supplies. Every remen a week was given added impetus , ^,^ce of Red Cross has been used to by Hon; J. L. Ralston s announcement	the calls of the last few months
that 40,000 more recruits were needed. |a„d specially the last few weeks. Rut A large proportion of these will be re , Red Cross could never have done what cruited by infantry battalions of the j jt baa unless the public had subscribed C.A.S.F. now serving outside Canada, ,iS generously as it did in the campaign which have been authorised to raise |agt pa|)
battalion for home or overseas service. "Today the Allies are fighting a Iu addition the 90 units of the un- dt*sDerate battle on the outcome of mobilised Non Permanent Active Militia wbicb may reat the future status of the have been authorzed to recruit to full RrjtisL Commonwealth of Nations. As wartime strength.	This entails	only	(hia	batlIe and (be	war continue the
service at home, unless tne recruit	sub-	Red	Cross must be ready at all times to
sequently volunteers for service overseas mect increasingly heavy demands. It
with the C.A.S.F.	can, however, only meet these demands
Announcement of the mobilization of jf it bas sutficient funds available, a Canadian Forestry Corps for service uTbe pub]|C realizes the seriousness overseas has been announced by Hon. 0f tbp European situation J. L. Ralston. Brigadier General John lb wi„ understand, too, the part that B. White, D.S.O., E D , who command- mU3t be ahouldered by Red Cross and ed the Canadian	Forestry Corps in	tbat	the measure of	Red Cross work can
France during the	last war and	was	on,	be determined	by the extent of
Deputy Director of timber operations contributions in the next campaign.” with the British Armies, will command the corps. Twenty companies will be raised in various parts of Canada, six of them immediately with headquarters at Kingston, Montreal, Quebec, Saint John,
Winnipeg and Victoria.
THE EQUITY
SHUR-GAIN
HOC CONCENTRATE
i
Horigins Garage
hi
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
<<

j

For More Hog- Profits
r:
!
ft************************************************

The increased production of Hoars should encourage the farmer to feed ina much more efficient way in order to deliver to the maket a product of the highest quality at lowest cost and in the shortest period of time.
Provincial statistics on the raising of Hog- forecast an increase of 40 percent, in the hog population this spring.
A great quantity of grain will be required to feed the extra Hogs, but a certain amount can be saved if Hogs are fed properly.
Hogs when fed grains alone will consume 1,100 pounds of grain to reach 200 pounds in weight. If fed the Slmr-Gain way it takes only 050 pounds of grain and 50 pounds of Shur Gain 41 per cent. Hog Concentrate to reach the same weight, thereby, saving 450 pounds of grain on each Hog sent to market.
Shur Gain 41 percent. Hog Concentrate when mixed with home grown grains according to feeding insti notions will make this saving possible.
For those who dc not have home grown grains, we have a complete line of Shur Gain balanced feed specially designed for Hogs in the different stages of growth.
'Hogs fed the Shur Gain way means profitable feeding


Used (2ars


a
4
*lV
and Trucks
a
V
V
e
!

A Choice Lot to Choose From
One—1938 —Chevrolet Coach Xwo—1938 —Chevrolet Sedans One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
>
1
We hope
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REQ'D.
In Memoriam
Hoknkr—In loving remembrance of a dear husband and father, John Horner, who entered into rest at Shaw ville, Que., July 15, 1939.
Say not good bye.
But in some brighter clime,
Bid us good morning.
Mrs. John Hornf.r, and Family.
Inmate of Mental Asylum Is Top-Notch Gag Writer
You can take it for what it’s worth as a commentary on American humor, ‘but a patient at the Colorado State Insane asylum contends that “to be a good gag writer, you should
,	...	, .	be in a mental hospital.”
Canada’s immediate demands tor men He proves % by selling ideas for
for the Active Service Forces were cartoons and jokes to national mag-detailed by Ministers last week. Both azines. So, some of those laughs in the House of Commons and by. radio you’ve been getting lately might Minister of National Defence Ralston bave been inspired by a former said there was room for nearly 40,000 newspaper man who, hospital more men in the C A S K without fixing authorities said, was suffering from any date whatever, he said a large body acute alcoholism, of troops would be proceeding overseas Physicians at the state hospital shortly. A substantial part of the sajd the man, whose name was Second Division is now on duty outside withheld, ij an example of rehabili-Canada and the disposition ol the re- Nation and successful treatment pos-mainder less a proportion needed in aible in American asylums.
Canada at the present time, was a They said that the 35-year-old matter of deliberation among the War writer “cracked up” mentally when Committee of the cabinet. There were something like 7G,000 men enlisted in Canada and many were required to perform a variety of duties demanding varied training, such as coastal defence, guards of internment camps and vulnerable points, and the tactical defence of Canada. Detachments were required to go to the outposts of this continent or the outposts of the Empire to perform special duties.
Men who did not want to enlist in the Canadian Active Service Force at the moment, would have an opportunity of enlisting in the non permanent active militia and putting in two weeks’ training at headquarters and two in camp.
Those who did not desire to enlist in either of these would be called out for training in connection with the general mobilization. The first quotas of these would be called out in six months’ time.
Resulting from the inability.of Great Britain now to supply the heavy equip ments necessary for Canadian Active Service Force units Canada was doing everything possible to supply her own.
If a second division was dispatched overseas Canada expected to procure overseas a good deal of the heavy equip
ment. The motor transport for the	Disease Catching Ages
second division was over there now.	The acute communicable diseases
The department expected to have Bren	nave always	been a	matter of	con*
gun carriers and a little later on to be	S]derab]e concern to	school author!*
able to send them over in replacement	,jes because	of the	relatively	high
of those to be supplied by the United	incidence of	these diseases in	chil-
Kingdom in the first instance.	iren 0f school age. More than 50
With regard to uniforms serges were per cent of the reported cases of coming at the rate of 14,000 per week four of the common communicable summer dress at the rate of 21,000 per jjseases—scarlet fever, whooping week. These amounts would be acceler- cough| measles and diphtheria—oc* ated substantially within the next two or cur between the ages of 5 and 14
•three weeks.	years, writes Dr. Ernest L. Steb-
As to sea defences the Prime Minister bins in the New York State Jour-told the House, four Canadian destroy- ; nal of Medicine. With the tendency -ers were sent across the ocean at the toward concentration of educational request of	the British	Government	facilities into larger units, it has
Steps taken	to	meet the	weakening of	been assumed that there has been
our own defence force as a consequence an increase in the opportunity for of this, were taken. What these steps exposure to infection. Fortunately, were the Prime Minister left io be de- effective control measures have tailed by the Defence forces themselves been developed for one of these dis-at such time and in such manner as eases which has more than offset appeared advisable.	1 the greater possibilities of exposure,
and there has been a consistent
. M	.	decrease in the incidence and mor-
89 per cent,	of Money Given by	t.ality from diphtheria in the school
Quebec Public to Red Cross
Used in War Work
306 Pilots Trained by Clubs
Some 306 pilots were trained up to May -27th last in 22 aero clubs which offered their facilities to the Royal Canadian Air Force for the training of pilots according to a return tabled in the House of Commons.	__
J. Ij. HODGINS
Phone 64 J.
40,000 More Men Required For Active Service
1

1
Iroquois Indian Tribes
Used Communistic Plan
i
Science of ‘Duckology’
Is Latest in Education
ESTABLISHED ]883
The American Indian didn’t have the na.ne for it, but he was a Communist just the same, it seems.
Moreover, even under administration of the federal government, he still is to a certain extent.
Dr. Philip H. Riegel of Buffalo,
%


As a duck imitator Oscar Quam of Minneapolis, Minn., is a full-fledged	professor—he's	leaching
hunters how to call these wild fowls. He holds classes six nights a week N. Y., authority on Indian history in his newly founded science of and customs, reveals that he has duckology and has drawn up a cor-found ample evidence that com mu- respondence course, complete with nism thrived on this continent long , detailed instruction and illustra-before the Russians thought of Bol shevism. According to Dr. Riegel the Iroquois tribes were operating i eran Minnesota guide, detected dif-their communistic form of govern- forent types of duck calls. So he ment successfully in what is now j decided to take a quack at identify-New York state when whites j ing and imitating them.
He figured the duck language ran “The Indians’ lands were held in ! the gamut of a special greeting call, common,” he said in a college dis- a lonesome hen call, lazy hen call, cussion. “When lands were sold to chatter and chuckle, whites each Indian received 1rs share of the return.”
INVALID
COACH
m
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
he began the excessive use of alcohol in what he said he thought was necessary to “make the great American effort.”
The patient has written one book and is writing another. After receiving treatment here for a time, he resumed his writing, using a post office box address so that persons throughout the United States with whom he made contact would not know him to be a patient in a mental institution.
Doctors said he regularly writes 1,000 words a day on his novels. His gag-writing business so far has been the most profitable, they said. He sells his ideas to magazines and cartoonists. Attendants said that be often prepares 20 gags a day which may net two or three sales of $3 to $10 each.
The man also conducts a stamp exchange agency through a national monthly publication that has widespread distribution. It was said he has 400 regular customers for hif stamps throughout the world.
ions.
It all started when Quam, a vet
Shawville, Que.


Phone 80

reached these shores

Tenders Wanted
NOTICE
He interpolated the quacks into musical notes and put them down
This principle of common owner- j in approved do, re, mi, fa, so, la undersigned tin to 0 00 ship continues today, with the fed- ,	fashion. Then he went further and
eral government distributing equal-	divided the language into two dia	.
!y among tribe members the profits	lects—the diver duck dialect and	following
resulting from lease of reservation the dipper duck dialect. Divers inlands and operation of mines local- elude the mallard, teal, spoonbill, ed on them.	widgeon and pintail. Dippers are
Describing other communistic as-	canvasback, redhead, bluebill, but-
oects of the Iroquois tribal govern- j	terball, ruddy duck, golden eve and	Specifications	as	to	work,	color	and
I mi lit y of	paint	to	be	seen	at	the
Tenders will be received 1 y the
lock p.m. <»n
Saturday, July 20th, It MO, for the
The By Liwa of the Village of Shaw-ville prohibit the riding of Bicycles on the sidewalks of this Village come to the attention of the Council that this By-Law is not being observed Notice is hereby given that bicycles must stay off the sidewalks of this Village and anyone who infringes the provisions of this By Law will be immediately prosecuted.
By order,
Tuit Municipal Council Village op Shaw ville
It has
Painting inside of School No. 1 Painting inside of School No. II Repair man lor the different Schools
ment, Dr. RiegeJ said:
“Individual ownership was limit ed entirely to clothing, hunting im plements and ornaments racy was scrupulously avoided, chief had no benefits above other members of a • tr*be awards did not attend his position He attained his place merely b> merit.
fishduck.
Knowledge of the dialects prevents a duck imitator from giving c- a diver call to a likely indifferent A dipper. Quam teaches that the two classes can be distinguished from a distance by their wing-flapping—a diver being a fast-flapper and a dipper a slow one.
Sex is the basis for the duck-calling procedure in the Quam school. a j He instructs his pupils in the science of giving ladylike quacks intended to entice drakes within shot-

Secretary’a Office
JOHN A. I)KAN,
Sec re t a ry - Trea surer, Clarendon School Board
Aristoc
Material
Public Notice
*
No Trespassing1
Any person or p.rsons found hunting, fishing, trapping or trespassing in any manner on the following Lots of land situated on Grand Calumet Island in the County of Pontiac : —
Nos. 20, Range 5 ; part 4 - and .*>, Range 7 : 30,31,32, Range 8; half 16, Range 9, and 25 and 26 North Range.
Parties found doing so will be dealth with as the law directs.
à
Province of Quebec Municipality of the Village of Shaw ville
Pu nue Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the revised valuation roll made by order of the Council of the municipality is deposited in my office, where it may he examined by the interested partie» during thirty days from this notice, during which time any ratepayer interested, may, in writing, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration at a regular meeting of the council to be held on September 3rd, 1940, at 8.00 p.m , at the usual meeting place of the council.
Given at ShawviUe, Quc.,z this 10th day of July, 1940.
H. C. ROWAT,
Sec.-Treas.
3
“There was a head to this communistic government. He had r .•abinet of five members and a legis- I a:ure	Although it was the worn
t to do menial labor, she nev •f.s had a recogn*zed place ir moils .»f the people Her opin ought and respected
; us .'oinnmnism différée as Bolshevism in iha worshiped a deitv. he le after death and play acticed the confessions

gun range.
Hunters yearning to deceive ducks first learn the greeting call. This is done by singing the notes on one of Quam's scales, substitut-I ing “quack” for “do, re, etc ! next step is to go up and down the I scale by piping the duck call horn.
; From then on it's just a question of practice.
Acre
The
By order.
JAS. A. CARSWELL & SON,
Owners
pr
COME TO RENFREW FOR
DOLLAR DAY
Tuesday, July 23rd, 1940


Wilson’s Garage
age group as well as in younger children.
Eight-nine cents out of every dollar subscribed by the public in the province of Quebec to the Red Cross campaign last Fall ha.s been spent on war work using a system to catch false-a.arm according to a tabulation released Mast pranksters literally red-handed. De-k, by Col. K. M Perry, D.S.O., veloped by G-men for tracing counpresident of (bo* Quebec provincial terfeit money, the method consists division who, at the same time, an- of dusting alarm boxes with a nearnoun red that a national appeal fur ly invisible powder called basic funds for the society will open through- fuchsin This innocent - looking out Canada on September 23rd.	chemica, becomes a vivid reddish
Subscriptions last Fall in Quebec dye when it comes in contact with totalled $9MJ,000 of which 1645,00) h is human skin, leaving a stain that been spent in the period of January M remains for several days. The dye
War work done by washes out eventually, but it gives
to examine the
The Same Reliable Service
Pittsburgh’s False Alarms
The Pittsburgh fire department is
V
g
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
6
Stores open until 10 o’clock p.m.
a
we<
140 FREE PRIZES
Ford Service
H
Shall Sealed Cas & Oils
Drawings at 12 noon, 5.30 and 10.30 p.m.
Street Dancing in the Evening
ï
J. P. Wilson

to .June 7th, 1940
the Quebec division in collaborât hi with the national organization, to-date has cost $575,000 or 81) per cent, o total expenditures in the peri of men
The balance of expenditure* nnting to $70,000, ha covered the
i detectives time
lands of suspects So fur the pow-f jer's use has b1 ight a marked de-
fa lse alarms when the
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
hone 40
ti
RENFREW CIVIC PROMOTION BUREAU
I
crease in word got around that the boxes
vere ‘fixed.”
tinned

am
€
»
€


*
%
C"
X
X
X
V
X
X
V
V
V
V
X
X
X
V
S
S
s

X
x
X
X

X
X
X
X
X
v
lK
X

X
X

x
X
X
X
X

<
X

/ixixtz
###PAGE###5###
4 r
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
Service Announcement
1040 :
Grade 7, Shaw vil le, Lionel Storey “	7, Clarendon, Margaret Wickens
“	A, High School, Lois Hamilton
“	0,	“	“ Cameron Rowat
The results of Grade 10 have not been received at this date.
Motion by Comr, Hobbs, that the following bills be paid :
The Equity, supplies and print-
The Equity

hawvilla United Church Rbv A. F. Forks B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday, July 21
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
1.30 p.m.— Service at Zion
3.00 p.m.—Service at Starks Corners
Evening Service at Shawville is with-% drawn.
Chesterfield Suits and Couches
Betabllehed 1883
PÜBLISHHD KVlCltY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
July 3rd, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present, Chairman Hurst Hodgins and a full Board of Com-
f
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Cunad» .. $1.50 To United States....
miestoners.
Minutes of last meeting was read and were approved on motion of Comr.
Walefc
Bristol Ukitrd Church	^Motion by Comr. Wilson, that Comr.
«-v. c.	b d sftLxtosrste
Sr.. Andrews United Church, Bristol representatives who may be appointed Anniversary Services, Sunday, August |jn regard to Red Cross and other 4th, at 11.00 a.m. and 7.30 p m.
Preacher : Rev. D. L. Ritchie D. D. of
Montreal.
Monday, August 5th Anniversary Supper ftom 5 30 p m.
Adults, 35 cents ; Children, 25 cents
$03 80 13 45
mg
2.00
VV. A. Hodgins, supplies.....
W. R Beckett, work and sup
plies to schools.........
Domestic Science, supplies and
postage .................
Deputy Examiner ..........
Assistant....................
Postage on exam papers.
John Sly, wood to High School 40 75 Nor va 1 Kilgour, pine to 3
schools .................
Emmerson Cotie, wood to No 1 school....................
All arrears must he paid in full before any paper Is discontinued
7 85
This month we are featuring
New Chesterfield Suits and Couches
8 00 24 00 17 00
W. G.ÔOWAN, PUBLISHER
war
efforts—Carried.
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that tenders be asked for a repairman for the different schools. Specifications as to work to be seen at the Secretary’s office.— Carried.
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that the Pupils be given a Scholarship in 1940-41, who have met the requirements as laid down by this Board, said scholarship to be equal in value to the fees required to be paid by the pupil in the next advanced grade provided their studies are continued in the Shawville High School—Carried.
The* following
3 25
Number of U. S. Farms
Has Tripled Since I860
Since 1800 the number of farms in this country has more than tripled. But the size of the average farm has steadily decreased; as population grew, farms weie subdivided. Ir 1880, according to census figures and estimates compiled by the Farm Security administration, about 10 per cent of the country's farms were of less than 20 acres, but today, 18 per cent arc of less than 20 acres. In 1880 nearly 30 per cent of the farms were less than 50 acres in size. Today, nearly 40 per cent are less than 50 acres.
The problem of the too-smali farm has been intensified in recent years. It was less serious as long as the expansion of industry continued to absorb millions of people from farms. But with a shortage of jobs in the cities, beginning with the 1929 depression, too many farm people, who would ordinarily have migrated to urban areas, have had to remain in rural areas.
Meanwhile the productivity of millions of acres of farm land has been impaired by erosion and wasteful farming; drouth has routed many families from their land. Areas still being cultivated are too poor to support adequately the present population, much less a growing population. Mechanization has displaced many former hired hands from the rich lands who, if they are going to continue farming, must add to the millions competing for and subdividing the remaining small farms in poorer areas.
Owing to the increased demand for the above mentioned articles, we have replenished our stock with new designs.
9 00
41 05 Carried
Motion by Comr Wilson, that Comr. Nurse preside at the nomination of Commissioners on Monday, July 8th, and also at the election on Monday, July 15th if necessary.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Nurse to adjourn— Carried.
ANGLICAN
Sunday, July 21 St. Paul’s
10.00	a m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m —Holy Communion 7 30 p.m —Evening Prayer
St. Lurk’s
1.30 p m.—Sunday School
2.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
Preacher—Rev. P. Powles Missionary
from Japan.
Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
All materials including fillings, are of the highest quality and each detail of construction is executed with good taste and
skill. 3 piece chesterfield suit
:
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas
were successful in June
$67.50
I
lyiyly-yyiylyiy yiy'yyiy|y|yiyiy|y(y'y:yy
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
x
Chrome Drop Back” Couches—The Chrome
X
n
?3
arms are an entirely new feature on a
X
X
s
couch of this type, giving it added attrac tiveness.
Pulpwood Wanted
\
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
X
Upholstered in colourful
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
cretonnes and repp fabrics.
$14.60 to $18.50

X
Phone 70
x
x
Famous Idaho Potato
Has ‘Romantic’ History
It’s just potatoes and gravy on a million dinner tables the world around, but the story of the Idaho I Russet's discovery and development I is as romantic as that of a scientific invention.
It was in 1884 when the first settlers entered the Egin bench of eastern Idaho that far-sighted farmers ! sought a product for the volcanic | soil, a pioneer woman related re-jcently in Boise, the state capital.
I The woman, who prefers to be : known only as Mrs. “E. M. W.,”
I was the daughter of one of the first ! settlers.
Mrs. W. told of entering the Upper Snake river country while Indians still roamed the prairies. “At that time," she said, “we were raising the Early Rose, Early Ohio and a few Goodrich potatoes which, although they produced well, would not keep.”
Faced with an unmarketable product, her brother vowed he was “going to find something to make a good crpp—one that would stay without a flaw.” In the course of events a new family came to the | community. They were Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Barnes and children.
Barnes brought a new potato which he called the English Russet.
The brother heard about the new potato and' went to see if he could buy a few for seed. Barnes shrugged his shoulders and said he didn’t know if there was a peck in the whole pit that would grow.
But Mrs. W. and her brother sorted through the whole pit. When finished they had a peck and a half. Barnes gave them the entire lot for their efforts.
The next day they planted most of them in part of a 10-acre plot, after eating a few.
The potatoes seemed particularly suited to the volcanic ash soil and the eastern Idaho climate. Within two years, the family which had grubbed the seeds from an apparently worthless heap had enough to plant all their land and sell to neighbors.
It was from this meager begin-^	ning. Mrs. “E. M. W.” said, that
cemetery Donations Idaho’s Russet potato industry
sprang.
Phone 27

VjftK
THE H0DGIN8 LUMBER COMPANY
U. S. Volcanic Activity
Limited to California



WiF-
Shawville,
Quebec
******


Though there is considerable vol« [ canic activity in Alaska, the United J States proper has only one active ! [ volcano, and that one has been re a- [ sonably quiet for most of the last
At Lassen Vol- I


yfu3

on:
ytyiyiy|y|y(ylyiy|yiyiyiyiyiy*yiyiyiy(yiyiyiyiyiy(yiyiyiyiytyiyiyiyty|y|yiy(y|yiy|yiyiy|y|y|yiyiyiy'
mmmî

/A
•><

tt
w


€
!SJ5JSJSjgiSJ515J5ISJSJSlSJSJSJSJS15JSJ5J5JSJSJ9MSJ2JSI5J5JSJSlS/SIBJS/SJ5J5JSJ5JBi5I2I9^
quarter century canic National park, in California, says the National Geographic society, visitors go to see fantastic lava fields, boiling springs, ruined forests nnd Lassen peak itself, reaching 10,453 feet skyward.
It was in the spring of 1914 that Lassen, after some 200 years of good behavior, began a series of eruptions climaxed in May, 1915. Then a giant mushroom-shaped cloud thrust upward four miles over ; the volcano and was seen as far away as the Sacramento valley. Firewovksrlike flashes illuminated the night, and blasts of hot gasses, pouring out of the mountain, turned snowy slopes into torrential rivers that drowned meadows, split boulders *and uprooted trees in miles of devastation
Lassen, one of John C. Fremont's guides in the growing days of the republic, Lassen peak is a “dormant" volcano. Scientists estimate that the next outburst may come about 1980.

€
¦¦

C


<L
MB»
DALE’S TINSHOP

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Simmon’s Drop Side & Sliding Couches fancy cretonnes upholstering. The real thing for
your home or cottage
$12.50 to $13,50
P-U-M-P-S
Camp Cots and Mattresses
Round tubular steele frame with heavy angle folding spring base. Cot and mattress
complete
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty
CJ
Named for Peter
Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all
Call in and see
$7.00
at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
• • • • •
• •
• •
• •
LESLIE DALE
$2.75
Baby Cot Mattress
'Jake Foil* Victims
“Jake foot," the mysterious disease tiiat struck drinkers of Jamaica ginger in the Middle West 10 years ago, still exists i\ survey made in Wichita, Kan., where 500 persons were afflicted with or died from the malady, showed that many have recovered, but others have since died from effects of the drink that was a popular substitute here during prohibition. Twenty victims of the disease still live and receive treatment at the "Jake farm" established by. the county for victims of the malady tl at caused loss of control of the foot and hand muscles.
Quebec
Shawville,

MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
I •
I
Acknowledged
Roÿ G. Fraser
SPECIALS
A.G. F. A.
Case Dismissed
A Paris, Mo., judge discovered there had been a divorce case on the docket nine years. When he
Previously acknowledged ...
Mrs. Samuel Sinclair .......
Cecil Sinclair..............
Mrs. James Wilson............
C W. Hodgins, Timmins. ..
Dr. A If. McRie, Ottawa......
W. Caldwell, Ottawa..........
Mrs. E. f. Titus, Like Wood
N. J........."	\
* 32 OC 1 00
1	00 questioned the attorney for the
2	o<) plaintiff about it and the attorney admitted he didn’t know what had become of his client or the defendant, the judge decided it was time the case was dismissed.
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
FILMS

27c
gj Libby’s Porl^ & Beans 3 $ K l(oval| Jelly ^aher per pkg. 15c | Certo, per bottle jg Parawax, 2 lbs. .
3 Serviettes. white or colored 15c 3 Wax Paper, per pkg
Coffee fresh ground, per is 39c
Coffee, London Mouse, glass jar 57C
Salad Dressing. 3-star 32 oz. 40c
cans
Phone 160
5 00
I
3 00
2 00
ALL SIZES
30c
25c
16
V
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. Wo in' vite your patronage. On orders of $ 1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
5 00
25c
17c
8
Bar Kilted Scot
he wore a kilt, a Scottish
GUARANTEED
Wheat Midlings per bag $1,75 Moulee Provender,
5 bag lots
Because
soldier was banned from the streets of Naples. He was sightseeing with a party of Cameron Highlanders on their way home from service in I ivsypCand strolled into the center 'T the city Having never before ; ,ccn the abbreviated Scotch skirts, MBÊËÈÊÊy gathered and held
ting loudly
In Memoriam
I5c

$1.35
In loving memory of our dear lmsband and father, John Sheppird, who died July Id, 1*39.
Away in the beautiful lulls of God ;
In the valley of rest so fair.
Someday, somewhere, when our work is done,
We hope to meet you there.
$1 25
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
1 4
i
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
i

i
ci
a red and de
j
;
eturn to
}
UO
s
Wife and Family
;
A
3
###PAGE###6###
1



delightful prospect. It would shorten both the long faces of discouraged civilians at home and the China campaign Chiang-Kai-shek’s lines. If and when the United States fleet were shifted from the Pacific to the Atlantic, Japan could begin her long-planned campaign to drive the white man from all Asia.” ("Time”, July 1st.).
INDIA: Mohandas K. Gandhi emerged from silence last week with an appeal to all Britons to cease hostilities with Germany, urging that they settle their differences with "non-violent methods." The leader of the millions of India urged Britain not to enter "undignified competition with the Nazis in destructive power." Gandhi said he was placing his services at the command of His Majesty’s Government to "advance the object" of his appeal. The day previous, Gandhi’s Leftist rival, Subhas Chandra Bose, had been arrested under Defence of India Regulations.
JEALOUSY?
ITALY: Marshal Rodolfo Graz iani, chief of staff of the Italian army, took command last week of I all Italian forces in Libya, which I formerly had been commanded by I the late Italo Balbo. Balbo three I days previously had met his death I in an air crash under peculiar cir-I cumstances. The British Foreign I Office news department suggested j that Balbo was deliberately killed I because he clashed with Mussolini personally as well as over the dic-I ta tor's policy of tying to Germany.
I Might not Graziani also have been I Jealous of Balbo?
I U.S. PLACES NEW EMBARGO I UNITED STATES: Two very tin-I portant moves were made by Presl-I dent Roosevelt last week. First he I Invoked the power to seize foreign-I owned shipping. Second, (serious I for Britain), he placed a virtual I embargo on the sale to foreign I countries of any munitions, mater-I lals or machinery needed in the I Ü. S. national defense program.
I Fear of a Nazi revolution in Mex-I loo immediately following this I week’s election continued to perI vade the U. S. Fear of German ec I onomic domination of South America through barter prompted the loan of $20,000,000 to Argentina for purchases to be made in the United States.
In the field of domestic politics, the nomination of Wendell L. Winkle as Republican Presidential candidate overshadowed all else; confirmation of the appointment of Henry L. Stimson, Republican, to the vital post of U. S. War Secretary, took place with little or no fuss.
CANADA: Succeeding boats during the week landed very differ-r ent cargoes on our shores, first Nazi war prisoners arrived in Canada for internment here, "sulky, swaggering louts" . . . Frau Dollfuss and her two children debarked from the next ship amid a crowd of wealthy refugees from the United Kingdom . . . Two people the boats did not bring were the Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret Rose "who will share the fate of other British children" remaining at home . . . the full influx of evacuee children from the United Kingdom was reported delayed several weeks due to a mixup in red tape . . . which gave Canadian homes and foster-parents longer to prepare for the reception of new members into the family . . .
The Western wheat problem moved into the limelight again as the prairie farmers began to wonder what would become of the good crops they expect this year. Elevators were still full of last year's wheat . . . and nowhere to dispose of it, unless we should suddenly find ourselves trading again with Hitler, who needs the grain badly ... In Ontario a serious shortage of farm labor was beginning to be felt, since so many former hired men" bad joined the army . . .
The Federal Cabinet changes forecast for the week did not materialize, although a Wartime Industries Control Board was established, with sweeping powers to mobilize the industries of this country for war purposes . . . announcement was made that Britain would build 35 plants here, at a cost of $50,0u0,00t), to turn out explosives, guns, shells and small arms ammunition — total output to reach a quarter of a billion dollars annually . . . Conservative M. P.’s and C.C.F. leaders in the House assailed Henry Ford for refusing to manufacture plane motors for Britain . . . during the week a new trade treaty was signed with Paraguay, a
Vacation Delights In the Canadian Rockies
Lightning Bolts Debunk Adage
“It DOES taste good in s pip*!"
HANDY SEAL-T1GHT POUCH . 13*
1/4-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 60*
a ko pecked in Pocket Tins
4.:<x
¦

mm



S' w
- by cutting chief supply
am

¦ v

ï

v<



Kwhrl

4»


9*
«hMH
' WËÊ

Struck Twice in Same Place Near Campbellford, Ont, All Within Five Minutes
*y sr

t


I




4
Ü

EH
m
•-


•XC

¦: isL'

X



g; £ ;
SSUtiw <
m


IF
X
D
: +!'
y*
--
Michael Moran is not so sure now about that adage which says that lightning never strikes twice In the same place.
During a violent electrical storm In June, Moran’s , home on the Brighton road, near Campbellford, Ontario,
within five minutes. One bolt followed an aerial wire and ruined a radio set and the other took the Sydro wires and blew a fuse in the house. No fire resulted however.
The storm was so severe that 12 telephone poles were blown down in the district, disrupting service in general.
s: mm
Iair
m;»
w


Si


tL
i

y


•5. m
«
.a


.ss’KMNOMQCOttM
f


w


MM*


? i

K « -
Ak


/
xW#
. X- V
U»ii.

>.
X '
#

f
il Nil

e
rie
struck twice
was
1 W
\
h*

Word from Ottawa came lint details of a new unified press service for radio stations ic Van a it were being worked out, the system to l on k co-operative basis wUi th«> UBC and the recognized ihwh .ik-encie-s working together. Fir the
present, the existing nev 4 services are permittee! 10 carry on their broadcasts as in the p*at. hut the day of sponsored new* '«ü tu is almost over.
step which was taken in view of (he increased trade opportunities to the south of us since the otubreak of war in Europe . . .
A tragic event of the week was the jinking of the Canadian destroyer Fraser following a collision off the west coast of France; forty-five were dead or missing, 116 rescued . . . Premier Mitchell F. Hepburn, in bad shape, rested In Battle Creek Sanitarium across the border . . .

A


L*. ....
mà

Wv'

It»
MOC
J
£88


.






Æ

>x-:
m

•7?.X
f-jStoctiSc



The Book Shell
Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Stanfield, of Truro, N. S., vacationing in ?he Canadian Rockies, are seen in the corral at Banff Springe Hotel just after their return on horse-back from a visit to Sunshine Lodge. Guide who accompanied them is on the left of picture.
Canadian Pacific Photo.
MINE INHERITANCE By Frederick Niven
Frederick Niven, in the front rank of contemporary writers, tells la bis new novel, "Mine Inheritance", the story of the first important British settlement in the Canadian West — an epic in the & la tory of Canada.
From the first days of this venture, when the settlers put out from Scotland under the leadership of their governor, Miles Macdonell, to the final achievement, after unspeakable hardship, of their great ambition
•elves in a part of the world where they could own their land, from which they could never be evicted, that would be an inheritance for their children" — the story is told •f David Baxter, a young clerk in the service of Miles Macdonell. Through his eyes we see the terrible struggle for existence that Confronted the settlers.
:>
'etûléiteçt
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
if*
Latest Soviet Move Blocks Hitler’s Pathway To East

'V
I many. These were all categorically I denied, former Prime Minister I Chamberlain even • going to the trouble of making a radio speech ! to refute them. Nevertheless there I were powerful forces at work in Brl-I tain anxious to remove all the "men I of Munich" from public life, at any I rate from the Government. A move I was under way to make sure that I there are no "appeasers" in the I Cabinet waiting to seize power as I retain did In France and conclude I an ignominious peace with the I enemy. Peter Lyne, Christian $*i-I ence Monitor correspondent in Lon-I don, quoted Lord Strabolgi, prom-I inent debater In the House of Lords: "Unfortunately the past of I these two statesmen (Chamberlain and Halifax) is so identified with I the appeasement policy that, so I long as they are In the Inner War Cabinet, the German propagand-I Ists will find credence for their I fairy tales about Britain suing for I an armistice."
I Alternating with talk of peace with Britain, came Nazi press re-I ports that the drive against England was almost ready. "The joint forces of Germany and Italy are uniting for the final attacks," declared the Boersen Zeitung. "The Atlantic coast from Brittany to Norway is being organized into an aggressive front against England. Every category of arms is ready. The Reich's military resources are being reinforced daily and army, navy and air force are being con? cent rated to an extent never before witnessed."
R A F. TAKES INITIATIVE Britain seized the initiative during the week with sea and air raids on German continental coastal bas-and German-occupied industrial areas in France, Belgium and Holland. Information leaking out of Germany indicated the R A F. attacks were taking their toll of industrial production, with many factories being forced to abandon the night shifts. At the same time, German planes flew daily over the British Isles, dropping a deadly load of bombs.
Watch Ireland, warned the London News-Chronicle. This widely-read Liberal paper demanded that the Government forestall possible German plans for invasion of Ireland (hence striking at Britain through the back door) by providing "sufficient" forces in Northern Ireland.
Great Britain was worried about the Far Eastern situation, as the Japanese land blockade tightened around Hong Kong. The Japanese Army was reported moving troops down from the Yangtze area, with 100,000 already billeted on Hainan Island. The French Indo-Chinese d<* fenme, 50,000 mostly native troops almost entirely unsupported by airplanes, would probably not last long against the Japs without help from British Singapore.
WHITE MAN ON SPOT "To Japanese militarists, occupation of French Indo-China was a
The centre of crisis in Europe last week shifted overnight from west to east. The Imminent invasion of Britain by Hitler's hordes was relegated to the background of the world's attention by the swift-moving events in the Balkans that changed the shape of the conflict between Britain and Germany, endowing it with ap entirely new set of possibilities. To many, the Soviet success in Rumania meant that ft would be in the east that Hitler might meet his final defeat.
THE VITAL STRAITS
The small agricultural province of Bessarabia was seen as of little importance to the immense Soviet Union. Rather the significance of its seizure lay in the strategic new position Russia was enabled to acquire thereby — the Reds were now encamped along the vital Danube, right in line for cutting off Germany's Rumanian oil supply; they had stolen a march on Hitler in the direction of the Dardanelles, and could easily gain control of those straits which are the key to the east.
MIGHT BEAT HITLER TO IT
From a certain well-informed quarter in Washington came the prediction that the war would shift eastward in September with a head-on clash between Germany and Russia. Would Britain first be blltzkrieged? Or would Hitler spare the British Isles in view of the new threat in the east? Did Stalin expect to be the next Axis victim? If so, might he not be getting ready now to attack first, catching Germany at an unprepared moment, exhausted from battle in the west?
Fear of the conflict spreading all throughout the entire Balkan area was largely discounted last week. Russia had Bulgaria and Yugoslavia pretty well in hand. Greece was frightened. Hungary was being held back by German desire to keep that country at peace and in a position to supply all the agricultural products likely to be needed this fall and winter in the Reich.
GIBRALTAR MENACED
On the other hand, an Axis push in the Spanish peninsula was1 not altogether unlooked-for. diplomatic commentators suggested that Hitler might send troops to Spain to attack Gibraltar in an attempt to cut British communications into the Mediterranean. They expressed the belief that the fail of France and the German occupation of the French side of the Spanish frontier had completely swung General Franco over to the side of Germany and Italy, newspaper Alcazar hinted at a possible Spanish attempt to seize Gibraltar. "The rock has lost almost all its strategic value," the paper contended. "From the Moroccan coast or from the nearby mountains, Gibraltar could be shelled mercilessly and effectively."
OUST "MUNICH MEN"!
During the week wild rumors went the rounds of peace negotiations between Britain and Ger-

Bomniu*
“to establish them-


m
%
290 *P'“I er,d *" on Fi»llon'
£
winner*
Pike*
For 13 y*V*
srsjr ¦
ÎSS
WO
tires
•lip mesn*
way.
S
"Mine Inheritance"

. by Frederick NiVêrt . . . Toronto: Collins Publishers, 70 Bond St., . . . $2.75.
I *


ha won rms
Character First, Then Education
ITH this great record record of achievement, no longer can there be any question of which lire is safest. One tire—and rni y one—has the exclusive safety features demanded by race drivers — Firestone — the tire that has been tested on the speedway for your safety on the highway! Have the nearest Firestone dealer put Firestone Champion tires on your car now. Specify Firestone when buying your new car.
Windsor Magistrate Says Advantages of University Education Are Secondary Requirement In Young Citizens
w
m
Character comes first, education second, Magistrate David M. Brodie, of Windsor, ¦embers of the# graduating class •f the extension department of the University of Western Ontario of Windsor.
“The young man or woman who would fill a leading place tm life needs more than the advantages of a university education,” declared bhe Windsor gistrate “I suggest to you that character is the foundation of any career you may choose to follow if you would be successful.”
Guest speaker at the banquet which was attended by nearly tOO including many alumni of the extension department, Magistrate Brodie declared his exon the bench has taught that the young person who can take the hard knocks and lot succumb “to the blandish-nts of those who point the easy way” is most likely to make a success of life.
“I have learned things which young people are not always good for them,” he warned, recalling that many of those born to good fortune and ready facilities for a high education often fail.
A weak character, he said, h a greater handicap than a lack of education.
1

told
The
4

X

f

v,
Aif
By Fred Nefnver
LIFE’S LIKE THAT

's//4

«
z
%

/

es,

U5 AtOOEpNJ'
%

%
zz
z
%
«


//
%
%%
z

E
îence

//
/
z
^>i
/ z
A *
# #
/
Z%



//
» A
Æ
&
that the come easy to
a
>/
+ * i a
;
London
S>8v^tf
*
a
i>

1


Z
i>
%l
l
<

è
>



%
' ¦ I
Vancouver Air Traffic Grows
The Madrid
/
<*
3k

--
Airport There Has Become One of the Business Commercial Terminals in Canada
;
$
d)
;
As western anchor of Trans-Canada Airlines, the Vancouver airport rienced a rapid rise from an out-of-the-way landing field to one of the busiest commercial terminals in the Dominion. In the first three months of this year, airplanes married 69,008 pounds of mail, 14.117 pounds of freight, and 4,607 passengers into the airport, a combined land and water base not far from the City's center. This was an increase of 54 per cent, in mail, 171 per cent in freight, and 148 per coot in passengers.
Inauguration last year of TransCanada Airlines national service had much to do with the growth.
Only a few barnstorming pilots were the customers when the City went in for airport development a few years ago. United Airlines put ft on-the map by making a side trip from Us transcontinental terminal st Seattle. Nowadays, an airliner takes off for some distance point of the continent, or lands from one, •very 81 minutes between early dawn and well Into the night.
WÊ$m
I know his sert—always drops in et meal time!!*1
• *
REG LAR FELLERS—Self-Preservation
By GENE BYRNES
YOUNG; man, PLS BE t-PATIENT / C ON T PLAY WITH Fti TWE STOCK / DON'T RUN -1 AROUND AND PLEASE A------T BE ÇUIET /
FR fKE LOVE OF
KIKE, ISHT THAT
HEADACHE
MEDICINE 9
READY YEf ? ]\
YOUR PRESCRIPTION WILL BE READY IN A FEW MINUTES -re-7 TAKE IT EASY / ________
IT WAS/ bUT SINCE KEL'.-INQ AN EYE ON YOU I HAD TO
TAKE IT MYSELF/
0



J
'.<(
M
4
! I
r î



- \
V
* i
ri.


t
y/
z
1
i

7J
r
U
y
•n /

«
M fl
#•
•i

/
!

: f
i
z
î •.
V ystiïX
,'ui i marrai
P i ru. ofc.« a
L >




###PAGE###7###
I


ENJOY ITS PENNINE
rm 1 lower heat a little and simmer for I 40 minutes. Skim and place in
either paraffin of the new seals. Store
T
Quints, Chief Drawing Card
MINT
A
container using
The Perfect Thirst Quencher
A
or some in cool, dry place.
Raspberry Relish
2 quarts ripe raspberries
1 pint cider vinegar % cinnamon stick (an inch
length)
% teaspoon mustard seed
1	teaspoon preserved ginger
2	cups sugar
Pick raspberries and simmer them in the vinegar for 45 min., then drain and add the mustard cinnamon and ginger. Boil slowly for 30 min., then strain ami
and for each quart, add Boil slowly until
L
FLAVOR
t
B
Is the Main
Their Home Tourist Attraction of North-

K
n
L
üügSfi
5
£
ern Ontario
À


Callander is one of the focal points of world interest today, aside from the war. In this North-Ontario village is being conducted an experiment in child welfare and psychology which is being watched with the closest attention, not only by the medical profession but by the public at large, on practically every continent; for it is the birthplace of those remarkable Dionne Quintuplets — Yvonne, Annette, Cécile, Emilie and Marie, who since their birth on May 28, 1034, have become the most famous babies known to modern history, and wards of the Ontario Government.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
# Every day millions find real enjoyment In the cooling, long-lasting flavor of WRIGLEY’S SPEARMINT GUM — , blended from fresh : garden mint.
" It’s good for you, too— helps keep teeth bright d attractive. Dentists recommend it.
RASPBERRY SEASON AGAIN
SISSW TEA
ern
Of course you are planning to
of the small
can just as many fruits as possible. Firstly,
take advantage of the
we
must
cheaper fruits for our own families. Secondly, each one of us should try to meet the requests of the various organizations soliciting our help for extra fruit. Thirdly exra fruit is useful for those very personal gifts, (do forget, with each type you can, to set aside a few jars for this purpose). What a joy it will give you at gift time to wrap them in attractive cellophane or other papers and present these goodies to those who are ill, to the lonely or to other very intimate friends.
measure 1 pint sugar thick, then bottle and seal
HILLS of DESTINY
an
*	Raspberry Vinegar
4 quarts raspberries 1 quart vinegar (mild)
Sugar
Place 2 quarts of the berries '	-, bowl and cover with vinegar.
Cover closely and allow to stand cold place for 2 days, then
by Agnes Louise Provost

no


k
m a
A

He checked himself abruptly, as If realizing that, lie was talking too much.
' I got a big idea,” Slanty finished craftily. “That’s what brings the money In. Come on. let’s be mov-
3VN0PSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood, is troubled by signs of neglect Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee’s foster father a nd owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged times. The ranch Is going to ruin and Virginia. Matt’s daughter, is Visiting the Archers, her aunt and uncle. in New York wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradish, old associate of Matt’s but Lee persuades Virginia to return tc the ranch. Mrs. Archer fol lows her. accompanied by Stanley, of Milton Bradish thinks he may be able to discredit Lee in Virginia's eyes.

m

in a
math berries and strain the vine-through cheesecloth. Pour it 2 quarts of fresh raspberries. Allow to stand another 2 days. Mash berries and strain and put preserving pan with sugar. Allow 1 pound sugar to 1 pint

A

Each year thousands are drawn to Callander and the Dafoe Hospital, their home, which was named in honor of Dr. Allan Roy Da fee, to whose skill and care they survived and grew into a healthy, normal childhood.
FINE HOSPITAL
This hospital is modern in every way and, in miniature, is the equal of the large institutions of its kind in great cities. An excellent supervised outdoor playground adjoins the hospital, which stands within its own grounds. The Dafoe Hospital was built by the Ontario Red Cross Division. Organizations and corporations, located in Canada and the United States have offered every co-operation, and thus the children are growing up under ideal conditions. Health permitting, 'they may be viewed each
gar
0**1
over
in
We have not the space to give you all the different methods of canning and recipes for different jams and conserves we should like to. Many of you who have filed some of these last year can refer to them; these who desire information, please write in.
I i
%

i
He yawned and stretched, the soberer man of the two watchful face above drew back Just In time, as Slanty looked up and around.
When the two men went on down the slope the rock shelf was enipb.
For nearly a week Lee's cabin had been empty. Virginia began to wonder why she had no daily glimpses of a tall figure riding her range as If he owned it. or going calmly past her door to visit old friends in the hunk house. She rode over to see Joey and dropped a diplomatic question or two, but Jvev had not se-eii Lee for days. Odd he had not said anything to Joey at all about his plans. Perhaps he was ill up there in his cabin and alone. Someone ought to go . . .
She turned Black Lightning's
in a
The
m
\
by hard
i
juice
heat slowly, skimming when begins to boil. Boil gently
GET SOME TODAY !
vinegar
for 12 to 15 minutes and seal in sterilized jars. Use 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar to 1 glass of water, when serving.
Her uncle
Walls of House
Made From Fruit
Naturally we are hearing much about raspberry jam these days. This is my method:—After picking over and washing the berries thoroughly, place in some earth-vessel, sprinkling alter-layers with sugar in equal
Let stand over
Raspberry Whip
1% cups raspberries 1 cup fruit sugar
1	egg white beaten stiffly Crush the berries and allow to
stand with sugar for cue hour, fold in egg white. Pile in sherbet glasses and top with whipped cream or custard sauce. Garnish with whole berries.
Minted Raspberry Beverage
2	cups fresh raspberries
1 Vs cups sugar Few sprigs mint 2 lemons
Stanley
Once we considered the farm
son
en wave nate
measurements night and in the morning place in preserving kettle with V» cup water, sufficient to keep from sticking to the pan, until sugar and juice dissolves. Boil on medium heat fer 20 minutes, then
merely as a source of food production, but 133 raw materials other than food are manufactured from farm produce. Altogether farms produce almost 400 nonfood articles. In addition to milk and meat and hides, cows give us grease which goes into anti-freeze mixture used in cars during win-and into dynamite. From
CHAPTER X
If Mi.a. A rebar was firmly con vluced, and Stanley Bradish cynic*
that Lee Hollister was
rtlly surf
working to establish himself comfortably at the Circle V. either by marrying Virginia or otherwise hy making himself indispensable to her. certainly his actions did not go far to disprove their suspicions, lie sec Lied to be merely hanging around, with no apparent affairs of Ills own tliar demanded attention, nor any disposition to acquire them at all. He had established himself In an abandoned miner s cabin just beyond Turkey Gulch, making it her-tight and sufficiently ship-
day
First Canadian Nurses Overseas Greet England With A Cheer
ter,
2 oranges Water
Crush the raspberries and heal slowly to extract the juice, add-little water if necessary.
get the sizing for tho
corn we
backs of carpets, adhesives, ray-fibre, wallboard, tanning agents and other products. Fruit skins are pressed into wallboards, the seeds from grapes go into soap and lubricants, and bees do their bit, for beeswax appears in candles, polishes and cosmetics.

gem
- ^
Î

on
Æ
m
ing a
Strain the juice through cheesecloth. Add sugar and crushed mint. Cool and add juice of lem-and oranges. Chill. To serve



4

ons
add twice the amount of cold water and pour over cracked ice in tafl glasses ; garnish with a sprig of mint.
WP3
shape for simple needs, and came and went at will.
%

I
There were no bolts nor bars, and Ip his absence the curious could Inspect as they pleased. And Slanty Cano did so. So did Lawle»-, uuislng a grudge and only too anxious to find something to satisfy It. So. quite privately, had Stanley Bradish. critically surveying the ground for reasons of his own. And of them found evidences of
COOL CHIC
Easy To Make Dress
3312
Raspberry Ade
3 cups orange juice, 1 cup lemon juice, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup raspberry juice. 1 quart water. Mix all the ingredients together and stir until sugar is dissolved. Pour into glasses which are quarter filled with cracked ice. This makes about 2% quarts.
n
mm
v3



w
none
dark motives or hidden activities, unless, perhaps, the large rough chunk of quartz lying in full view shelf might he so classified.


», vw £
a-,4/
B5f
3B

READERS WRITE IN!
Mis* Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves " Requests for recipes or special
der. Address your
I
on a
On it wag pa «tod a bit of paper with this simple legend:
Matt Blair
* A**/
A Man
Died October 15. 1933 Slant y Oano knew what that sample waa. He had watched Lee Hollister swinging a pick to get P. It had come from the spot where •Matt Blair's will-o'-the-wisp sample had been dug.
Slanty stood glowering at it for minutes before he slid out,
»

V
men
letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham-73 West Adelaide Street,



>
ers,
Toronto." Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish
sisters who have arrived in England from this country.
Ml
»
»
« reply
*
some
cautiously, with no wish to meet he both hated and feared.
NOT TO BE TRUSTED If Slanty Gauo was curious enough to pry into Lee Hollister's affairs. Lee was equally observant of Slant} •. He did not like Slanty and be did not trust him. He did not care for Lawler, either. Therefore. when he caught a glimpse of Slanty and Lawler slipping behind the shelter of a cedar thicket one day. he picketed his horse a safe distance away and followed. Moving lightly, with an eye for betraying stones underfoot. Lee swung down to a shelf ju*t above the point where they had disappeared, drop-flat on It and wormed cautiously out to the edge.
Voices came to him. He could Just see the two men about thirty feet below. Both men were half drunk, Lawler morose, Slanty argumentative and boastful. Lee heard Slanty’s taunting voice.
“Takin’ orders from Lee Hollister yet? Ye’ve been keepin* yourself
I thought he must have
Fashion Flashes
Royal Shelter Is Underground
Front Parlor
a man
head and touched him into quicker
a
*
action.
The little cabin looked lonely and deserted as she neared it. Inside
and simplicity.
>
>
There is a room that I remember where
It always was mysterious and dim,
Keeping all week a sort of Sunday air,
Too elegant for comfort, and too prim
For any child to think it ever could
Have been a place where people really stayed.
A smell of rose leaves and of cedar wood
Clung to those things that never seemed to fade.
Jackets combining ccrduroy with wool handknitting are among autumn sports models at Maria Krum, London handknit house. There are also tweed topcoats with hand-knitted yokes and sleeves.
*3*
»
*

W Yv ** *
?II * A
were orderliness The huuk on the other side of the room was neatly made and a Navajo blanket lay across it.
She went around slowly looking at this thing aud that. Before the shelf where the lump of quartz lay she paused with a startled exclamation. She knew how Lee cherished her father’s memory, but still that odd thing to do, to put her
In Cellar of Buckingham Pal-Servants Trained As Air-Raid Wardens
»
ace

When London sirens signal the approach of enemy bombers, King Ceorgè VI and Queen Elizabeth descend to their well-appointed underground air-raid shelter in Buckingham Palace and place themselves at the orders of their servants, members of the palace staff, who have been trained as air-raid wardens.
Details of the royal shelter, probably the best equipped sanctuary of its kind in Great Britain, were made public last month. EQUIPPED WITH TELEPHONE " Located in a deep cellar, the room is provided with comfortable chairs, a table, desk, stove and telephone. It is thoroughly warmed once a week and at periodic intervals tins of candy and crackers are replaced with fresh ones. There is a daily inspection, when the fresh water, stored by the stove used to make hot drinks, is changed.
RADIO, KNITTING
The Queen keeps a portable radio in the shelter and some knitting.
Both the King and Queen have gas masks laid out for them on a chair near their beds, It is reported. They can be dressed and downstairs, in the safety of their shelter, within a few minutes of being called.
A fitted wine wool evening jacket with flashing beaded shoulders, worn with a wine and white printed crepe dinner gown, is included among the Norman Hartnell models chosen by Marcelle Rogez, the actress, for her forthcoming visit to America. She is selecting several beaded evening models.
Dinner frocks with shear tops and long sleeves are strong. Likewise are jacket ensembles prominent for evening. One designer features tailored beaded evening jackets in flower designs.
was an
father s name and the date of his death on that piece of quartz, like an epitaph
or a grim reminder i To Be Continued 1
per
By LOUISE LENNOX
A dress that’s coolly calculated to bring comfort combined with chic on the warmest days. Easy to make sleeves that ’ cover the shoulders, an interesting neckline and the new front fullness that everyone is talking about and wearing, makes this the ideal Summer frock. Make it of soft cotton, perhaps sprinkled with dainty flowers, for a charmingly feminine appeal. The beginner will have no trouble making this dress because it is so easy.
Style No. 3312 is designed for sizes 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 36 requires 3 yards of 3'J-inch njateiial.
Send twenty Cents (coin preferred) for Pattern to Louise
~~----- 1	K<ljti 421, 73 West Ade-
And now a bride who forgot | laide St., Toronto. Virile plainly the marriage license. Emile J ^laranOj ir., of Nçw Orleans, left the license with his arid be, Mildred Claasen, “for, safe keeping’; told her to bring it to the church. Miss Claasen was on time—without the license. While bride, relatives and friends waited,
Moran dashed to City Hall, got j a duplicate. Then they were mar- j
* rk(L	I
Now, looking down the arches of the years,
That room is not so empty, not so stern,
For all its plush and crystal chandeliers.
Strange how it takes so long a time to learn
What heartbeat lingers—to a child no more
Than dusty silence back of a closed door.
They’re Best Bets For Wedded Bliss
Professors, Clerics, Chemists Have Beet Chance of Happy Married Life, Nine-Year Study Reveals
so scare filed ye.*1
WHAT BRINGS THE MONEY?
“I ain't takin' anybody's orders. 1’iu boss around there. 1 take notice that you keep tolerable scarf* yoreself when that bom bra i* ali
around.”
“Don't, worry abort me! warned him belligerently, in' to be rich some day. you se* if 1 ain't. And 1 ain't aimin’ to work liko a dog tor It, neither, 1 ni going to use my brains. 1 know a man that's goin' to hand me anything 1 say. I got him Just where l want him. 1 got — "
Cotton, also spun rayon suiting*, reflecting Scotch tweeds, are starting to percolate through the Scotch piece goods collections for spring, 1941.
Collage professors, preachers and chemical engineers are top bets In the marriage market.
Leslie Nelson Jennings --In Christian Science Monitor
Slanty I'm go-
20 TO 1 ODDS
The odds favoring marital happl-for these professions are 20
won mil
Bride Forgot
The License
neas
to 1, says Sociologist Ernest W. Burgess of the University of ChiAt the other extreme
is
1 to
33 to 32 years old. Women who are restless, moody, NKRV0Ü8—who fear hot flashes, dizzy spells—to take Ljdl» K PtititfMUtt'ft Vegetable Compound. Plnkham's U famous for helping women during these “trying times ' due to functional Irregularities. Get a bottle today from your druggist! WORTH TRYING!
cago
20 — he placed travelling sale*men musicians and laborers.
your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state size
I
La
Dr. Burgess' data, presented recently to the American Home Economics Association, were obtained In a nine year study of 500 Illinois families. He found “education and the existence of stable Incomes" determining factors 111 wedded bliss.
Happiness of parents often decide the outcome of their children s lages, the sociologist said.
efu- * you wish
i
No woman who sews should be without a copy of the now Summer 1940 FASHION ROOK. Attractive, easy-to-make styles fer all ages and sizes are shown in the loveliest colors of the Send for your copy today. 16e a copy.
3 CAa nieefet
m
\
Slow Bvrninfi
1
Crime is reckoned to cost the U S A. $500 a second. Four million of the population arw estimated to have ciiminal tendencies
CIGARETTE PAPERS
i
1
ISSUE 28—’40
i
season.
NON i UN I* AMD!
:
AUTOMATIC
booklet
Ü
DOUBLE
man
1
1
:
<
###PAGE###8###


Warm Weather Features
Do you want to win one of these

V
!
Sport Shirts—White, blue, fawn .......
X
$1.00
"V7X-

Summer Ties, Braces, Shirts and Shorts 50: each
/,


'A.

^Tw ar bondJt
(%%%
1

/



I
J
&
lliff '
Anklets—White and Fancy Stripes, 25 to 59 cts
==: : $00/7 E
*6



*
3*



5

$1.95
Outing Trousers—Preshrunk, light colors,

V+¦*'.**
5
ill
Bathing Trunks—Royal, maroon and black Sizes 30 to 40, high quality........
$1.50

ï

AT
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
%
RENFREW FAIR
s
If

%
J
SEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, and 14, 1940
$2,400,00 in War Saving Certificates will be drawn for
1—$500.00,	1—$200.00 and 1-S100.00
EACH NIGHT ON ABOVE DATE
are orders sent in for more materials to the amount of $700. to be delivered in tho next two months.
A Whopper
Mr, James Tracy, of Caldwell, came into this office last week and _eported that one of his grade Holstein cows had given birth to a heifer calf weighing 134 pounds.
Insanity Increase in U. S.
Is Traced to ‘Depression’
The depression has been one of the causes for the apparent increase in insanity in the United States, according to Dr. J. F. Bateman, Ohio
large number of members an(| , creased population Le sa.d, but visitors being present. The roll added that thousands of new pa-call was answered by “different tients are entering mental hospitals ways ot using honey with recipes.” every month.
Plans were made to have a quilt in g bee also a food sal#, did account of the convention held his life in a hospital for mental dis-at Macdonald College was given ease,” Dr. Bateman said. One out by the delegate, Mrs. Roland Ora- of every 331 persons in the United ham, while Miss Pritchard, Mrs.
J. A. Graham and Mrs. Pritchard, delegates attending the Health Conference recently held at Shaw ville gave most interesting and instructive reports of the proceed-
l
f
July Meeting of Wyman Women's Institute
Just Ask Your Local Dealer For Them
Coupons Are FREE.
y
%


Funeral of Mrs. Chas Nicholas
MARRIED
Look Here
Experiments in Housing Show Remodeling Cost
If an old house needs rerm:
to make it more convenient iv ] Birch Like Church, Massey, comfortable, it may prove cUapvi Ont , was the scene of a pretty to wreck it and start over, if alur highnoon wedding on Munday, ations affect most of the buiidir » July 5th, when Mildred, daughter Recent experimental work on farm- of Mrs Tracy and the late Mr. houses by the agriculture depart* Wm, Henry Tracy was united in
pn‘has Included ‘records vf'e,^	rB'E’	the1	of" shHi'.'rime'.i
e=58sb*- -
«s i",r,r,iT«b/ Lite rît»'.;." &
fui estimates of cost for each kind wore a floor tongtli gown of poudre was not confined to bed. and her of improvement be made.	blue hue, with matching hat of death came as a severe shock to
Some of the Wisconsin records of. mohair and carried a bom,net of her family and friends, fer a comparison between ihe cost 0 ,)elia roges_ forget-me-nots, Her death occurred on Wed-of remodeling and ul building One gyK)ph|iH Hnd maiden hair fern. nesday at the home ot her (laugh ' house that was remodeled “was in xhe bride was attended by her *®r« Mrs Joseph Cameron ot poor condition above the foundation. sister. Mis Gordon, as matron oL Hortage du hurt.	-
badly planned, and too small The honour, and was gowned in a „	.,nr,e fwo d^Khters,
basement walls were good, but it floor length dusty pink lace dress Mrs hlliott Hobertson ot Henlrew was necessary to add to the base- with a large white hat trimmed nnd Mrs. Cameron, with whom she ment and put in some new walls, with pink She carried a bouquet mndt) her home ; two sons, Robt.
Thejeoung ,y„em w,	"/IS
ifIsïSis Sfpp? pfes
lags-ttSS EBSSESk
21 cents a cubic foot. The house j Later the bride" and groom left |»nd eight great grandchildren built new on old foundations cost ' by motor for a two weeks’ honey- The funernl was largely attended 20 cents a cubic foot. There are i moor)i The bride wore a travel by friends and relatives and many advantages on both sides. In a new jjug suit of poudre blue spun mesh	tributes were received,
house the owner is likely to get I wjth white accessories, more nearly what he wants in con venience and comfort. On the other jn Sudbury hand, an old house may be of particularly good construction and in addition there is frequently a sentimental value in having the old house that would outweigh a little additional cost.
One out of every 22 persons may A splen* be expected to spend some part of
The funeral of Mi«. Charles' Nicholas was held on Kiiday last, from her late home to St. George's j Anglican Church, Portage du Fort, wheie service were conduct-1 ed by Rev. T Liggett. Htirial took place in the family plot at Portage du Fort cemetery.	;
Mrs. Nicholas was formerly Susan Telford, daughter of the
For Sale, Wants
Lost otc
Found
Sinvi.air-Tracv
I
States is nuw a patient in a state hospital and if the present rate of mental breakdown continues, approximately 1,000.000 of the children now in our public schools will be admitted to mental hospitals at some time in their lives."
During the depression years in Ohio, for example, the number of mental patients increased from 1 out of every 302 persons to 1 in every 275.
Dr. Bateman said that the effect of the depression on the mental and emotional life of the unemployed was “too obvious."
“While disaster in certain instances brings out the best in man," he said, “the loss of self-respect, increased family tension, increased difficulty in sex adjustment, lowered standards of living, malnutrition-all these factors arising from the prolonged depression have taken a heavy toll in terms of mental health," he explained.
o
APARTMENT TO I.ET - Apartment suitable for small family. Apply to Mrs. Hit rex Bahbkr. Shawville. Phone 120.
i
mgs.	-
Forms for voluntary registra tion of women and girls for war work were distributed ; Red Cross work reported and discussed and the new Macdonald College magazine anooiiuced.
A pleasing feature of the afternoon was the presentation of; a gift to a bride-to-be, Miss Marjorie Stephens, after which tea was served and a very pleasant time enjoyed by all.
I
FOR SALK —One H-foik liny Tedder in good condition ; also one four wheeled trailer, long and short tongue. Apply to Prkbton Rout; i ns, R. R. No 2 Shaw ville. Phone 20- 20.
FOR SALE—Fifty acres of good hay for sale on the 4th Range of Clarendon. Apply to Donald Frahkr, 354 W a verier Street. Ottawa.
HAY ON SHARES — A quantity of good mixed hay on shares.
R J. Cuthbkrtson, Maryland 23-V.
Apply to Phone —
The Red Cross
Mrs. Albert
FOR SALE—OneTDeering Binder with sheaf carrier in good condition. Will sell cheap. Apply to M. B. Drummond, R.R No. 3. Shaw ville
As the rural canvass for funds for Shawville and District Red
Cross is nearing completion the The fact that people live longer
Treasurer herewith gives a report | now than a few years ago has been
of ali receipts up to date received a factor which seems to push the
by him from various sources	insanity curve upward, he said.
Shawville.......... *<20 -phe depresson years made this
Thorne	ee	more noticeable.
Ladysmith........	$186 55
Schwartz........ 17 26 203 80
Bristol
Rev. Sales......
H. I. Smith ....
W. J. Marks ....
Leo Elliott.....
David Grant ....
Martin Stanton ..
Thos Orr........
Clarendon
Knox........../.
Fifth Line......
Radford.........
Cbarteris.......
Austin........
7th and 8th Lines
Zion............
Murrells , .....
Starks Corners ..
Yarm............
Norman..........
Portage du Fort ,..
three brothers, Hector
THRESHING SEPARATOR FOR
SALE — Used International Harvester Grain Separator, 22 inch cylinder. 35 inch body, high bagger, strong blower, comparatively new self feeder. Price $300.00 half cash, half terms. ' Apply to Ottawa Valley Chain Products. Renfrew, Ont.
“Simple cases of senility and other mild mental conditions were, to a large extent, cared for at home," the commissioner said. “But with the economic crisis, when the son or daughter was unable to assume responsibility for the care of a mother or grandfather, then the state hospitals had to take care of the aged people."
64 00 62 50 29 35
19 00
18 25 17 50
6 50 206 10
Mr. and Mrs Sinclair will reside
Canucks for French Warships
According to Canadian Naval Headquarters it is possible some officers of the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Tall standards of delphinium, Reserve now in England, at the disposal pink and white peonies, and roses of the British Admiralty, may be as-formed the setting for the candle- signed to French Warships taken over light ceremony, June 29th, when by the Royal Navy. These officers were
| Jean Victoria, youngest daughter recently commended for “keenness Jand | of Mr. Robert Graham and the ! late Mrs. Graham, of Erin, Ont., ‘ ë ’
NOTICE
1 wish to announce that I have purchased the grocery business on Main Street, Shawville, of Mr. XV. J. G. Gibson, and respectfully solicit a share of patronage from the people of Shawville and district fresh stock of groceries, con* feetionet y, ice cream and soft drinks always on hand.
Mrs. Bruce Barber
Dodge-Graham
8 65 19 66
15	40 30 00
16	10 17 00 44 10 16 35 97 10 37 83
27 10 329 42 12 00
Wild West ‘Rustlers'
Lose Their Glamour
Rustlers is the romantic western term for cattle thieves. No western story is complete without a group of these hawk-eyed, hard-faced long-riders, in their dark, well-worn clothing, mounted on fleet bay or black broncs, galloping through its pages. The reasons for the inconspicuous colors are obvious. Only a “drugstore cowboy" wore a bright scarf, big white sombrero and jingling spurs, and rode a pinto or palomino
favorite weapon of these tough hombres, as the squirrel rifle was of the feudists of the Great Smokies.
The stolen herds were driven south of the border and delivered to some crooked buyer with a beef contract to fill, or through a secret passage into a hidden valley, there to be rebranded and later sold.
There are still cattle as well as dude ranches in the West and there are still rustlers, but most of the picturesque features are gone. Now the thieves load their gather on trucks and transport them swiftly to their destination.
A
became the bride of Mr. George Alexander Dodge, elder son of Mr. $61,000 Gift to and Mrs R. L. Dodge, Gordonville,
Out.
The guests were received by Miss Muriel Graham, of Buffalo, sister of the bride, in a gown of aqua shadow sheer, and Mrs. R. L.
Dodge, mother of the groom, wealing printed sheer.
The marriage was solemnized by the Rev. A. O. W. Foreman. Bal-lingfad. Miss Audrey Dodge, sister of the groom, was at the
War Effort
STRAYED
The Finance Department has received i	—
a single donation of $61,000—the sum Strayed from the premises of the by which the donor’s income war tax undersigned, about five weeks’ ago, one was reduced after deductions for con-1 dark red bull calf. Information retributions to charitable purposes were garding whereabouts will.be thankfully allowed. It came from a “Canadian of received by, substantial means who wishes to re main anonymous.”
\ Hfc STfcwiAan Of QW»™
$1471 57
The Red Cross officers are very grateful to all those who undertook the work of canvassing, and also thank those who gave so generously to the funds and received the canvasers so kindly. We would mention that the canvasers who did the work and whom we sincerely thank, according to reports re ceived by the Treasurer were
In Thorne—V. Brctzlaff, treasurer ; Fred Schwartz, Carl Konig, Christie Holt and Otto Hahn Iu Clarendon
For Topmost Tire Value,
%
MRS. WESLEY YOUNG
The six-gun was the
Onslow Corners, Que
See
organ
The bride, given in marriage by her brother, Leading Aircraft® man, Arthur Graham, of Camp Borden, was lovely in her of ivery sheer over taffeta, the slim fitting bodice of wavered tucking, the very lull shirt fell in graceful I folds to the floor. She carried a shower bouquet of Summer flower?, with white rosebuds in her hair.
The maid of honor, Miss Mai-gat et Miohie. of Caledon, was charming in a gown of heaven-blue sheer, fashioned on similar lines to the bride's gown, and also carried a bouquet of summer flowers.
J. L. Hodgins
Cemetery Memorials
f
own
rom
Shawville, Que.
Austin McDowell,
Claude Elliott, Rexford W. Wilson,
Rev. K. Bolton, Miss Sadie McCagg,
Miss Dorothy Olmsted, Jos. Kilguar,
Graham Thompson, Gus Draper, Miss M. McGuire, Cecil Elliott, Wesley Palmer, R. J. Tracy, Elliott Hodgins, Mrs,
Russell Elliott, Miss Hazel Lang. The canvasers for Bristol are given above,
the Treasurer of this township being confined to the West. Every sum Rev. Father J. Sullivan.	tner a number of cattle are lost
The canvas is not completed yet at from pastures in the East, particu Radford, Fifth Line, Green Lake	and	larly .in	New York state, noai
Greer mount. Portage du Fort	aent :	Malone,	Fowler and	Gouverneur
most of their funds to Ottawa before Mure than a dozen head weie st« they became affiliated with Shawville. in the vicinity of the latter pi With the money received to dite all	during ti	e summer of	I-H-h hm t"i ;
goods worked on have been paid	for,	lunateiy	the thieves	v.uit appie- «
and the balance on hand is $600. There bended.
9
•>

•:
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
T-l i

Get Our Prices Before Buying* Elsewhere

Nor have these operations been
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone,278
The batman was Mr. Max Dodge, of Guelph, brother of the


GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
mi
gi
Mr. and Mis Dodge left Inter on short honeymoon, the bride lru\tiling in a grey un-umble with \\ Lite aecetholies. -
I
