###PAGE###1###

I $1.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United Statee
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1939
No. 31, 50th Year
=
MARRIED
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. aid Mrs. Oeo. Arm it age Observe 50th Anniversary
8t. Paiil'fi A.Y.P.A. will hold a Masquerade Party at the Theatre Hall on Monday night, January 80th. Prizes will be awarded for the beat fancy and comic costumes. Admission In costume. 15 cents ; general, 25 cents.
Box Social and Program- At-Austin Community Hall, Friday night, February 8rd, 1030, at eight zvlock, an old-time box social and program will be held In aid of the Church repair fund Admission— 20 and 10 cents. Ladies bringing boxes admitted free.
Wallacb-Hoduins
6 At St. Paul’s Rectory, Shawville, Que., at eight o’clock Saturday evening, January 21st, 1900, by the Rev. T. K R. Nurse, Florabel, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. VVinson Hod gins, of Portage du Fort, to William John Wallace, son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wallace, of Murrells, Clarendon.
The official witnesses were the bride’s donsin, Miss Revella Elliott, and the groom’s brother, Thomas Wallace, jr.
Following the ceremony a wed-
r was served at the groom's parents.
Mr Lyman McDowell, of Pembroke, is visiting his relatives in town this week.
Mrs. W C. Stark and daughter, Mrs. H Judd, spent the week-end with relatives in Ottawa.
Mi. and Mrs. Win Chitmell spent the week end at the home of their daughter, Mrs. Guy Ron tel iff e at Deechenes, Que.
Miss Lillian Hopper, Reg. N., has returned to town aftei a month's visit with lier p irents at Chapleau, Ont.
Mrs. Lloyd Hodgins ha# returned to her home at Stark’s Corner* after a |week's grandmother.
Haley's Station.
Shawville Hardware
Mr. and Mm. George Armitage, well.known residents of North Ohelow. observed their 50th wedding anniversary at their home recently. "..A large number of
filead» and relatives were present and the croupie were the recipients of many presents and ménagés and telegrams of congratulations.
Thera are six boys, and three girls In their family. They have 21 grandchildren and six greatgrandchildren. The four generations were represented at the wedding anniversary.
Present were five son«, Uervai*»
Percy, Gerald and Hilliard, of North Onslow, and Rutledge, of Niagara Falls, N. Y.; and one daughter. Mm. Victor Young, of
Pontiac, Que. Herman Armitage, Ml. David T. Hodgfn* has recelv-of White box. Sank., a son and e<1 wor<1 that hla nephew. Con-Mrs. Thomas E. Young, of Kirk- Hlabîe W R Goodie, who has been land Lake, a daughter, were un- truing with the R.C M.P. at Regina able to be present.	for several years, has been trans-
Mr. and Mrs. Armitage were both f^red to the eastern division with born Itv North Onslow and lived headquarters at Rockcliflfe Park there all their lives. For the past Constable Condie is the youngest 20 years, Mr. Armitage has been „on 0f Mr. and Mrs John N. employed by the Post Office Dept Condie Both Mr. and Mm. Armitage	IlirHI
enjoy excellent health.
Bush Supplies
l
I
!
o i
w
!
Axes

Shawville United Y. P. U. are presenting their morality play. ‘‘EveryyoiitlT in the church hall at Starks Corners on Friday, Jan. 27th. at 8.00 p. m. This flue play will be given as far as possible just as it was given at Shawville. The entire proceeds will go to the new hall fund, as the Y. rvU. are giving the presentation to help Starks Corners hall. Prices 25 and 15 cents.
ding supne home of the
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooks
visit with her Mrs. Crosier, at
Mr. Lome Armstrong Heads Pontiac Agricultural Society
At the annual meeting of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, held on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Lome Armstrong waa elected president for ensuing year, with Mr R. W. flodgina retaining the office of Secretary Treasurer. A full re port of the meeting will published next ifesue.
Anglican Church at Caldwell Hold Vestry Meeting Mggg
be
The congregational meeting of parishioner* of St. Luke's Chtuch, Caldwell, was held on Monday evening with the rector, Rev. T. E. R. Nurse, presiding.
The financial standing of the congregation was presented by Mr. Andrew Tubman. The report showed a balance in the current account of the palish, with the extra parochial expenditure of twenty five dollars to the mission ary work of the church.
Included in tin* was the discussion of the re decorating of the interior of the church. This matter was left over until the Spring for the final decision of the congregation.
Following other general business, the Rector referred to the death of Win. J. Sheppard, Warden of St. Luke’s at the time of his death, with the meeting observing a minute of silence.
the
Fire Destroys Campbell’s Bay Roman Catholic School
The Roman Catholic school at Campbell's Ray was destroyed by a fire of an unknown origin at 290 Tuesday morning. The building was of brick veneer, three storeys high, containing tour class rooms. The loss is partly covered by in eurance.
fort Coulonge Wins Overtime Game
John A. Sturgeon Severely Injured by falling Tree
Mr. John A Sturgeon, of Zion section. Clarendon, ruffe red very severe head wounds, a cracked jaw bone and had most of his teeth knocked out, when crushed beneath a falling tree at his farm on Friday afternoon last Mr. Sturgeon was felling the tree in the bush about a quarter
of a mile from bis home when it Shawville Curlers broke off unexpectedly and came Defeated at Pembroke crashing, a large branch crushing	—
head into the ground before he Four rinks of Shawville Curlers, could escape	two of the ladies' club and two of
The injured man was extricated the men's club, went tolPembiuke with difficulty by Not roan Reid/Gn Friday night and were defeated
Pembroke
In a scheduled Pontiac senior hockey game played at Campbell's Bay last Friday night, Fort Don longe won a 3 to 2 decision in overtime. At the end of the second period Campbell's Bay led 2 to 0. In the third period Dempsey, of Fort Coulonge scored two goals to tie the score two all. Arnold La-port put the visitors one up in the overtime period which proved to be the winning goal Three penalties were handed out. The scorers for Campbell's Bay were E. Johnston and C. Loken and for Fort Coulonge. Dep*ey (2), La port with 1. Eddie Ranger, centre player for Campbell’s Bay was injured in the first period.
The teams :
Campbell’s Bay-Goal, Rouleau ; defence, E. Johnston and Proud-foot; wings, Heaphy and Rennick; centre, Lett8 ; pubs, Hanrahnn, Bowie, Jrlinston, Loken, Ranger, Smith and Doyle.
Fort Coulonge—Goal, Shea ; defence, Barron and E. Davis ; wings, Keon aud Dempsey ; centre, La- <
Est. C. J. Caldwell
business
New Prints Fop Spring
his
injured man
__ S difficulty by	¦¦¦______________ ____________|
_______ xvjio whh working with him at the jn friendly 'contests. ___________________________________
Officers elected for 1039 were : time Mr. Reid succeeded in rais* W0I1 H\\ four games by wide .....................—	“	----- ““	“	------- ' Rinks and scores of the
People's warden, Mr. David Fraser; “ig the branch and afterwards margins Rinks and score Rector's warden, Mr. Andrew	nries* w^re"given* atten*	p,rty XVR* ** follows :
WVotMdof>th»nkeator'the officer., vUl/communlty HoepUel where organist, and church wardens, he is resting and as well as can be
were passed by the meeting. _	— ,
The first Shipment of New Spring Prints have just arrived, georgous new patterns and designs.
Shawville
Pembroke
Mrs. W. R. Beatty Mrs L. Armstrong Miss Edna Devlin Miss D. Clarke Mrs L. 8. Barrand Skip—14
Mrs L Ztdow
Mrs. B. A. Rowan Mrs. A. Cone Mrs. J. Wallace Skip-17
Mrs. J. Gordon Miss M. Strutt Miss I Shaw
skip—6
Mrs. Drummond I porte ; subs, Neville, L ulouceur. Mrs. A, McKay M Doyle:
Mrs r Maclean Referee-, Um< Bolnm, Camp-Vlrs J P Witon bell’s Buy ; M. Mulligan, of Fort Skip—6 * CoulonKe
Wabasso Quality
1939 Patterns
Wyman Women’s Institute
Annnal Meeting of ShAW ville United Church
* The January meeting of Wyman Women's Institute was held at the
he®Ï7tr «nn«"lk m JungrTlihe | bom^ of Mrs-
The
Colours Fast
ShAwville Triumphs Over Campbell’s Bay
ÈÊSIÉS
$2,400 00 raised for church pur- sister branches.	. ,
KE °CUfford Wil^.rgHvv the theki'stitnteUhibite.t Shawville Sunday school report which show- Fair in the hall, and the article» to ed an average attendance of 06. make up the exhibit were arranged receipts of 9318.00 of which 1116.00 for by the members. Salt was was for Missions, and a balance of the subject of discussion.
980.00 on hand. The Y P U. report ting contest was held, prizes going was given by Jack Tolhnrst show- to Mrs. Stephens and Mrs. A
ed receipts of $500.00and a balance Cleary.	.	. e
of 9100 00. During the year this Tea was served by the hostess,
organization had paid for rénova- assisted by Miss M. Stephen^, tion of the Sunday school room, Helen Ross and Mrs. Pritchard, paid $75.00 on the new organ, and and a social hour enjoyed, given $20:00 to Misfions. The Woman’s Association report by Mrs Hayes showed a membership of 51 and receipts of $560.00 many church and parsonage repairs made and a balance of 9206.00 . Mrs.
8. E. McDowell reporting for the W.M 8. gave the membership as 40 and $272.00 raised for Missions Mrs Draper reported on the work of the 25 members of the C.G.I T.
John Tolhnrst told of the work he is doing with the 50 boys of the two community clubs the Tuxis Hoys and the Trail Bangers. Miss Edith Currie-Mills reported the Mission Band had 38 members between 7 and 12 years of age, and raised $9.00. Mrs A. Draper reported there were 50 members of the Baby Band. JohnR McDowell reporting on the Maple Grove cemetery told of the tine condition in which the grounds were being kept, and announced a balance of $268 00
Tutsi 31
Total 11
Three price ranges
In the men a contest rinks and scores were.
Pembroke
E. H. Gullick Win. Labow J. E Bevens H B. Partridge
Skip—12
Playing much improved hockey than the previous game with Fort
Coulonge. Shawville defeated the Campbells Bay entry in the Pontiac Senior Hockey League by 1 a score of 5 to 2, in a fast hard- \ fought game on Wednesday even- , ing Jan’y 18th. Only two penalties were handed out during the play G. G. McDowell | The scorers for Shawville were Spence McC redie
Shawville
R. G Hodgins
G.	McDougall W. E Shaw
H.	M. Turner
Skip—4
19c per yd,, 25c per yd., 29c per yd.
Wabasso Sheetings
A knit
L. Hodgins L A. Matthews G. W. Campbell S. L. Biggs
Red Dale (2), C. Hyndman, H. Dale and S. Langford, and for Camp-C. H. MacLean | hell’s Bay E. Ranger and E. John*
•ton.
The Lineups :
Shawville—Goal, Hayes; defence, Leslie Dale and C. Hyndman ; centre, Red Dale ; wings, H. Dale and Langford ; subs, Clements, Elliott, Young, Judd, Gibson.
Campbell s Bay—Goal, Rouleau ; defence, Hanrahan and Proudfoot ;1 centre, Ranger ; wings, J. Doyle Loken : subs, E. Johnston, Letts, Reimick, Smith, Heaphy, Bowie and R. Johnston.
Referees—Chas. Bolain of Campbell's Bay, and A Newton, of Shawville.
A. D
This is the time of year to make up your bed linens and quilts etc.
Special Unbleached Sheeting, 81 inch
Width, extra quality, per yard 43 cts
72 inch Unbleached Sheeting
Clear and Strong, per yard
84 inch Extra Heavy Sheeting
Unbleached, per yard
Skip— 9
Skip—13
Total 13
Total 25
h





I


3È


39 cts |

Mrs. R W. McMillan
The death occurred at Grace Hospital, Ottawa, on Wednesday. January 18th, of Mrs. R. W. McMillan. of 238 Gilmour street, Ottawa.
Born at North Clarendon, Que , in 1899, the late Mrs McMillan was foimerly Clara Elizabeth Horner daughter of Mrs. Horner and the late Ralph Horner, of Wyman, She married R. W. McMillan about two and a half years ago and worshipped at Bethel Pentecostal
Tabernacle.	.
The funeral was held on Friday from the parlors of Hulse and
Playfair Limited,	¦
North Clarendon United Church where service was conducted by Rev. C B. Smith assisted by Rev. R. G. Newman, pastor of Clarendon United churches. Interment was made in North Clarendon United cemetery.
husband, R W McMillan ; her mother, Mrs Ralph Horner, of Wyman ; four brothers, Allan Horner, of Wyman ; Easton Horner, of Debden, Sask., and William and Harry Horner, of Blaine I*ake, Sask., and one sister, Mrs. Wm. Brouse, of Ottawa.
Pall bearers were, Messrs. Forest Prendergast, Robert Hartley, W. J Horner, Alf Armstrong, B. 0. Horner, H. I Smith.

<
m
f;

l

59 cts
j
5
1
Special Bleached Sheeting (Hospital)

A motion of appreciation of the services of Rev. A. F. Fokes was unanimously carried, and they were invited to remain for their ninth year which they will begin in 1939	mm I I
The officers elected are :
Session -For one year, Walter Harris, R. P Eades, N. D. Kilgour, Clifford Wilson. Harold Hodgins, J. B. Kilgour. For two years, W. A. Hodgins, W. T Barber, Rexford Wilson, T Lynch.
Stewards—For one year, Edgar Hodgins, Dr. S E McDowell, David T. Hodgins, C. H. MacLean, Arthur Dagg, Wellington Armstrong. Hulbert Armstrong For two years, Mrs R. P Eades, Mrs. H. Hayes, Mrs. H Hodgins, Roy Macfarlane, John H. Murray, C N. Woodley. Harold Dagg, John R McDowell, Harold Hayes, Dwight McDowell, Dr. D. J. Campbell,
At the close of the meeting ¦! frp#hinent* were served by the ladies of the congregation.
per yard 65 cts

Ottawa, to
Comforter Batts
Pillow Cottons

See the remnant table
her
ourners were,
in

W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Quebec
Shawville
Rt, Hon. R. B Bennett
this wash
of Canada who ieav
ai Juniper Hill. Surrey, Borland
to
###PAGE###2###
Says Women of Australia Are Ahead of Ours
Quality Gives Flavour
a glimpse of a familiar coupe. Thou a smile curved her lips. Funny how In all that maze of traffic she could see but one car; could recognise that bumped place on the rear left fender, and the way the license plate hung crookedly down near the bumper. The bus sped up and she caught a glimpse of Larry; his felt hat turned down at the familiar angle, his collar up around his chin. Then the cars separated and he was lost ahead In the rain, cutting In and out with the speed he loved. She hoped he would be careful. So many accidents happened In the rain. Probably she was too traffic conscious, she told herself, from working in an atmosphere of reckless driving, speeding, Illegal parking phrases all day
¦ad Accident
The bus slowed down with an abruptness that threw her against the window. A scene flashed across her eyes, changed, melted Into m new picture, but not before certain things stamped themselves Indelibly on her consciousness. The familiar coupe with Its bumped fender cutting out dangerously close to the bus, speeding away, other cars slamming on brakes, wheeling out —away from a rain soaked bundle on the pavement.
The bus driver was already out. Voices came in the door. "She was standing in the safety zone"—"Hit-run driver—" "The woman's done for, but the kid still moves—" Words, words that beat at her like machine-gun bullets.
The lights still made bright pools of colour in the rain, but the bundle on the street that now evolved into two limp figures, overshadowed all else.
S SERIAL STORY
X

HIT-RUN LOVE
COPYRIGHT. ISS# NIA StRVIÇg. INS.

BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
A
A
A
Feminist From “Down Under” Cites Their Advantages Over American Women
so that worry was lessened, the family liked him. Liked his free and easy-going manner, his acquaintances with the big city, with those magic names that meant society in the west end.
The memories faded. Judge Kelly came back to the bench; the gavel rapped for order. Pat tightened her grip on the pencil and filled another sheet with notes.
The day wore on. Tom Sweeney sat sprawled out In the witness chair, his brown hair with red lights in it tumbled over his broad forehead, his brown eyes friendly as they looked at Pat. Nothing fearsome about him now, she thought, but those same eyes could be cold and searching when he was questioning people. She smiled back at him. He was new on the Job, and not yet at ease In the court, was well thought of over at police headquarters, she had heard. That was why he had been assigned to the tough traffic job.
He pushed his hair back and he leaned down from the chair, tough Saturday," he said in that deep voice that had made many people squirm earlier In the day. "We ran overtime, didn’t we? Hard on His Honor, too." He nodded his head toward the judge’s chamber. "His wife's on the phone, and on the muscle. He stood her up for lunch."
Lunch—Pat realized it was indeed late for lunch. She glanced at the clock, and then at the darkness outside. Rain was trickling down the window and the smoke from a freighter heading up river hung low upon the water.
"Going to finish all those notes before you knock off for a sandwich?" bis voice came to her. "How about going down to the drug store foro something? You won't have to take my words of wisdom down then, you know."
She smiled, but shook her head. "I don’t think I'll take time. I have an orange In my desk. I want to get through early. Thanks, though."
Nothing Real But Larry She wanted to finish up. wanted to get away to do some shopping and hurry home to be ready when Larry came — Larry!—the name sang through her heart. The room faded away. Nothing was real except Larry and herself.
"Ought to take time off to relax," Tom's voice came to her again. "Or is all this rush for a special reason? A young man, I suppose." He grinned and turned to answer a question as the desk sergeant came over.
Back in the little cubbyhole that she used for an office Pat looked at her face in a tiny mirror, wondered if her happiness could be seen In her eyes as a flag. Soon it wouldn’t be a secret. In another month they would announce the engagement. She could imagine the words staring at her from the Sunday papers: "Mrs. Dennis McGraw announces the engagement of her daughter, Patricia Mary, to Laurence Kent."
Until then it was her own. Ilevs and Larry's. She went back to her work, her fingers flying over the keys, playing a melody of promise.
Intermittent showers came and went while she hurried through her work. And then out on the street, running to the shop where she had seen the brightly colored breakfast set, gay flowers against a background, squat cups, a funny cream and sugar set, tea towels in plaid, and a few odd plates rich in the shades of old Mexico.
Soon they would be in her own home. She wished sometimes that Larry felt the thrill she did in furnishing their home. He felt it np
And
CHAPTER II
That was the first time she had experienced his persuasive manner and she had demurred, even argued, but he had carried cut his plan. Soon she was in his car, not one of the great shining ones, but a car that made them two against the world with the snow beating down harder without, and laughter and easy talk within. He had snapped an the radio and talked quickly to break the formality.
He was interested in her work, in the people she met in the court — the attorneys, bondsmen, judges.
"It pays to have friends like that," he had said casually. They can help you out."
Pat nodded slowly. “Yes, I suppose they can. I got my job there because of my father. He knew influential people when he was alive. But I never thought of needing the help of important people for myself. 1 guess I'd rather get places on my own."
"You shouldn't have much trouble," he had said smiling down at her.
Mrs. Linda Llttlepohn, a leading Australian feminist, dangled her country’s "advantages" before American women this week—not to lure tourists but to spur women Into politics here.
Mrs. Llttlepohn said Australia Is ahead of the United States on these counts:
1. The Australian government "recognises the value of home life" by requiring employers to pay a minimum basic wage (now about $18 • week) to all men 21 or over. It's based on the cost of living for a man, wife and one child, and Is revised from time to time.
Mothers Get Bonus
Î. Throughout Australia, a $20 bonus Is given to each mother In the low income group on the birth if each child. In New South Wales, she Is given a bonus (about 25 cts. a week) for each baby after the first.
3.	A mother is the equal guardian of her child with Its father by law and can bequeath her guardianship.
4.	Throughout Australia, a married woman has complete control of her Income and can make contracts at her discretion.
“Politics Women's Field"
«'Politics Is most definitely women’s sphere today," Mrs. Llttlepohn said. «‘Every single thing that touches homes has become a matter of government consideration — health, divorce, the cubic space in a house and the way food is manufactured.
•S
Household Hints
/«YOU
A large wooden button mould Into the corner of a Slab-
sewn
cloth will be found uaeful when cleaning enamel aaucepana.
Secrets
Tighten the sagging cane of a chair by washing in hot water and drying in a strong draught
A good dustless duster is made by soaking old knitted underwear in kerosene for 24 hours and drying thoroughly.
For appearance sake and to prevent injury to the hands, rub the edges of chipped crockery smooth with emery paper.
After washing cut-glass in warm soapy water, rinse in strong blue water. This will make it easier to*polish snd gives a sparkling brightness.
To shred soap finely, use a grater instead of a knife.
Clean a red brick fireplace by applying a paste made of Venetian red and water.
One way to prevent the bottom crust of custard or pumpkin pie from becoming soggy is to brush it all over lightly with beaten egg white before adding the filling.
. When starching dark- colored clothes tint the starch a bit to prevent it from showing white on the dark fabric. Use commercial tints, or bluing for color with a blue cast; coffee for dark browns.
Keep a supply of bouillon cubes on your pai.try shelf to add to stews, gravies and meat soups which do not have an appetizing brown color. And they add flavor as well.
*
Looks
h
He
fy<Vvlr<V%a
vm.-
YOUR BEAUTY IN THE BALANCE
Last week’s article suggested a Beauty Stocktaking, and this week we will consider a few other points of beauty that need to be weighed.
How Is your figure? Is It youthful and supple, or is It inclined to sag in parts? Spend a few minutes dally on limbering and stretching exercises to keep the body pliant. If you need to reduce In parts, you must obtain a reducing cream and massage It In. And you also need special exercises. 1 can tell you a lot more about these If you will write me.
If you are considerably overweight, of course there Is nothing for It but a period of dieting aud exercise. Don’t worry about weight tables, though. Ask yourself whether you’re feeling fit and looking well. If your answers are satslfac-tory to yourself, you con afford to laugh at weight tables!
Do not overlook your hair and hands. Dull, lifeless hair needs a good vaseline hair tonic to bring back Its lustre. Once a week have a shampoo; you will find a nmlsifted cocoanut oil shampoo that will thoroughly cleanse the hair of all grease and dust that accumulates so rapidly. Nothing takes the place of constant brushing, however, so ply your hair brushes religiously every day.
Are your hands coarse and reddish? Use a hand lotion often. When my hands are Inclined to chap around the backs of the fingers and knuckles, 1 rub a little lypsyl salve on them and It Is very comforting.
Write to me If you want confidential advice in your personal beauty problems. And you can get any of the following Interesting leaflets by sending a 3c stamp for each one:-Facial Care, Glamorous Hair, Fascinating Eyes. Bust Du, velopment, Superfluous Hair, Underweight, Slimming, Hand Beauty, Feet Care and Reducing In Spot*.
Please address your letter to: Barbara Lynn. Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto, Out.
"A
Contacts Help
That was the beginning. The •now had melted, the Ice lu the river had broken, stark trees put on a fuss of green, and the winter coat had given way to a tight little belted jacket that meant spring and summer. But their meetings continued. Larry had arranged that, and •he had co-operated. Had managed to slip away from work for hasty luncheons with him down town, had hurried to finish work so that she could ride home with him, had saved her money diligently to buy clothes that would make his eyes crinkle with delight when he saw them. "
Larry liked her to dress well. Probably because he was closely associated with such gorgeous things as cle luxe cars which he sold, she told herself. And he liked her knowing Important people.
"it’s a salesman’s weakness, darling," he told her. "Contacts, we call them. They help plenty.’’
His own contacts had proven valuable because his work was coming on excellently. So good in fact that only last week he had brought the quick tears of happiness to her eYes.
“It's been five months now, Pat. What about it? You know 1 love you. Shall we be engaged?"
And so now here life was full, complete. A few more months preparing for their home, and then marriage. Larry had promised to get the boys jobs during vacation.
(To be Continued)
*
Smart Cotton Home Frock . . . Lifted Waistline
Look For Stripes In Spring Suits
Women Will Be Wearing Mannish Fabrics—Striped Woollens Combined With Plain Materials
t
/
!
/
PARIS — Striped woollens, take precedence In popularity over the checks for the coming season. Tailored clothes appear In a variety of stripes—narrow, wide or zig-zag.
The new woollens are similar to those - used in men's suits only a great deal lighter in weight, and are usually in neutral shades with brightly colored pin-stripes. Carefully selected wardrobes will consist of striped jackets and plain skirts, or vice-versa.
Skirts Different
The woollens created by Meyer are mainly chevron-striped. They come in grey or beige, and sometimes in color combinations like royal blue, yellow and black; lacquer red, turquoise and black, corn-yellow, rust and turquoise; strawberry, piue-green, gold and black.
Lesur features woollens In which the stripes stand out in strong relief against neutral or white backgrounds.


More than 180 parts used in automobiles, in addition to tires, are manufactured by the rubber industry. Engine mountings, hose, floor and running-board covers, and upholstery materials, are in-' eluded.
t #

How Women in Their 40’s Can Attract Men
m
• # •
She
Household
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS

A
f • *
• • 4 • f
i- •.
1 -X\r
Here's good advice for a woman during bar change (usually from 3S to 62), who turns sha ll lorn her appeal to men. who worries
Sis’1
V •
& %
$ + • ^ • :< e
ENERGY BEVERAGES
When the question comes up, as it does on winter days, of what to serve k’ic skiiers and skaters after their invigorating hours in the open, there arc several answers one
late. It is a popular beverage with sporting enthusiasts of all ages, and is valuable for its energy-giving qualities as well as the" soothing nourishment it provides for tired bodies. Hot gingerbread with whipped cream, waffles with syrup or thick slices of chocolate cake topped with snowy icing will be welcome accompaniments.
HOT CHOCOLATE
2	squares unsweetened chocolate 1 cup water
3	tablespoons sugar Dash of salt
3 cups milk
Add chocolate to water in top of double boiler and place over tow flame, stirring until chocolate is melted and blended. Add sugar and salt and boil 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Place over boiling water. Add milk gradually, stirring constantly then heat. Just before serving, beat with rotary egg beater until light and frothy.-Serves f>. .
To simplify the matter of hot drinks, make a jar of chocolate syrup a permanent fixture in the refrigerator. Then without any muss, even the youngest members of the family can serve hot chocolate.
Uses For Salt
Just get more fresh sir, à hrs, sleep end it you need a reliable ‘ WOMAN'S" tonic take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, made espme/Zg for women. It helps Nature build up physical resistance, thus helps give more vivacity to enioy life and assist calming jittery nerves and those disturbing symptoms that often accompany change of Me.
is WELL WORTH trying.
* » » <
• * •
It is surprising what can be achieved by the aid of the simplest things. Many willing helpers await you on your kitchen shelf.
Among them is salt. We think of Woül&Il I& Assessor, it as a condiment, but there are
numerous other ways in which it |	* F € & S U F611, Of 1 OWll
can be of service, as our grandmothers and greatgrandmothers knew. •
If anything boils over in the oven, sprinkle the shelf with salt.
Thit, will prevent the smell of burning from going through the house.
Salt and coal oil make an excellent cleaner for badly stained sinks.
To remove a wine stain from table linen, cover the stain with wet salt, leave it for half an hour, and then wash it out in hot soapy water.
2997
SIZES 14- 46
to the food part but only for the beverage—hot choco-
Pinkham'e
Flatters Young or Mature Figures
By LOUISE LENNOX
The woman with a mature figure can’t do better than this figure-flattering cotton home frock with its lifted waistline. It has a soft bodice . . . moulded hips . . slim buttoned-down-the-front closing. The square neck is especially becoming and comfortable. Two huge patch pockets are decorative and useful for one hundred and one things one picks up about the house. An illustrated sewing instruction guide included, enables you to run it up on the sewing machine in just the briefest of time.
First woman to run the affairs of a Saskatchewan municipality is Mrs. J. E. Cameron, who has been appointed assessor and treasurer of the village of Findlater.
Mrs. Cameron’s appointment was made by the Provincial Government of Municipal Affairs, upon the resignation of the village council and the inability of getting any others to serve on the council.
cream
Start Ffllow These Easy Directe to Ease tin Pita art Dbcariirt mi Sara Throat Acto*paiyli| Colls.
• •

t


to her.
L To ease pin and
You'll have to live with them." he had said, "whatever you get will be all right with me. I have enough to do talking colors and fabrics when I’m selling cars.”
Yet she knew he liked nice things; rugs, crystal, pictures and clothes. During the winter social he had told her of some of
«•
fmr take I "AspiikT Tablets—drink a gins of water. Repeat in 2
*
t
m
m


Style No. 2997 is designed for sizes* 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44 and 46 inches bust. Size 36 requires 3 3-8 yards of 39-inch material with 2 yards of ruffling and 2 yards of binding.
Pleuromonas jaculans, world’s smallest animal, has a body less than one three-thousandths of an inch long, and lives in ditches and
pools.
a
t

season
the big homrs in tin* west end where he had gone on business.
•‘Young Dottie Barnes got a new-convertible yesterday.” he once fold her. “A debut present from her old man. 1 took it out and drove her around for a trial spin. What a house and what a girl! She is yôung, but she sure knows how to wear clothes. Not bad company


2. It throat is raw from ceM, crush and dissolve 3 "Aspirin” Tablets in i/3 glass of water... pigie.
me
£

had
Send fifteen cents (15c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Peerless Patterns, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you w ish..
• MUSCULAR
i
/
RHEUMATIC
PAINS-ACHES

It’s the way thousands know to get almost immediate relief. Make sure you get “Aspirin” Tablets.
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and sore throat accompanying colds.	Ji
Try it Thai —see your doctor He probably will tell you to continue with “Aspirin” because it acta eo
fast to relieve WÈÈÈÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ And to reduce fever.
This simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely eupplanL " the use of strong medicines in eaeng cold symptoms. Perhaps the ea most effective way yet discovered.
either.”
For a moment a stab of Jealousy had gone through her, and then she had silently laughed It away. It wag she whom he loved, she whom he had chosen, led with bundles she waited In the shelter of a door for her bus, and scrambled on as another rush of rain broke over the city. She slipped into a seat shaking the drops from her collar, wiping the mist from the window to watch the borne going traffic snarl and AM tangle on the greasy pavement.
Lights were flickering on in store windows, headlights of cars made highlights on the wet streets. People ran and scurried at crossings, and cars honked and Jockeyed at stop lights. '
Her eyes narrowed as she caught
It takes more than “just a salve” to bring relief. It takes a * irritant99 like good old ,Musterole —soothing, warming, penetrating ¦¦kelpful in quickly overcoming local congestion and pain when rubbed on the aching spots.
Muscular lumbago, soreness and generally yield promptly, than the old fashioned mus-

CHOCOLATE SYRUP
4 or 5 squares unsweetened chocolate
1	cup sugar
2/3 cup hot water
2	egg yolks, slightly beaten
Melt chocolate over hot water ; cool to lukewarm. Add sugar to water, stirring until sugar is dissolved ; cool to lukewarm. Add syrup to egg yolks, one-fourth at a time, beating well after each addition; odd chocolate in same way. Then continue beating one «limite, or until slightly thickened. Turn into ly; place in refr trill keep blespoons syrup for 1 cup milk. Makes 2 cups syrup.
HAVE YOU
f Ah-R Is a
r Mr*
grand Idea sweetening my morning cereal with
BEE IIVE.

INDIGESTION, GAS?
and
With her arms fli-
the
_ TF yon are troubled ; 1 with gas, heart-i bum or indigr^tion. I try a tonic that will I improve your digea-F lion. Dr. Pierce's R Golden Medical Discovery ¦¦¦ ] the action ; stomach so that f<xxl h will be digested bet-
t:

stiffness
tard plaster, Musterote has been used by millions for 30 years. Recommended
discomforts of a cold.
¦



by many doctors and nurses. WÊÊÊMttgnada, in three strengths: Regular, Children's (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, each.

¦
:
improves of the
un-
it gel ee
I
ririe
ilium. Oat., eeyet "After relief I Sleeted end suffered f
, cover tigbt-^¦¦^¦¦^^1. Syrup veral days. Use 2 ta-
heartburn and imdi-
,C
1 felt very
kadi
s..
“ASPIIIK”
1
of
Issue No. 3 —'39
wonderful. It relieved me

h and that end It built me right *p " Aak j day fee h la liquid er tablets -

B
###PAGE###3###


Welcome Home” To New Conservative Leader
before it was 66.1, and ten years before that it was 88.8 per 100,. 000 population. But, while tuberculosis has been decreasing, statistics show cancer to have been increasing from 99.6 in 1927 and 122.6 in 1987.
statesmen was too powerful. The whole problem was “referred to the Committee on Internal Economy," which Is another way of saying that It was ditched.
In the Parliamentary Press Gallery, opinion Is divided as to the wisdom of installing a system that would make for clearer hearing. The political reporters would appreciate such a thing when good speeches are being made but, un fortunately, a great deal of chaff Is mixed with the straw.
Sunday School
Firemen Were Mad
I
a January gale, just when Oah-awa's firemen were busy battling chimney and other fires, a call from the north end came in. A citizen wanted his skating rink flooded. P S.—It wasn't.
Lesson
Diesel engins motor trucks are rapidly replacing the gaaohme type in Liberia.
LESSON IV
PETER DENIES HIS LORD ‘Luke 22:31-84, 64-62“
••Let 1 him that
Golden Text
thlnketh he etandeth take heed
lest he faW." 1 Cor. 10:12.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time — Thursday evening, April 6, A D. 30.
Place — Tho warning was given by our Lord In the upper room of the last supper; the denial occur. red in the court-yard of the high priest’s palace.
31.	Simon, Simon, behold, Satan asked to have you, that he might sift you as wheat.
32.	But I. This verse Is bright with the light of our Lord's love and power. He, the one speaking, knew the power of Satan as no man has ever known It, and In every conflict with Satan be won.
Made supplication for thee, that thy faith fall not. We should not lose ourselves In speculating whether or not Christ could have kept Satan from tempting Peter; this we can be sure of, that Christ had his purpose in allowing this temptation. For this reason Christ did not pray that Peter should not be even tempted, but that in the temptation he would not lose his faith, prayer was answered. Peter did fall, he did deny the Lord. As long as a man has i'aith, anything Is possible. This Is one thing that the devil cannot take away from you and me, once we know the saving power of the Lord Jesus Christ. And do thou, when once thou hast turned again, establish thy brethren. The Lord not only knew that Peter would deny him, but he also knew that Peter would be restored, and would be used mightily in strengthening bis brethren In the days to come.
33.	And he said unto him, Lord,
with thee I am ready to go both to prison and to death. Instead of falling at the Lord’s feet, and pleading with him regarding the terrible fact concerning which Christ was here informing him. Peter has more confidence in his own feelings than in Christ’s word.	•
34.	And he said, I tell thee. Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, until thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me. It would seem that every conceivable experience ef which the human heart Is capable would have strengthened Peter that night to die before saying anything against the Savior.
64. And they seized him, and led him away, and brought him Into the high priest’s house. But Peter* followed from afar off.BBH when they had kindled a fire In the midst of the court, and had sat down together. Peter sat In the very midst of them. Peter has no defense to make for his denials. There was only one word of hope that he could recall. Jesus had said, when he foretold his fall, “and do thou, when once thou hast turned again, establish thy brethren* (Luke 22:32). Jesus, then, did have faith In his recovery, and did hold out work for him to do after that. Peter fell into bad company the instant he fell out with God. We follow Jesus afar off when we refuse to defend the doctrine of redemption before unbelievers who scoff; when we strain Christian liberty to see how much we can indulge In worldliness.
56. And a certain maid seeing him as he sat in the light of the fire, and looking steadfastly upon him, said, This man also was with him-. Peter was taken completely by surprise. It was as If * mask had been torn from his face. In a moment the Instinct of terror seized him. Indeed, there was a further shame: how could he confess himself the disciple of the Master whom lie had heard blasphemed without protest?
67.	But he denied, saying. Woman I know him not.
68.	And after a little while another saw him, and said. Thou also art one of them. But Peter said, Man, I am not. 69. And after the space of about one hour another confidently affirmed, saying, Of a truth this man also was with him; for he Is a Galilean. 60. But Peter said, Man, I know not what thou sayest. Once Peter began to lie, he had to keep It up. The third denial was the basest of them all, because he had had more time to consider what he was doing. It indicates definitely that Peter had decided In hisl heart to go on lying about Je- | •us and denying Jesus what the Psalmist calls a •‘presumptuous sin." (Ps. 19:13) And immediately, while he yet spake, the cock crew. 61 a. And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter.
Luke 22:61, 62. 61 b. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, bow that he said unto him, Before the cock crow this day thou shalt deny me thrice.	>
62. And he went out, and wept bitterly. Peter's pride Is broken.
His boastfulness is gone; from this boar he is a different man. He wss a Christian before, but now he also knows the Lord, right now be also knows that he himself can do nothing In his own strength. He wept because he knew hie own self had met a final defeat; he wept because the love of Chrlat had been poured <6few Into bis treacherous heart
I This Curious World
By William Ferguson

More Marriages, Births Recorded
In Ontario, 1937
the: lon<3-tauoht
NEW-BORN CHILDREN HAVE BLUE EYES
HAS BEOsI
DISPROVED.

Statistics Show Increase in Population, With Cities and the Rural Areas Gainging at Expense of Towns Deaths Down
I

“T. B”
0
Cr

c
B
C
Marriages and births are up in Ontario, ‘according to the vital statistics for 1937 prepared by the Ontario Government.
Eight persons out of every 1,000 entered marriage in 1937. The figure, to be exact, is 8.1, compared with 7.5, per 1,000 in 1936, and 7.8 in 1928. The birth rate increased to 16.6 per 1,000 of population in 1937, above 13.8 in 1936. But it is below the rate of 1928, which was 20.9.
Population 3,711,000 • Since 1928 Ontario’s population has moved from 3,229,000 to 3,711,000 in 1937, but the movement of population has been toward cities and rural areas rather than towns. Both rural and city population has increased, but town population—that is, people living in towns of 5,000 or over creased.	|H|
The tuberculosis death rate in 1987 dropped to 35.4. Ten years
e

Jill
In recognition of his recent election to the leadership of the Conservative party in Ontario, his native city of Guelph tendered a banquet in honor of Col. George Drew. Mayor W, G. Taylor is shown, RIGHT,
reading an address of welcome to the recently elected Conservative leader.
*

)
mi

.
EXAA1 / (NATfO NS UNDER MODERN ILLUMINATION HAVE
DURING THE PAST HOLIDAY SEASON,
tumbleweeds.
(N
This
Fat Men Leaders In Selling Line
Test Acoustics Of Parliament
Commons and Senate Chamfer ers of Ottawa Make Hearing Difficult
IN THEIR. EVES.
AND SPRAYED WITH SILVER AND WHITE, WERE l	t _
CHRISTA* AS
i
They Do the Best in Business, Investigations Show—Make Topnotch Salesmen
de-
Xl
Fat men do best In business, according to investigations carried out by the National Institute of Industrial Psychology and Herr Ernst Kretschmer, a German psychologist.
mediterranean sea
The parliamentary session Just started has revived the question of the acoustics of the Senate and the House of Commons. In the Commons chamber particularly it Is next to impossible for people la the public galleries to hear debates unless the speakers raise their voices to a pitch more suitable te the hustings than to the House. The Senate chamber Is smaller and la there the conditions are not ee bad; but they are still not good.
May Wire For Sound Last season the Senate made am attempt to Improve things. An experiment was made with the Installation of a public-address system, and the chamber was wired for sound. One evening at adjournment the contrivances were tried out la general the effect was good, much better than without the system. But the conservatism of the elder
VTHAT ONCE

No Fire

An institute Investigator has been touring British selling organizations recording the weights of sales managers. He found that "go-getters" averaged 173 pounds while the not-so-successfut were fifteen pounds lighter. He said:
'T found that men with full, smooth faces, thin figures and wiry build have a tendency to be polite, sensitive, earnest, exclusive In their friends, cold and emotionally crippled.
•‘They make good professors, engineers, and detail workers, but are not so successful as sales managers. They-are more methodical and painstaking, but are Inclined to be overanxious.
• They are logical and more capable of planning, but not so able to put plans Into force."
Both city firemen at London, Ontario, and provincial police were called to the scene of an unusual accident on No. 4 high- * way, opposite the Hunt Club, when William Duncanson, 60, of Byron, Mich., skidded on the icy road, swerved from one side to the other, snapped off a hydro pole and ended up against a stout tree. In breaking off the hydro pole the alarm system leading to Mount St. Joseph’s Orphanage, was set off and city firemen responded to the alarm.
Thursday’s God
HORIZONTAL 1 God after whom Thursday is named. 5 He is called
le
14 Ingenuous.
I 16 To swell
19 His magic
-----makes
lightning.
21	Imbecile.
22	Aviator.
25	Pertaining to the ear.
26	Meditates exultantly*
27	Period.
32 Twitching.
34 Food container.
36 Strong.
38	One and two.
39	To roost
41 Bill of fare.
43	Measure of area.
44	Toward.
45	Fairy.
46	Starch.
47	To perch.
48	Male child.
51	Fence raiL
52	Mesh of lace.
54 Road.
56 Sound of laughter.
» 4
inaidan
ramo h
h raum
iiftfïl fü
Rciniî Hsr.1
I
A
9 His story is told in the Norse
13 Large gullies.
15 Sickness.
7	Licit
8	A brief rule.
19	Female fowl ZJI
20	Bugle plan
22	By.
23	Arid.
24	Like.
25	Retaliating,
27	Owed.
28	Sick.
29	Fen.
30	Darkness.
I
55. And
O
I
Are You Listening?
I
Sales Show Dfop In Country Stores
L
i
By FREDDIE TEE
I
Sales of country general stores in Canada in November, 1938, were 6.2 per cent lower than in November, 1937, according to returns received by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics from 700 merchants located in villages and rural areas throughout the Dominion.
Decreases were registered in all economic divisions. Sales in the Maritime Provinces showed the largest drop, that of 13 per cent, while sales in Quebec were down six per cent., Ontario five, Manitoba eight, Saskatchewan 1.3, Alberta six and British Columbia seven.
HERE AND THERE
Eddy Duchin, NBC pianist and orchestra leader, was selected as one of the country’s ten outstanding young men In the current edl- ' lion of Dur ward Howes’ ‘'America’s Young Men," the “Who’s Who" of the younger set.
When he Isn't haranguing Baby Snooks In NBC's Good News of 1939 broadcasts, Hanley (Papa) Stafford dodges about from one stamp auction to another for Items to add to his collection.
YOUTHFUL VETERAN Eve Abbott has crowded a lot of radio, screen and stage acting into
her years. She
started In college
dramatics in her
native
while a freshman
at the University
of Buffalo;
given a Job in Katherine Cornell's troupe after Miss Cornell's father had accidentally discovered her In a college play; got to Hollywood after four years with Cornell and was screened In “Service de Luxe" and "Road to Reno", and Is now heard on such CBS programs as Robert Benchley's “Melody and Madness", “Our Gal Sunday" and “Kate Smith Hour". On the Bench-ley program, Eve Is occasionally
cast In the rolo of the comedian’s "Stooge".
OLD - COUNTRY RECEPTION
One of the engineering advancements of the 1939 Rogers Spread-Bind models provides six Individual spread-band dials, each 10" wide with only one dial visible at a time. This feature simplifies tuning, particularly for women. By spreading out each of the four short-wave bands, from one Inch to ten Inches, Old-Country reception Is now easy to tune in without interference.
PAGE BOY TO RADIO STAR
The story of the rise of Bobby Gibson, featured vocalist on Ben
VERTICAL
1	Transposed.
2	Mauls
3	Kiln.
4	Equipage.
5	To excavate.
6	Bone.
7	Paid public!*.
• Ascended.
9 Encountered.
10	36 indies.
11	Russian emperor.
12	Pronoun.
45 Postscript 47 Brings legal
suit
49	Railroad.
50	Either.
51	Leguminous plant
31 To make lace 53 To overlook.
55 Pecuniary burden.
57 He is the god
33 To dine. 35 Right 37 Kindled.
39	Father.
40	Mystic syllable.
42 To punish.
of
58 He drives a goat-drawn
1
II
1


¦	i Bernie's Sunday
¦	programs over the
¦	Columbia network fl sounds like an old fl time Horatio Alg-
¦	er tale. Little I more than a year
¦	ago Bobby was a E page boy in the K same CBS play-I j house which row L displays his name U and picture in the §1 lobby. One day he M was overheard “ singing in an empty studio by a radio executive,
m
Stalin is personally directing the Russian development of Arctic Sea routes.
17
Buffalo,

»v'Wi
w
5
A New Cure For Reckless Driving
4

Mayor Fred Hucster hopes to make Scranton, Pa., safe through "embarrassing reckless drivers by painting circles on the rear of their cars." A first offensç against , traffic laws would rate a yellow ring, a second offense red and a third blue. The circles will stay on 80 days—if the city legal department decides the punishment is lawful. The mayor reasoned a marked car would get a wide berth.
&
I
Eve
Bobby Gibson
and given a chance on an early morning program. The listener response to his romantic baritone was Immediate and enthusiastic, and Bernle, appraised of the fact, hurried to sign him as the star of his own show.

Abbot
46
POP—Jig-Saw Nerves
By J. MILLAR WATT
This is
Jk
JIG-SAW PUZZLES ARE BAD FOP YOUR	>
NERVES	A

\
0.
i
I
THIS ONE'S MADE ME GO ALL TO PIECES /
1 KNOW
i
# #

3,
I

X


L IMf
###PAGE###4###
Z
—
Health Doetors point out that, whereas the cause of such diseases as cholera, plague, yellow fever, malaria, typhoid j hiver, typhus, diphtheria, scarlet fever j and others has been discovered, cancer has defied all efforts for research scient-iets. All are agreed, however, that there is hope for those whose earner troubles are early diagnosed, and prompt ly treated. Early reporting of all pected cam:** is being urged. • '^	l
It is believed the Ottawa meeting on February »st. will be one of the most important united efforts of the medical profession and non-medical men Canadian drive for improvement of the health of the people. S'	' 1
THE EQUITY
, _____
After examination of collection roll it | Lanaohid February let was homologated without change,won motion of Com. Atom.	Stimulation of public inteiest in pre-
Motion — Com. Burden — That 0. | vent ion as well a* treatment of Caqoer, Bourgoise be paid $8 00 per cord for two admittedly one of the most battling of cords dry pine at each school.—Carried human ailments, is the aim of the Cana-On motion of Com. Burden, the Secrv- dian Society for the Control of Cancer, tary Treasurer was authorized to pur- whose Ottawa district unit is launching chase one Sterling Blackboard 8 x at an intensive anti-cancer campaign under #111.24 for No. I School—Carried.	vice regal i>atronage.
Motion—Com. Poole—That the care- Plans for informing the public con-takers be paid 25 cents per hour for verning measures approved for cancer actual working time at each school.— detection and treatment are being form-Carried.	ulated, and will be outlined at a mass
On motion of Com. Amm the meeting meeting to be held at the Chateau then adjourned.	Laurier, Ottawa, at 8.301>. m., on Wed
His Excellency the Oov*, nor General, who has taken a personal interest in the cancer campaign, will attend the meeting, with The Lady Tweedsmuir, and will speak His address will be carried over a national CBC hook u
We Recommend
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 26,1939
Thirty Thousand Sought Loans
(Juebec, Jan. 19—More than 30.000 applications for loans totalling $70,553.881 were received in 1938 by the Farm Loan Board, according to the annual report tabled today in the legislature
$1.80 Per toe lbs
Monarch 18 py cent. Dairy Ration
«us-
$2.00 $2.15 $1.75 $1.65 ‘
Ration $1.80
Monarch 42 per cent. Hog Supplement $3.00
Pig Starter Hog Grower
« I
II
I I
II
fl •

32

4 I
< •
I I
• i
11
Big 4 Dairy Feed Milktnaker 18 pet cent. Dairy Feed

4 4
II
II
Announce Federal Relief Grants by January 31st
# #
i c
4 #
« i
# 4
Jos A. Steele,
* Sec.-Treas
I I
• 4
4 4
Cedar Poles 3 Wanted
Dominion Government grants towards direct unemployment relief for the fiscal 1939 40 will be announced before
$2.15
I I
• I
t •

Correspondence
Fur Cedar Poles, peeled, and delivered to the aide of the road wheie they be reached by trucks, we will pay the following prices :
year
the end of January, it was learned Thursday night. Up to the end of the current fiscal year, March 31, the provinces will receive the same rate of grant as has been in general effect since October, 1937. The rate in Ontario in that period has been $463,000 a month.
$1.90
• i
i #
• •
Other,
peak at the big meeting, key-note in Dominion-wide cancer crusade, will When discussing the value of the include Dr. William Boyd, Professor of tonrisf and sportsmen's business to the Pathology, University of Toronto ; Sir residents of the Counties of Pontiac, Lyman P. Du IT. Chief Justice of Can Gatineau, Hull and Papineau, the ada ; H. Napier Moore, Toronto journs-amount of money left id these districts list end member of the‘Board of the by summer visitors and cottagers only Canadian Society for the Control of is considered. There is a very large Cancer, and others, amount of money left in the winter At the meeting memberships will be months that is seldom reckoned. When registered in the Canadian Society, the quantity ol ice and fuel required by which is forwarding a great mass of cottagers, sporting clubs, summer hotels literature on cancer from its office at 43 and boarding houses, is considered one St. George Street, Toronto. This liters-realizes at once that a young army of lure will be distributed free at the rally.
d boys are required to cut and Leading doctors of this part of On-store away the summer supply.	ada are to attend the meeting, which i*
It takes, approximately, two million being arranged in co-operation with the new classes are being five hundred thousand blocks of ice and Department of Pensions and National prepared in the office of Hon. Joseph fnrty thousand small cords of wood to Bilodeau, Minister of Commerce, 4®" supply these camps and cottages. With try and Municipal Affairs, and will be jce ^ fifteen cents per block, and wood ready for distribution within the next at three dollars per cord, makes a total
few weeks.	of four hundred and,ninety five thonsand
Mr Tache stated the Speech from the do|,Rr8 that left in the above counties
Throne had been enthusiastically re- durjng the winter months—a fortune in ceived throughout Quebec and that the any |anguage
Union Nationale Government enjoyed Properly developed by better and new more solidarity than at any time >incv roa(}8 |0 0pen up the many thousands of its election.	miles of lake shore line to *be found
within a few hours ruu of Ottawa and Hull
I i
I
to s
Laurentatn Gold
can
the
These Feeds are all made by The Maple Leaf
the open formula basis.
Price
Top
Milling Company on The kind and amount of each ingredient is
6	inch
7	11 9 "
7 11 7 "
7 "
«2 23
30 feet
2 73
30 "
3 00
35 <v 35	**
40 "
If poles are delivered to C,P.R or C N R sidings, add 25 cents to above l Fifty per cent will be paid after ipection and balance when removed. For further information apply to
O. A. HOWARD & SONS
printed on every bag. You can see and know exactly what you are paying for.
4 00
Start Vocation Training Classes In Hall
600
8.50
Vocation training classes for young
will be inaugurated in Hull shortly, under the Bilodeau-Rogers agreement, it was stated recently by Alexandre Tache, K.C, M.L.A., on his return from the opening of the Quebec Legislature.
Plans for the
men and women
prices
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REDO.
ins
men a
in
Shawville, Que.
Financial Statement

Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. 1
Year ending December 31st, 1938
Accepted at Annual Meeting of Tuesday. January 24th,
Pontiac - Renfrew
Tourist Bureau	I In the Laurentain hills there is room
----	for hundreds of times the present num-
Pembroke, Jan. 20. — A delegation, of cottages and clubs aud they would comprised of T. J. Moorhead, of Bryson, hardly be noticed in the district, and C. J. Kelly, Chapeau, representing The above quantity of ice and fuel Pontiac County, was hea^d by County does not include the amount required by Council this morning, with regard to the refreshment stands, hotels and perman-forming of a joint tourist bureau fur eut residences, and cao be treated as Pontiac and Renfrew counties.	found money. Unfortunately the un
The plan advanced by Mr. Moorhead satisfactory conditions that have existed for both counties to contribute to for the past several years has driven
1939
DISBURSEMENTS
RECEIPTS.
1937
1938
1938 e 1937 $	22.50 $ 251.96
Society Prizes:
Horse» ...
Cattle
Sheep 00
Swine ......
Poultry ..
Dairy ....
Miscellaneous Fancywork
Grain .....
Field Roots Garden Vegetables .—
$	187.50
298.50
66.00
$ 190.50 304.00
Cash on hand and in Bank, January 1st Cash on hand for prepaid members...
Members' subscriptions, 371 In 193S
297 tu 1937
Regular Grant Quebec Government .
Pontiac County Council for Short Course.—
Pontiac County Council for Fair Clarendon Municipal Grant for Fair
Shawville Municipal Grant for Fair.—
Bristol Municipal Grant for Fair.
Donations, after deducting memberships Donations from Stallions owners, utter deducting mem-
June Events
Admission to Fair	, .,	,	.	..
Rent of Hall and Spaces (after deducting memberships
W In 193$) ^—-y&J
General Revenue ......
Rent of Stalls in Barns ..
	 			

| 175.00


660
in
•••
567.00
18.00
24.60
was	|	, pppp—jUjjgPHI
the expense of printing and circulating ad thousands of prospective summer cot-
booklet advertising the beauty spots of tagers to build elsewhere, where condi-the district. He stated, Pontiac County lions have been made more attractive, was willing to put up “dollar for dollar An immediate change of heart is re with Renfrew County.” This was de-1 quirtd if this business is to reclaimed, tided at this afternoon’s session of the county council, when a committee composed of Reeve 0. B. Dennison, Rad cliffe, and F. X. Flaunt, Renfrew, and Deputy Reeve C. E Campbell, Pembroke, was appointed to work in conjunction with a similar committee already appointed by Pontiac county council,
742.00	694.00
640.00.	640.00
125.00	125.00
200.00	200.00
176.00	176.00
100.00	100.00
25.00. •
263.00	240.00
105.00
111.50

66.60
66.76
28.26
27.00


*••••
• •
140.46
136.26

		



26.00
16.00


?•••••••••••••••••••-•••••


...........
8.76
12.75
J C. McCVAIG,
Hon. Secretary
Fish & Game Protective Association Laurentian Sportsmens and Tourist Office., 195j Stain St., Hull, Que.
•••••••

38.25
38.60
• •

.



I 082.20
$	991.70
• ••
- • •

Special Prizes:
- • Horses Cattle Poultry .
Hogs and Sheep Ladies’ Dept. ...
1.40	167.60
15.00 '	223.73
1,141.25	1,194.21
$ 123 00
$ 136.65

....

	
05.25

55.40

«.........
.........
.........



25.75
33.76

.........
.....••¦•


9.00
22.00
67.00
65.00
.........».............
...
Two Pounds at Birth Now Healthy Woman of 20
(By F. G. Moses in Lethbridge Herald) Permlgsion t0 8ell on Grounds (after deducting member-Alberta still thinks the province holds ships in 1938) the record for Canada’s tiniest surviving Midway Payment Shawville, Jan. 14th, 1939 baby despite the death of Betty Lou Midway for Power
Clarendon School Boatd met on the Carruthers, of Dnimheller. Vieing for Wilson's Hall, percentage to Society
above date. Present : .Chairman Hod- honor is Orva May McNeill, of Macleod. Wilson s Hall for orchestra.........*..
gins and a full Board of Commissioners, now 20 years of age who weighed Theatre, percentage to Society..-,......
Minutes of last meeting read and “something under two pounds at birth”	for orchestra    —*........
adopted on motion of Comr. Argue
The report of the Inspector of High was in charge of the case. Owing to Schools was read and carefully noted the delicate condition of the baby at and it was moved by Comr. Hobbs, that birth it was not weighed but she would this report be accepted.—Carried.
Motion—Comr Wilson —
67.46
79.00

88.49
•••••


280.45

326.80
95.00
126.65
11.50

5<00
67.75
84.54
¦••••••••••••


61.77
80.23	Evening Horse Events
Short Course ..........
76.00	Athletics at Fair   
325.00	June Celebration
60.00	Trials of Speed,	Matinee, etc.
42.16	Bands
45.00	Amplifiers Baseball
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
100.90
••••••••A**
20.25
107.88
234.00
• •
228.13
290.00
••*••••*•
•••

H
206.00




*••••*•••••
••

• - -
$ 165.00
37.40

¦
• •
80.00
46.00

• • •• •

32.50
8	36.35

223.41
277.50
30.00
I 28.84
66.66 Light ..
33.34 Postage
Telephone -........
Express and Cartage Judges ..-......-..
66.35
?•••••e*****••*•••

according to Dr. A. H. Kennedy, who
63.40
Theatre. O. Y. Britons' share donated on debt...-Horse Show at night
Theatre Show ........
July 12th Celebration
0	—I U 1 m.	Dining Hall, Meals sold....
One of the smallest babies ever born, Meals Rlven for Services. 260 In 1938, 275 in 1937...
Orva May today is one of the brighcst, Qr#nl from Quebec. Stallion Premiums ......
925 00 healthiest and most normal girls in tin Loans on Stallions purchased, Quebec.......
Dominion. When she was born on Loans on Stallions paid by owners-------------
24	30	Nov. 19, 1918,. the doctor	said she	Value Donations
54	04	would not live. Today she is the eldest	Donations for	Trials of Speed
7	65	of five children and takes a	mot 1kmIj	* (Included	in general donations In 1937)
11	50	care of th » younger oiufs. At	the time	Special Grant,	Quebec Government...-
of her birth her parents, Mr. and Mrs	(See statement of Debt Reduction for 1938)
2	00 Blakely McNeil, resided at Standoff,
Alta., but are now residents of Macleod
1 00 The tiny mite was born at Macleod hospital and was not bathed for some 50 weeks but was rubbed with olive oil and
40 85 fed with milk from a medicine dropper Cash on hand at beginning -of year.*.
She was two months' premature and Receipts:
50 was kept in a home-made incubator	Grant from Quebec .
15 97 kept warm with hot water bottles.	Donations  .......—
25	00 The baby increased very little in weight during the. first year and at the
56 25 age of seven months she weighed 7 lbs
3	25 and although delicate during that period,
7 betthhcr own. She learned to walk be
—Carried.	fore her second birthday but talked be
Motion —- Comr. Walsh — That the fore that. Outside of ordinary child Secretary pay off all loans at the Bank ren’s diseases. Orva May has enjoyed of Montreal.—Carried.	good health and is today a splendid ex
Motion—Cooir Hobbs—That a basket ample of healthy womanhood, of apples be given to the Teacher and Note—Mis» McNeil, subject of this Pupils of No. 2 School for their quick sketch, is a grand niece of Messrs. Thos action in saving the School from fire.— and John McNeil, of Bristol.
Carried.
The mee:incr then adjourned.

60.65
308.96	92.75
245.39	227.85
65.00	68.75
1.034.00	1,059.00
1.950.00	2,100.00
600.00 ..........
62.55	» 46 70
71.00	......



6.45
			
•*••••••-•••

• •

			

25.00
	

155.07
•••.**»
164.34
• •••MM****...*,***
fit into a cigar box nicely.
• «
• •

Officers Paid mostly by membership
Advertising
Badges ....
Printing ..
Stationery .
That& the following bills be approved and paid : Wilbur Chapman, wood, Ny. 8,
Moyer School Supplies, desk
and inkwells ............
W. A. Hodgins, supplies......
R. Wallace Burry ..
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co ..
Roland Metcalfe, repairs to No.
11 School.................
H. R Ren nick, bands and hooks to S. H. S--------
Thos. Murphy, putting on storm
windows...................
Win. G Chisnell, B S C. charges Norval Kilgour, filing saws for
S. H 8...................
Est. C. J. Caldwell, supplies . .
John Walsh, 10 cords wood Vincent Hodgins. 15 cords wood
to S. H. S....... ..
Renouf Publishing Co ..
Ginn <k Co...............
77.60
74.00
******************

*******

*******

$	64.60
* *
*****
*****
76.60
•*¦
.........»

245.39
¦
••

11.06
» *
* *
•*«•••*•••••*•••••••••••¦•••*••••••*•
.	844.28
397.65
$ 8.00
Auditing .....
Hay and Straw
Sundry Labour ? i Supplies ......
Rent of Theatre for Entertainment Stallion Inspection........
200.00
• • • * •
• •
*******
•••**••••**•**•
••••***********
17.25
******
118.00
8.00
$8,534.91	$8,576.42
5.00
158.12
156.26
• • •
.. $	60.25
21.00
111.06
Improvement: Labour, General
Floodlights (§ Material, General .. WSrnm	Flocdl'ghts
STATEMENT OF REDUCTION OF DEBT FUND.
$ 171.00
92.25
224.01
284.56
... $ 200.00
*****************•••-•••••-
Insurance, (Coverage in 1938
$5,600.00) ...................
Dining Hall Supplies and Labour Dining Hall. Value of Meals as per
other sid»^........................
Interest and Bank Charges .........-
R J. Tracey, Interest @ 6% ........-
Estate J. L Shaw Interest ,v ;> % Principal
6.00
i* **************

107.86
179.71
20500
105.25
188.21
• • •
$ 376.00
68.76
65.00
Disbursements:
Wm. McCleary for Land C. Workman
56.65
11.60
* 26.00 102.90
• «
• #
¦mm

180.00
• *
** •» •
Ml
.. $	22.83
127.90
77.17
100.00
100.00
$ 248.10
C. Workman. Interest......
Directors’ Board .—.....
Soliciting ..—..........
Special Services .......
No* e paid Bank of Montreal------
Stallion Loan Paid, (Arnold
$1,950.00, Quebec, $525.00) ..
Stallion Premlums|ggg0jJ10g| Sundry Accounts for Previous Year J. M. Argue on Roofing in 1936
account	.....¦¦¦¦
Midway Tax and Power
Spur clary's la la. y General Expenses
10.00

21.50
13.50
••

30.00
24.00

BALANCE SHEET. ASSETS.

K
i
1037
1038
3.100.00
1.061.00 110.35
2.476.00
1.034.00
$3,626.00	$3,600.00
8,200.00	8,200.00
3,664.66	3,280.00
98.42	550C
248.10	171.00
172.86	176.00
31.26	111.28
733.30	22.60
Land ...........
Buildings ......
Equipment ......
Account» Recel va bleMHHHMMl
Cash on Hand for Debt Reduction .
Cash on Hand for Prepaid Members | Cash on Hand for Outstanding Cheques Cash on Hand for Current Account —

¦
Cast Masters
Bronze founding is one of the most difficult crafts on earth. A century fe nd a half ago bronze castings were |
Minutes Of South Onslow I all done on the Continent; in Italy
where the craft has been practiced since the days of Cellini.
Those who wanted commissions executed usually placed them out of Britain to save the expense of sending fragile piaster casts abroad and then paying for them to be brought back again. About a hundred years ago, notes a writer in London Tit-Bits Magazine, John Webb Singer, of Frome, traveling I C Worl on the Continent, discovered the se- j Prepaid Members ...—
~ g u weer . I - # f rets that had been handed down in Outstanding Cheques and tender of Hnrvey Smi ey for to tr familiearthrough generations and re-	Accounts Payable, Sundry ¦
cords green hardwood to Nal, U SS.60 ,urned to Britain to cast the first	Account, Payable. J. M. Argue 6a Roof
per ro'd'/‘ed Mr"	Boland	imporlaot group by a British bronze Surpl
^?ry £o,rd. s/no» for	AH	His^uecelL^ have
wood to be delivered and piled m shod,	y, tradition.
		

J. A. Dean, Sec.-Treas
200.00
•0.00
370.00
<406.00

¦
71.10
School Board

$ 7,711.11 733.30
$ tM3-93
$!6.5n.4g $l5.52;./3
January 13, 1939
A meeting of the School Commissioners of South Onslow held on the above date, at the usual place of meeting.
chairman, and Commissioners, Burden, A mm and Poole.
On motion of Com Amm the minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read. The tenders for wood were opened
3180
Cash on Hand
$ 8,576.42
$ 8,634.91
LIABILITIES
Members present :
To the President and Members of the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1:
*
$3,000.00 $3,000.00 303.40	380.67
100.09 172.86	176.00
31.25	119.23
8121
106.00 106.00 12,878.77 11,642.93
Mortgage, R J Tracey Shaw Estate (on Land)
an on Notes
I have audited the books and accounts of your Society for the year ending 81st December, 1938, and I have obtained all the Information and explanations that 1 have required.	&
And 1 report that In my opinion, the above Statements are properly drawn up so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the Society's affairs according to the best of my Information and the explanations given to me and as shown by the books of your Society.


>

- - ^

SIDNEY B. HODGINS, * ‘ Chartered Accountant

$16,673.48	6,622.73


###PAGE###5###
—

*ym


?nt
bm-


Mrs #«ka Lynch
The Equity
PRINTING
Sincere tribute to the memory of Florence Arrostroog, wife of "John Lynch, of Campbell'# Bar, who died Sunday afternoon, Jan y 15th, wan paid by many relative# and friends at her funeral held from her late residence to Ht. John the Evangellat Church, Thursday morning Requiem high mass was chanted by Rev. El wood McNally, parish prient. Interment was made in the Roman Catholic cemetery.
While Mm. Lynch had been in III health for acme time her death on Sunday afternoon came as a shock to her many friends.
Besides lier husband John Lynch, #he is survived by t%vo daughters, Mrs. Jas Mousseau, Schumacher ; Misa May Lynch, R N , Detroit, Mich.; one son, Lawrence Lynch, at home.
IstefclieMt iSea
PC
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United Statei.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
$1.60
# «

2.00
Annual January Sale of Stocktaking Specials
BLANKETS I
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinued
w. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Bishop's Widow
Ralph C. Horner Dies
All Wool White Blanket size 72x90 $10.00 for $7.75
Z

' i
Mrs
$7.50
72x90 $9.50 • 72x84 $8.00 ¦ 64x84 $7.50
Grey Blankets, all sizes 10 per cent, off White and Grey Flannelette Blankets 10 per cent, oft
ê #
• 4

4 4
Annie E«ter Horner, widow of Jfokop Ralph C. Horner, founder of the Holiness Movement Church. a section of which later became Standard Church of Canada, died Monday, 10th in*t, at the home of her daughter, Mrs H. H Elllison, of Toronto, after an illness of about a month, in her 74tb year.
Mrs. Horner had resided ¦ Ottawa the greater part of her life, and is survived bv three sons and four daughters, Ralph M Horner, of Ashton ; Asa James Horner, of Vancouver, and Arnold H. Horner, of Ottawa ; Mrs. Frank Galello, Mrs. N. H. Hale and Mrs. Lou Ray, ail of California, and Mrs. H H Ellison, of Toronto,
;The funeral was h»ld on Wednesday with Rev. E. H. Thompson, president of the Standard Church of Cm nada conducting the service at the parlors of Hu be nod Playfair. Limited, 315 McLeod street, Ottawa. Interment was in Meri vale cemetery.
$6.60
$5.95
I 4
• 4
* 4
Sales & Service
MAIN STRSIT
SHAWTILLE, QUE Shall Sealed Ga.
and Oil*
4 I
« 4
4 S
4 4
4 4
I
in
KNITTING YARN
The Famous De Luxe Hand Knitting Yarn, all col* lours. Formerly sold at 15 cents a skein.
To clear at 10 cents a skein.
General Repairs
earn* Sellable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
The
TOQUES dud CAPS
Childrens and Misses Woollen Toques, all sizes and
Half price.
Childs White Wool and Silk and Wool Caps
To Olear at *25 cents.
colours to clear at
Look Sere
Beattie’s Eye Service
John Steele Dies Suddenly At His Home Near Quyon
John St#*!#, member of one of
the early famille# of Quyon, died on Friday evening, January 20."h, at hi* borne following ft sudden seizure when he was attending the stock in the barn. He collapsed in the stable and was carried to the house by other member* of the family. Dr. R M. Hudson was called and gave emergency treatment, but Mr. Steele «nccuinbed a few minutes later.^ He was in bis
58th year.	M '	, ,	,
Born near Quyon, Mr. Steele had lived in the community all him life and enjoyed the esteem of a large circle of friends. He was a member of the United Church.
In addition to his widow, the former Mary Thomas, he is survived- by six sons, Allan, Borden, Robert, Douglas, Melville and tterltrtttl of Quyon ; fhre daughters. Misses Do:is and Phyllia Steele and Mrs. J. Beauchamp of Ottawa, and the Miame* Helen and Rita Steele at home: six brother* Harold William and Everett, of Quyon ; Clarence, of Ottawa ; Alfred, of Port Arthur, and Ebert in Western Canada.
The funeral service was held on Sunday afternoon at 1.30 o’clock at his home with Rev. Mr. Day officiating. Burial was made in Norway Hay cemetery.
For Half, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
WÎNDBRE AKERS
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
O
M18 Odd Wiudbreakers, sizes 34-36—38 to clear at $1.98
f 3 Mens Wiudbreakers. assorted colors, sizes 34 to 42
Cnmb*rUn<t °tu,t__________—|B	•	To Olear at $1.59.
R. R. No. 1. ShewTllle.
DEERSKIN MITTS
Mens Genuine Deerskin Mitts.
Scientific, Eye Examinations
roB yKA&'Sssisi^
To Olear at $1.19.
AKl'
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; iar
Eye Defects
UNDERWEAR
josaass; psr srtis
Somerville, Bryeon. (pk
Mens Shirts and Drawers, odd sizes
To Olear at 98 cents.
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS.
Professional Optometrist.
T. T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist

SLIPPERS and SHOES
$E BK-E:
one
Mens, Womens and Childrens Slippers
10 per cent off regular prices.

THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Womens Shoes, odd sizes
fiAK$
rewarded.
To Olear at $1.49
GUM RUBBERS
Annual Meeting of Stark's Corners United Church
The annual meeting of Stark’* Cornets United church was held on Tuesday of last week in the church Irait with n F representative attendance of members ami adherents. Rev. A. F. Poke* warn in the chair and Mr*. L A. Smart and Mrs. Earl Fulford acted as secretaries. Mr*. L A Smart reported for the Board of Stewards with $382.00 for church expenses and $83.00 given to Mission?. Mrs. E. Fulford reported for the Woman's Association with* 22 members, receipts of $407.00 and a small
The Sunday School was reported as having an average at tendance of 35, and a small balance in accounts. Miss Audrey Fulford,
' repel ling for the Y P.LT, showed total receipts of $90 00 during the year. Leslie Dean gave a report on the Pew hall, which was erected at the cost of $900.00 much of which has been already met. The election ot officers resulted as
follows :	I
Elders - John A. Dean, Harvey
Wilson.	,	^	_
Managers— Leslie Dean, Bert
Stark, Clifford Fulford, William Crick, John Cunningham, Motley Wilson and the elders.
Umbers- Clive Smart, Lennis Dean, li win Smart, Morley Wilson.
Organists-Mm. Wesley Palmer and Mr<«P. Vhilator.	_	.
Secretary-Treasurer— Mrs. L A
Smart ; assistant, Mrs E. Fulford.
Representatives to Fresbytery-Jofao Cimuinghatt! ; alternates, Clarence Dean, L À Smart, Bar
Monuments in Marble and Granite
. $1.59 . $1.35 99c
SEÜ8
Kiifex sr^SXtSJSS:
al, Que.
Mens Good Gum Rubbers Boys
Youths *
Womens Black and Brown Velvet Goloshes $1.95
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
•..............B
? #
# #
#
••••••
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
100 Fancy Brown Plates to clear at 3 for 25 cts.
Farm For Sale
Part Lot *, Range 8, of the township of Onslow, Norib, 100 acres, more or lew, 70 acres cleared ; Part Lot 13, Range 8, all bush, containing SO acres. Will be sold very reasonable for cash.
APHARVEY STEELE,
Quyon, Que
balance
MacLeans
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hedging Co., Limited
Phone 19—3, Quyon
# I
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

Wampole’s Extract
Cod Liver Oil
FISH
CARD or THANKS
Roÿ G. Fraser
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone ICO
The famijy of the late Wro. J. Sheppard desire to express then sincere ih*nks to friends and neighbours for their acts of kindness and sympathy and for the beautiful floral tributes during their n cent sad bereavement.

Halibut, choice, . . uer lb. 22c Smelts,
Salmon, choice, .

il •Till

“ 20c
<<
Boi 886
The all yean round tonic tor both children and adulte. Tones up the whole
system generally, and good tasting too.
“ 15c “ 12c “ 10c
11 10c S
1 15c “ 10c
a
In Memorlam
<<
, « Tulibee, 3k25 g Haddock,
oved and uuauimuaaly
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronage orders of #1 00 or over, phone ns collect $6 00 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay.
Smith — In loving memory of our mother, Mrs. James Smith, Maryland, Que , who died January 26th, 1938
We cannot say, we music That mother is dead, she is just away!
smile and a wave of her
<<
On
was *
Wiled.	J MM WM
At the clofe of the meeting refreshment? were served.
Fresh Qod Fish, steak “
Salt Cod Fish, blocks “
Fresh Herrings, . .
Salt Herrings, per dozen 35c
On orders of
cheery
hand.
With
She has wandered $n?u an unknown
d
And left us dreaming, how very fair It needs roost be since she linger there We think of her faring on as dear In the love of there as the love of here We think of her atdFaa lh« same and may Moth* r is not dead, she is just away.
Treasured always
by Peggy and Percy
Carde of Thanks
a
THE CORNER STORE
We wish to extend our heartfelt lhanks to all who kindly assisted and for the words of sympathy and offerings landed at I the death of our wife,
mother, daughter and sister. #
^	*	& W. McMillan and family j
- Mrs. Mary Homer and family
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Contre Sta • HA WVILLEi - QUI.

Phew anytime betwe
and 11 p. m.
7 n,m
44
u
<4

###PAGE###6###


At any rite, Canada Is the only place la the Bmp ire (outside of Newfoundland) where hockey la a natural phenomenon. This may explain why Canadians are better natural flyers than such up-and-coming folk as the Australians or
Tribune.	;
to the air like a duck to water.
The reason for supremacy might
be traced to the environment of a
Canadian town, preferably a small
one, where the boys play hockey
to develop quick thinking, easy balance and initiative; where the winter gives them stamina and the summer the chance to camp out "on their own"; where the ideal la action, no^ words.
Mr. Chamberlain Walks Abroad In The Park
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Ecdy




Winnipeg
M % i :
PERMANENTLY T As ons wit suggests, the world has been much quieter since Europe swore off the brink habit St. Catharines Standard.
LIKE MOST OF US Some resident of * La mb ton county bam already reported having seen the first robin of 1939. Get out—it was a 1918 bird which had not been able to afford a trip south.—Peterborough Examiner.
CLOSE SHAVE During the recent bliitard a chimney was hurled through a roof at Ridge town into a barber shop. Luckily. no one was In tbs barber's chair at the time or he might have had a closer shave then he bargained for.
Press. .
TAKE OUR OWN MEDICINE Before we worry too much about what English people know about us we might worry more about how little we know about each other. There la a long way to travel before the Canadian people think am Canadians and not as provincial isolationists, and any move to remedy that should be a sound investment.
Spectator.
LETS NOT BE OSTRICHES Canadian readers will note there is a Canadian Chamber of Cqpi-merce in Shanghai ; and has joined like organiiatio resenting seven other countries there in lodging protests with their governments against the plans to make China a closed area to non-Japanese foreign commerce. Canada Is no longer a hermit nation. The war in the far-off Orient is something of direct and practical concern to us.—Edmonton Bulletin.


DRIVERS CLINIC» To suggestions that the 900,000 licensed drivers of the province undergo a strict medical examination before being allowed out on the roads» Ontario's Attorney-General Con-ant answers that the Government could not consider such a program. It would mean, he says, a tremendous cost to the taxpayers.
Down at Montreal, however, McGill University psychologiste
propose	mIKÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊ
haps more effective means of insuring accident prevention tablishmcnt of a drivers' clinic, which should have the co-operation of safety organizations, university psychologists, automobile associations, police traffic departments, municipal administrative offices, the Provincial Government and industry. The clinic, they declare, could assist drivers to dis-their weaknesses (why they have accidents) through tests of skill, etc. ; would suggest means of overcoming such weaknesses.
Out in 13. C. every moterist has to undergo rigid tests. If he doesn’t pass his exams in driving, he is forced to get out and learr all over again before his license can be renewed.
Sixteen Dutch ecleBUsU ar|
touring South Africa,









«66
m
t,


.
t
r


•4>>±
V *
«

A

THE ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
General Statement, 3Oth November, 1938





*r «
>? ^
5£

less expensive but per-


Y

•T;V


A
UABIUTIKI
*8




Fees

#
t
i
L
1,711,404.82


# % #

k
* »W8
London Free


1
K
• ••te

"w ô:« iü * 1
• a###»###»#»*»*»******
23.4*. Ml*
« •
»
*
I «,43M41.«


cover
ÿ

| 1,44MM.il
!
######

• • • •
to

•.WU30.W
v
BMati., .

••••••
#*#"»*
%

• • •
#•••••

Sf5*5ïEû
ootTMpondmta I foremen oountriM....
%

8

at


27M87.1»


2 M binin #nd b*iikniM In the United Kingdom end

, ji
s
14.tfft.7M.2f

Cf Ji T'

SU
Hamilton




11
Bills peysbte
Acceptances end letters of a Liabilities to the public not
• mmM* • eeeeeeeeaeMW
•••
• • •
• #


ftU.441.14
FORGOTTEN MEN: At Munich, the Czechs were forced to surrender the Sudctenland to Germany for the sake of “peace”. As compensation they were to receive a $150,000,000 guaranteed loan from Great Britain and French;
international pledge which “guaranteed” the *new Czechoslovakia's territory.
Thus far, only part of the loan has been paid over. The odds are that the remainder never will be, since the money would really go to Germany, not Czechoslovakia. And the territorial guarantee by the four powers . . . . the magazine “Newsweek” points out that plans for it are about to be quietly forgotten. Every indication is that Berlin and Rome will refuse to agree to guarantee the new frontiers, and thàt neither London nor Paris intends to do anything more about it.
Justice in a modern world!
? 1 •
r &

Prime Minister and Mrs. Neville Chamberlain seem to be about the only people in the park am the premier braved a recent London storm to take his daily morning walk In St James Park.
esvii.ii
nf
t it
AIIITI
rep-
a
gSb«k&jy£otahri!S inCÜJt
BSSSStîïïîÆSSA
•••?••
##*###
**#####
Children Reveal Home Training
Not How Many But How Good
# #

• •
#e
# e e e e e
M •
an

*#**#####
* # e
SlSI.W.SSMS
• Am.iH.li
«BES
Children young and old have So learn how to live and get the beet ont of life. This takes guidanee, and nearly all children get It The mother who reminds her children, explains why they should do their best, listens patiently to their problems, and teaches them orderliness and courtesy is training her children admirably.
She really needs no text boohs with big words. Fun, happiness, gradual training in duty and iponalbility ; this is the beat background - child could have. Congeniality between parents the beat basis for all training. The adolescent will reflect in meet cases, the home life and experience of his earlier years.
Quality Comes Before Quantity Not Overstock Your Farm
Mm
• • •
• e
Do
yi.Mt.2S4.fi
«*.240.1158»
Dominion end Prorlndsl
104^344,21 l.M
Many a livestock raiser haa learned that quality should come before quantity. When a given line of livestock haa demonstrated its usefuln temptation is to increase that line to a point where the profits will show up big. It is very easy, when operating with this idea in mind, to overstock the farm. We mean by that, to gather more livestock about than the farm and Ita equipment can economically handle. The result, too often, is slower gains, scant pastures, disease and parasites and, in consequence, profits than were formerly made with half the stock. The beat and most successful farmers and stockmen have been those who operated on a moderate scale, raising only such crops as they could take good and timely care of, and keeping only such livestock around as their feed supply, their pastures and their barns could safely accommodate. In expanding our livestock operations, H is well to keep in mind this fundamental principle and remember that enthusiasm cannot make up for lack of good judgment.
see
# e
WHY CANADIANS FLY One guess is as good as another to explain why a Canadian takes
ltt.S3VlS.lt
••••••
e •
lS,tSVtt31 34.tlt.tSI. IS
on the farm, the
• • •
• • •
Absent” Again
44

short (not
Call
ll.t44.42J.tt
Before leaving .their Dos Moines, la., home, Prof. Herman J. Blackhurst and his wife hunted everywhere for his glasses, but couldn't find them. Later in the morning, w) .1 addressing students at Drake University, the professor ran across the glasses In his vest pocket. Interrupting the lecture, he absent-mindedly called cut: “Here they are, Mabel."
a&Sss
• ••••*
Call
s
7,431,425.32
THE DRIVE EAST:	White
Russian General Denikir who last week said he would not fight against his country, “white or red", knows something of Adolf Hitler’s plans for the near future. He knows for the simple reason that Hitler wanted him to help him with them.
It now becomes apparent that the details of the German push the east (Ukraine) have long u<en in the minds of Nasi leaders. Czecho slovakia's capitulation provided the machinery foy putting it into operation, and Poland's abrupt swing from a pro-German policy to co-operation with Russia shows that the move is now in high gear. Diplomats expect the Ukrainian drive to be intensified early in February—when Mussolini's campaign for more power and territory in the Mediterranean basin is keeping France and Britain occupied—and finally come to a head in March, Hitler's favorite time of year for springing a “surprise".
iMAMMi
“TOSS
m included. estimated low to Provincial Government®
Loans to] l oans to
IMIIMIMM
# e
•••••••
aeaoeeeeo
• • •

# •

In
1
New Guinea airplanes are carrying native passengers by weight the charge being from 10 to 26 cents a pound, according to the distance travelled.
Conode, not provided for.
eeoeoooooe
• •
e e
ooee e•o
17
St
I
• ooee
44
L labilities
of cuet
'«sin
1 contrs • «e e # t a e e o e o • o o # t • • a e • t e e o e e ee e e# e e e e o e e # t e e e e e e ^ee e e e
rwItMheMârSâwefFSorSTK^ehl* weurity of

• aeeeeeao
#00
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
tion
0-0 a# M4
• MM
meaaaaaa
MMM
• •
SMt.0t471l.ei
r£

DIARX
AIM. PI
4-
I
SSBSESSSaSffiS


M. W. WILSON,

AUDITORS* REPORT
ï^l


l Bus «P Canada
ÜSiÊS
M at 80th H
ratified
(I
Dominion Has Revenue Drop

a
t

d
;= r
m
y
that we
We hara obtained all tbs Information

udltbMd
of
U
y, f
.IMS.
>


“¦ S$Bi"«S5Sta™
}
9
fŸhirt âk
'LAST TWOi
v PAYJ v
Tax Down Last Nine Months
'*AWLcàA3-
• •
THE WEEK’S QUESTION: — How much has Canada been spending per year since 1929 for relief of unemployment? Answer: $100,000,000 approximately, on direct aid, works and projects for unemployment relief and agricultural distress.
?
The National Revenue Department collected a net total of $868,820,304 for the nine months ending last December 31, through its three divisions of customs, ex-cfee and income tax.
This compares with $359,319,269 collected during the corresponding period for the previous year and is a net decrease of $5,998,365.
Collections in detail were: income tax, $129,197,426; increase, $21,806,694; customs duties, $61,278,766, decrease $11,956,976; excise taxes, $121,493,786, decrease $14,849,895; excise duties, 40,812,616, decrease $936,652; sundry collections, $542,812, decrease $62,037.
: »/;
PROFIT AND LOB* ACCOUNT
Ï « WM.17L14
• •
0



•VI

0

1*37
|l,2017&J?yd aft*
as ffo!
%
ç
V:a:
making appropria1 out or which Raw
3.696.233 68
M a a a
9 6.021.40982


APPROPRIATED AS FOLLOWS; Dividend No. 202 at 6'^ per annum
Dividend No. 205 at •% per annum
Growth of Teeth Depends on Food
I
22
MMM S

at ft
#
e e #

700 '
•ta
ni
700,000 00

VS

• 2,800,000.00

e #
Vitamin D Is Necessary If The Bones Also Are to Develop Properly
#
'J 2,721*409 82
9 6.021,409.82
I
I

M. w. Wilson.
Vitamin D is the “guard" father of children in winter because it guards them while the sun is wan and clouds and storms sweep over the nursery. It is most abundant in fish liver oils and egg yolks, particularly so if the hens have had a diet high in Vitamin D.
Butter, salmon and sardines are good sources, too. A little, not very much, of this vitamin necessary for good bone and teeth development as well as. the prevention of rickets, is contained in liver, cream, whole milk and oysters.
Calcium, Phosphorus, Too No amount of Vitamin D can build bones and teeth in a child’s body without the help of the "building stone" materials, cal-eium and phosphorous. Plenty of milk is essential to supply these minerals. And a diet well balanced In all respects—plenty of fruit, fresh vegetables and eggs, aa well cereals and meats—is always a boost -ward the desired goal of buoyant health through childhood and on into adult life. *à
“But it's not much of a bargain If they won’t last loager than that."
»

By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
#5


f
U

l
\
\

\
V

I
f
/
?
L
8




i
rs



à

..
V
/\I v
X\



\f
\
)

I
I

ft
Vk

k

t
: -UL i
Now Ouph had heard «mi «»ir w # long life time many ta lew of these dreaded Phan f es him. ao he had I ea -d of these barriers of melted lava. He had also been told that there was a narrow bridge extended across the hi#lten lava In one place, by which one' could cross over to the mountain, so he walked along the edge urn til he found the bridge. It was a single arch of gray atone and lying flat upon thin bridge was a scaijet alligator, seemingly fdet asleep.
.So the old gnome trudged along the wild paths until be came to the big gulley that encircled the mountain of Phantastl filled to the brim with red hot molten lava. In which swam fiery serpents and poisonous salamander#. The heat and (he poisonous smell which arose from this were both so hearable that even birds hesitated to fly over the gulley. but circled around It All living things kept away from the mount*.
Ouph knew very well that the Phantasma were almost as dangerous to the gnomes as they were to the Qsltee, but he thought himself so clever that he believed he could manage these strange crenh make them obey him. and tl no doubt at all that If he < list the service • of the l'> their tremendous power, the strength ef thé and the cunning of would doom the Land lut'1' i< <? ruction.
No one can say that Uuph wee not brave, for he had determined to visit those dangerous creatures, the

BB
This guilty was
the
Phanfasms, wbe resided upon very top or the dreaded moan ta# a of Phghtaetlco. The Phan fee ht*rbs eo dreaded by mortal# tale alike, that been near fhsirE 1	¦
several thousand years, yet General
' ,nduce !h*;^




were

by
no one met:
1
i r


tintsin home for

? movement In England seeks to tb* "tlfll of foreign doo-

M

N



f n
bit the


»
i






¦Mal

###PAGE###7###
1

s
NORTHERN MINING NEWS
They Couldn’t Stand “Home Sweet Home”
Spelling Called
Vanishing Art
/
have
Modern
Etiquette
Reward, Lacoms, Federal Kirkland, Che minis, Central Porcupine, Woco, Bobjo and Crowahore.
Perhaps never before ban a more ground-floor basis of participation
been available to the public.
A study of the mines of Ontario and Quebec indicates a generally healthy condition, with share values or the senior golds on a thoroughly sound investment baste. In the secondary producing where there te a eombinatioi vestment and speculation, conditions warrant inondation for the m Central Patricia, Little Long Preston East Dome, Kirkland Lake Cold, Kerr Addisoh, Cheat#rville, Ome**, Aldermac, Ban Mold. East Malartie and Bladen MalaraeT I In the less advanced eperations, mining news appears to favour— lfalavtic Goldfields, Franco#ur,
Martin Bird, Farmland, Anoki, Augite, Nabob and
rnarnlmL TT*
Annie Laurie or the Dlpscy Doodle is okay but it’s nix on "Home Sweet Home” for the chimes on the city hall st London, Ontario. A special request was made by a nearby hotel to tWb London hydro department that "Home Sweet Home” be not played. Guests become too homesick.
The chimes on the municipal buildings are the reproduction through loud speakers of famous carillon records. Since such records are comparatively rare these in charge of the programs use every record they could And. Now following the request from the hotel, the repertoire Is one
ËaRD
Modern Teaching Is Blamed for Bad Figuring, Too — Farewell to Three **•
BY ROBERTA LEE
greag.
H
, L Is It proper to use a victim# card when sending regrets to am
lnvitsf Ion ?
1 What constitutes real social happiness f
1. Are mens cards ever used st a dinner given Is one's home?
4.	If Prank Invites John to drive out to the country with him for a day, and slope to buy gasoline, should John offer to pay tor It?
I, May one touch thé ftps with ttpe of lingers that have been dipped to tbe finger bowl?
I. Whom a bride has no father, would It be all right for her mother er to give her away?
ANSWERS	1 L
L No. If sn answer la requested the invitation must be answered hy a written response on personal stationery,
t It has been said that social happiness Is attained only through friendship that has no regard for
The three Re. an educator tainted, are becoming a lost art In America, Paul Meier. Chicago bust-College head maid.
•It Is no longer the thing in edu-tion to teach 'readln', rilin' and Ytthmetic* for their own value, and M a result we are becoming a nation of poor speller» who can't write legibly or add.
"One reason why people are becoming such poor spellers is the way they sre now taught to redd aa children. No longer Is the alphabet drilled Into children. They are taught to read sentences at a short glance. In this way, they misa the letters In a word."
fSesu?
Quebec's MaMMBgemining camp premises to attain major camp Stella in 1999. East Malartic, although a young property, is el-
thousand ton operation I vast possibilities indicated. Slade n Malartic and Malartic. also in production, adjoin to the west. Other properties » the camp are East Lacoma, Nation*:	Mafsrt if’. Raivl M a-arUv,.
Malartic Goldfields, Dubuisson Gold and Shawmaque. Malartic Goldfields will be the next prod a er. East Lacoma’s first drilling known to be important. Forth drilling plans are announced. Rand Malartic have also obtained results. National Malartic financing arrangements under discussion. Altogether, the outlook for the camp la full of mdmkàm
Lae,
ready a
a shavei #
Canadian
The girl catered the bus with a pair ef abates under her arm. j A man immediately get up and offered her Ms seat. ^
"Thanh you very much,” came the reply, ”but I've been skating all the afternoon.”
Barber Larder,
in the Junior-.Juniors, from which group mines have their beginnings, favourable Indication# appear to select—National male# tic, East Lacoma. Shawmaeee, Amity Gol£ WÜtaey-Coghlan, Continental C op per, Joliet, Amt-^BgPelangio. Arjo
, Armistice, Tovarich, Rotxyn
is
er
Toe simply say that every singer you hear la offplteh. Toe wtU always be right.
KS
Ml
n, Orpit, lar-
i#
Add
promise.
"Your husband looks like • brilliant man. I suppose he knows practically everything.”
"Don't fool yourself ? he doesn't even suspect anything.”
The New York Zoo has a tigon, which is the hybrid child of a Siberian tiger and an African lion.
< *Jheï& xmcL^fcete,
aest 10 day# a new picture may be painted to Indicate another large Alberts crude area."
Recent Crude Oil Dlcccverlee "What today la a wildcat area, may be proven structure tomorrow."
Recent crude oil discoveries la Okalta. No. 6, a mile west of the present South Turner Valley crude producers, and at Home Millarvllle No. *, 16 miles northwest of the main wells, are of vast Importance, Mr. Greenfield said. "The proven area sad field reserves undoubtedly have been greatly changed. "

WITH THE
BOY SCOUTSJ
age, ses, or creed.
5.	Net unless the dinner Is a very formal and ceremonious affair.
4L This is not necessary, but John earn offer to pay for their luncheon.
6.	This Is often done, but one should learn to eat In such a way that the lips do not become greasy. The napkin placed to the lips should really be sufficient
d. Tea, If she wishes.
CONFINED ABED BY LUMBAGO
tier ef
"Ok It*» mower a

••
cal of year

•vu.
le feel like a milt
Their Investiture sa Boy Scoute en the site of historic Fort Langley, where British Columbia's first government was Instituted, and Sir Jas. Douglas sworn In is first governor was the honour that fell to three boys of the 34th Vancouver (8t. George's School) Scout Troop. Judge F. W. Noway, who had accompanied the expedition, related the story of the historic incident of eighty years ago
once again achieved by the Boy Scouts and Girl Guides of Canada, working In a chain of toy and doll repair shops stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The discarded or broken toys were secured with the support of local newspapers, churches, service clubs, public schools and the radio. In many of the places toy admission matinees were given by movie theatre managers. Firemen in Saskatoon. Edmonton, Ottawa, Chatham and other centres shared in the practical work of making, repairing and also painting wooden toys.
la many centres the toy distribution warn made in co-operation with the welfare organizations and service clubs. Scouts of the needy districts of Saskatchewan were assisted In meeting the heavy demands upon the Prairie Santa Clans by bulk shipments of gifts from eastern toy nhops — London, Hamilton, Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal and SL Johns, Quebec. Other toy shops mailed Christmas parcels to Individual families in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The Scout-Guide-Herald Sunshine Toy Shop at Calgary secured liste of children from the clergy of every parish between Red Deer and the Ü. 8. boundary.
In Pain for Weeks
Whew
Acting on his principle of "when you know a good thing tell your friends about it,” a man who has had very bad lumbago pains writes as follows :—
"I suffered from lumbago, and for weeks could scarcely move in bed. I had treatment, but it did not ease the pain very much. A friend said, 'Why not take Krus-chen Salts? Take them every morning, and you'll likely get relief from that pain in your back/ So I have taken them every morning for some time and I am in fit condition for my work again — thanks to Krusch	¦
Why is it that lumbago, backache, rheumatism and indigestion in many cases yield to Kruschen Salts? Because it is a combination of several mineral salts that are vital for your bodily well-being. Each of these salts has an action of its own. Stomach, liver, kidneys and digestive tract are all benefited and toned up to a high state of efficiency.
I»
The Arctic explorer knocked at Ike door of the Eskimo's house. The Eskimo answered the sum-
C.N.R. I» Canada’s
Biggest Purchaser
eons.
The Squirrel
"Hello!” greeted the «dorer. "Can you direct me to the North Peler
"That's easy,” returned the Eskimo. "You're at the North Pole
BOW."
The explorer's eyes widened. He pointed at the icy waste.
"You mean,” he cried, "that this is the North Pole right here V The Eskimo nodded solemnly. "It is," he asserted.
The explorer waved his arms wildly.
Hooray! HoorayP* he shouted. The Eskimo blew on his frostbitten fingers.
"Stick around awhile,” he chattered, "amd you'll change your mind.”
Purchases of $61,600,000 were made from 8,000 firms in Canada by Canadian National Railways during 1938, Vice-President R. C. Vaughan said this week. He added the amount made the C. N. R. Canada's largest purchaser of supplies during the year.
New equipment accounted for $11,100,000 of the amount, and
fuel for $10,000,000.
A gray interrogation-point in fur He leaps and scolds and makes a mighty stir	sp
That all this backyard world he used to know
Should hide his nuts and not a landmark show.
Just like him, to be arguing with snow!
XXX
Reports disclosed that the first supply of relief clothing to reach Port Frances, Ontario, following the serious Thanksgiving Day bush fire In that district, was collected and shipped by the Boy Scouts of Portage la Prairie. Appreciation of the promptness of this relief contribution was expressed by the cltlxens of Fort Frances.
—Charles Malam
Twenty New Wells For Turner Valley
Lord Ravensworth said his tie which is near Gateshead, Eng., would be pulled down and rebuilt in the form of 30 ideal homes.
XXX
A blood transfusion service Is be-
by Rover Scouts of Ont., Crew. Each mber of the Crew took a blood test at St. Joseph's Hospital, and qualified. The service is given absolutely free, as a Scout good turn.
XXX .
Christmas gifts for 100,000 kiddles who otherwise would have been missed by Santa Clans was
lng main tailed the 1st Mimreo,
Major OOfield, 45 Miles Southwest of Calgary

«
Classified Advertising
Canadian National Railways Revenues
With their greatest year behind them, Alberta oil men are confident that 1939 will bring many surprime#. Efforts are being made te improve marketing outlets and tn-productlon and reserves.
At least 20 new wells are planned for the Dominion's major oil-field, Tamer Valley, 46 miles southwest of Calgary, and exploration Is planned or underway In 11 large areas, •aid Herbert Greenfield, president of the Alberta Petroleum Association. J ... v f From a survey of present explorations or wildcat operations and In view of late 1938 developments to the west of the Turner Valley, Mr. Greenfield stated "It Is not unreasonable to expect that within the
The groat revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 10-day period ending December 81, .19881
$4,466,874 4,722,048
HORSES WITH BRAVES
FOR SAL*
BELL'S HEAVES POWDERS WILL give immediate relief. «Imply mix To Horse*' feed. Price 14 Powders 61.10. Poet Paid With free book ^Animal Alimente." Bell & Hone, (Canada) Limited. Manufacturers of Veterinary Medicine#. Verdun. Que. Dept.: E
FUR ROBBS, BRAND NEW. FULL largo standard sise, full warm lln-Inff. Ideal Auto Cutter, used. $16.00 each. Brand new fur gauntlet# leather-faced, full warm lining, 1100 pair. Shipped express, on receipt of money-order. Bui mere, 48* Liverpool «treet. Pointe SL Charles, Montreal. _________________________
of Science. Dr. Mary E. Rawles of the University of Rochester took from robin eggs a bit of embryonic bird that becomes robin's akin. She put it. into a white leghorn egg, placing it on a "bud" which develops into the hen’s wing. The result when the chickens hatched was feathers with white leghorn shapes but robin tints.
on
VlfA«
As compared with

What Science * Is Doing *
for the corresponding period of 1987, a de
MORTGAGE INVESTMENT»
$ 266,674
HAIR GOODS
LOAN YOUR SURPLUS FUNDS ON Guaranteed First Mortgage# on Improved city homes at 4 and 7 per cent interest Write ue for full details. Mortgagee purchased. Established 20 years. A. M. Greenaway Sc Co., 1«S Tonga Street. Toronto.


WIG8, TOUTES. TRANSFORMA-Ilona, Switches. Curia, and all typo# of finest quality Hair Goode Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. K2# Bathurst Toronto.
BLOSSOM TIME DELAYED If spring arrives too late, the farmer this year cgn make hh fruit trees wait to blossom until the danger of frost is over.
This can be done with potassium napthalene nitrate, by a method of spraying discovered at the Boyce Thompson Institute for plant research.
The spray delays the blossoming a week or more. It has worked with peach, plum and cherry trees, which tend to "come out" too early in the spring.
The same chemical will retard sprouting of potatoes so that storage is easier.
How Can I?
TATENT»
NEW VITAMIN A SOURCE Heretofore considered useless and thrown away, the viscera of fish used in cod-liver oil manufacture has been discovered rich in vitamin A, a valuable ingredient in cod-liver oil, the Dominion Fisheries Research Board reports.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Invention» end full Information sent free. The Ramaay Com» pany. Registered. Patent Attorneys. ¦ITS Bank Ht. Ottawa. Can.
*2
HIGH IlMMUJ I'M BUM»" It K
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for fro# booklet and full particular# regarding our amaalngly aue-ceasful hyblood treatment Pedigreed Product». «aakatoon. «ask.
•V ANNE ASHLEY
*?&lbutanteake
jfUmcAetfcc&â, 12
tfuLtahy 4cie
tA&otUi. A
EIPTIHK
Relief,
ARE YOU RUPTURED?
Comfort. Positive Support with our advanced method. No elastic or underetrape or steel. Write. Smith x Manufacturing Co.. Dept 219. Preston. Ontario.______________
Q How can I break up nuts more satisfactorily than with the food grinder?
A. ReB them firmly with the rolling pin. This also avoids necessity of washing the food grinder.
Q. How can I clean plaster busts ornaments?
A. Try dipping them In thick liquid starch. Brush off the starch when dry and the dirt will come off with It. The plaster wiU be as spot-
HORSES

TWENTY, IMPORTED BELGIANS Some outetandlng maree and etsl-11 on# at very attractive prices. Jersey Health Farms, Reg'd., He Bisard. Quebec. (Near Montreal).
Foreign Trade Shows Decline
TKAITUH MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIR»
HI
SEND L’H YOUR TRACTOR MAGNEto and Generator Repairs. We save you moLey. A11 a n # on Armature Manfr.. SS» Bay St., Toronto
i
PERSONAL
!vn:h
Decrease in Both Export and
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home Remedy. Teaw-monlan. Guaranteed. Advice Free. Bartlett’s. Box 1. Winnipeg.
Villi
electrocute germs
À new method of electrocuting disease germs with light waves is announced.
Dr. Harvey C. Rentschler and Dr. Rudolph Nagy, of the Westinghouse Research Laboratories, Philadelphia, report they have found one of the weak spots in the lives of bacteria. Apparently, each different type of germ, of which there are thousands, can be
killed by subjecting it to a special
definite
WESTERN CANADA
fle
Revealed m Report by Dominion Bureau of Statistics
IMPROVED EQUIPPED SECTION Faiinn In Central Eastern Alberta park area, railway village one mile, beet abundant water, clear title, all cash large dieceunt; no agents; retiring. Box 14. Amlak. Alberta.
LINinuN.T
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE! romantic sweetheart. with money, write: Mary Lee. 445-0. Rolls. Missouri.
Q. How can I hasten the cooling of pudding?
A. Place the container In a dish of cold water, to which a handful of salt baa been added.
Q. How can 1 make my teeth whl-
Canada wll have a credit balance on It# world trade for 1938 of approximately $280,000,000, according to estimates baaed on Bureau of Statistics returns for eleven months and Interim reporte for December. Last year the excess of the value of exports over Imports was $316,00,-
A HAPPY REMINDER!
While b# low*
get your copy of
1er?
A. One method Is to apply a solution of peroxide of hydrogen diluted with one-half water.
Q. How can I freshen a dry coco-

Toronto $ter
m
000.
intensity of light for a period of time.
Weekly.
m
• Credit Balance, Nevertheless Canada's exports this year of domestic products will total around $922,000.000 and foreign goods exported around $44,000,000. The importa will be approximately $686.000,000. Last year the exports were $1,110.000.000. foreign goods re-exported 115,000,000 and Imports $800000,000.
Canada will have a credit bal-wlth United Kingdom of
£
»
s»

:
ms*?	.i .
A There la quite a difference between the taste of a fresh coconut and one that la not, but practically the same delicious flavor can be had by steaming a dry coconut for about 45 minutes. M
Q. How can I save time when darning a hole in a garment?
A Cut a pêeée of mosquito netting to the required slxe, and baste under the hole. Then darn in and out through the meshes of the nent ting. . ^
NEUTRALIZES MUSTARD GAS
A nev^ chemical compound for virtually complete protection for soldiers and civilians against one of war’s worst horrors, the burns of mustard gas, has been discovered. ft
I A
M

IflOOOO
l J. housewives w
ENJOY . '
"blue coal' HEATING COMFORT
4 Big Fields of Opportunity
GAS AND DIESEL ENGINE» RADIO AND TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONING AND R E FRIORRATIO N APPLIED ELECTRICITY If you era sincerely amnltloua and interested In making good in one of these fant-growing field», be sere to Immediately Investigate our flexible training plan that will fit your clrcumeUn. < «
A plan for every mab A plan for those seeking Immediate shop training ee well as for those who ee ni no t give up their present job and ln-. For 34 year* National School», a recognised leader In the field or Trade Education, has helped Wide- / awake men to eucceas. n
This million dollar trade school will supply you with s elncere, hon •«t statement of facta of what you should do to quickly get Into one of those pro mew, trades. Money need
aw :z'
Let e* send you our "big illustrated school catalogue, which gives you all the facta. Please state your age, education and which training you are Interested In. This Information win he sent to you without onl'ga-II en.
147 V



"Mustard", 20 years after the Great War, still rates as the most effective poison gas.| Hp ¦ chemical, sprayed on clothing, is announced as protecting for months against the burns.
ance
around $224,000.000 with exports at $345,000,000 and Imports $121.000,000. Last year the figures were $405,000.000 and $147,000,000.
The new
Prove for yourself ...as over100.000Canadian housewives have already proved... that 'blue cool' gives the highest available standard of heating value and satisfaction.
RED - FEATHERED LEGHORNS
Robin Red-breast's feather col-were given to white leghorn chickens in a new genetic experiment reported to the American Association for the Advancement
Pigeon* Banned
YOUR
MINING
INVESTMENTS
ore
Order from your nearest 'blue coal* dealer
Heat Regulator which provides automatic heat with your present equipment.
Hi ties is taking no chances on messages or money being smuggled out of Germany. ^ German holidaymakers visiting another eountry are allowed to take only • few shillings with them; refu-
slao about the 'blue coal'
Write us today for your free copy of our "Mining Manual and Guide to Investors." Make a list of your present holdings and receive our unbiased advice without obligation.	^ |
E. M. McLEAN & CO.
blue coal '**
|| escape the Naxi regim ¦eve their money behind.)
So the latest Naxi edict prohibits the possession end breeding
must
NATIONAL SCHOOLS
MODERN FUEL FOR SO Lid COMFORT
THE
Dept. S
aBSjggg
347 Bey Street, Toronto
Woverloy 10*7
in "The Shadow every Set., 7 p.m.f CEL, Toronto
6.30 p.m , CEO. Ottawa. .
T
Soils 408.
*1 permission if the tiovern-
Issue No. 3 — '39
Bfc	r;\

###PAGE###8###
. m

: • -'à
i

Service Announcement
SH A WILLS ÜN1TRD CHD*CH
Rev. A. F. Foies B A., B.D. PAitor
Sunday, Jan. 89
11.00	a m , Service at Shawville 130p.ro , Service at Zion
3.00	p ro., Service at Stark i Corner#.
Sermon subject -
‘Coaling Stations on the Voyage of Life
7.30 p.m., Service at Shawville
Sermon subject	" ,"
‘The Word th t can open Heavens gates’
Bristvl United Church 1
C. Armstrong-Sale*, B, D.
Sunday, Jan. 89
St. Andrew’s Service at 10.30 *	“ Sunday School 11 30
Austin Knox
teachers for their good work and co-operation
January Savings in Heavy <21othing| {

DALE’S TINSHOP
Control of Cancer


TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Importance of the pert the public may play in fighting the disease Cancer, Is to be explained at a mass meeting to be held at the Chateau Laurier, Ottawa, on the evening of Febi nary 1st, when an Ottawa unit of the Canadian Society for the control of cancer will be launched.
It b expected that many medical men and workers in public health fields, as well as leaders in all walks of life, will attend the rally, to be a key note In a Dominionwide crusade against Cancer. , His Excellency the Governor
General is to address the meeting, ami The Lady Tweedsnmir will also attend. Other speakers will include Sir Lyman P. Duff, Chief Justice of Canada, who is a trustee of the King George the Fifth Silver Jubilee Cancer Fund, Ur, Win. Boyd, Professor of Pathology, University of Toronto, and H. Napier Mooie. Toronto, member of the Hoard of Canadian Society for the control of cancer. There will also be a speaker in French The whole program is to be carried to all parts of Canada through the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, as an incentive to stimulation of the national war on cancer.
Doctors point out there exists in Canada all facilities for treatment of Cancer. But emphasize that only when the disease te>avly diagnosed correctly and treated immediately, fferers any chance
Students Overcoats fully lined and interlined, in heavy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at.................................
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirta, "Deacon make", in navy scarlet and wine, sizes 14 1-2 to 17 1-2............................
Bob Morris Winter Caps, heavy cloth, some
% with ear bands
Horsehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb..........................
Woollen Work Socks ..........................
Maple Syrup Equipment
$,.50

Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
$1.25
Service at a.30 Service at 7.30
ANGLICAN Sunday, Jan’y 89 St. Paul»
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 fi m—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
3.00	p, m.—Evening Prayer
St Luke’s Service Withdrawn
$1.00
lit
1
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Iron Coolers,
65cts.
25 ote.
Spoils,
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Fur Pelts Wanted
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of seasonable fur pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer^ Shawville, Que,

MMBBBnQOSQBQBQQ
iZlZlZÎWXlZlZ
of per-
have su manent relief.
At the Ottawa meeting the Canadian Society for the Control of Cancer, 43 St. George street,
Toronto, will distribute free literature concerning the disease, and it is hoped that many of the large gathering expected will enroll as active members in the antuCancer crusade.
Chairman of the inaugural meet-.
Ing will l>e Dr. Warreu 8. Lyman, | The annual meeting of the County of Ottawa, honorary-secretary of the Pontiac L O. L will be held in No. 2/ Royal Canadian College of Sur- Lodge room, Shawville, Feh’y 7th, 1939, geons and Physician», who has starting at 10 o’clock a. m. Members been active in setting up the first j and especially officers of the primary Ontario unit of the Society in Lodges are requested to be present so Ottawa.	as all business may be transacted in a
satisfactory manner.
Rex ford W ii son, Norval Kilgour County Master Co. Secretary
HODGINS
GARAGE
Shawville Bakery
Annual Meeting of Pontiac County Orange Lodge
For a tasty loaf try
i
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
s
1
Shawville Bread
B
B
B
B
B
B
B
Exhibits Rare Viking Relic
A rare terminal post from a Viking ship is exhibited by the British museum. It is the only known one carved in the shape of an animal. The head of the post is either that of a great bird or that of t dragon, with four large teeth on each side of its jaw. Its neck is carved in a criss-cross pattern and the piece originally decorated a ship built in the Ninth century. For many years the post was used as a garden ornament by an engineer, who found .1 while dredging near Termonde.
B
. H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
b
PREVENT DAMAGE
B
B
B
B
Life in New Zealand
One of the healthiest countries in the world is New Zealand, despite its varied climate. The north island has volcanoes, tropical areas, hot-water springs, while the south island boasts of glaciers, mountains perpetually capped with snow. New Zealand natives, the Maoris, de-
•ttiMHHJlHHHHHppHHHPI
canoed thousands of milc$ to reach the islands in the Fourteenth century. Christchurch, the town, was founded by a “select” group of settlers known as “Canterbury Pilgrims,” is an agricultural center.
B
§
B
Cowling
D. J. CAMPBELL
B
Prevent damage to your Car by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
B
§
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Business College
B
I
Phone •!,
B
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators’Association oi Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
from Polynesians, who
B
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
B
n
B
Dental Surgeon
B
B
Considered Greatest Clown Joseph Grimaldi (1779-1837) is onsidered the greatest clown of all me. London-born of Italian parais, says Collier’s Weekly, he tandardized the dress and the gen- | ral routine of clowns, who hove, rue his time, been known as Joeys. I.s memoirs were edited by Charles i c ens and his costumes arc ;.u:ng the most valued treasures of ne Lcndom museum.
B
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
B
B
B
B
?
B
B
f J ^^Thc Chinese Dragon
I “In ages past," said Hi Ho, the sage of Chinatown, “my people needed the influence of terror, so the dragon was placed before them. Next they began to be too eager for
against gold the dragon was gilded. But, as so often happens* the wise men were disappointed in their efforts to rule the imagination. The dragon did not make gold ugly, but gold made the ditgon beautiful."
B
B
At Campbell'* Jb»y from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
W. I. COWLING, President
n. w. mrrmiTi
Principal
In border to warn them
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
HARLAND O. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUI.
Okpicr — In the G. F. Hodglns Building Main Street, Que.
Eye, Ear, Noes asd Throat Specialist
J. L. HODG1NS
MEDICAL ART# BUILOINO
Reductions on
Memorials
iso METCALFE gTNEBT.
Phone 64-J.
\
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE. Î--7M1
B
ziziziziz.ziz.ziy./iz.ziyiz'zizi/izizviziziziziz z
FOR SALE
in
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Yarn, made frem pure virgin 2wool, given in exchange for good
wool.
of the Shawville Community Hospital. Mr. R. P. Eades gave an interesting address on legislation. At the close of the meeting refreshments were served.
Marble and Granite
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE.
Cou longe Defeat Shawville 4—0
Adv
Solicitor, etc.
OrriCE : Campbell's Bay, Que. - (In Lawn Block)
In a scheduled Pontiac senior
went down to defeat by a score of 4-0.
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on Ay order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Shawville, Que.
SHAWVILLE
A
Wyman United Church Annual Meeting
The annual meeting of Wyman United Church was held at the residence of Mrs. W. D. Campbell. Rev. Mr. Day, pastor of Qnyon change, was in the chair and S. W. MacKechnie was clerk.
A year of increased givings was recorded and it was agreed to undertake an increased contribution to the work of the charge
Messr* J. H. Henderson and Alex Davis were appointed members of the official board for a term of three years-
CLINTON H. DOWD
¦. A. LL. B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e *ery Friday evening.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Shawville Intermediates Defeat Bristol 7 to 0
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
B. A
• e
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
H all, Que.
In n Pontiac Intermediate League
ïsswva&sSbî.' ihîîÿ!!;
went on a scoring spree to defeat
Bristol 7—0.	1
The line-ups :
Shawville—Goal, Phillips ; defence, Way and Dagg ; centre,
Pokes : wings, Harris and Shore ; subs, Elliott, Hobin, Storey. W.
Hod gin?, Walsh, J. Hodgins, K.
Hod gins, Richardson.
Bristol—Goa), M Russell ; de
fence, Johnston and Dean ; centre,	¦ |	J I I ¦
Langford ; Wings, K. Hanna, and The annual vestry meeting of E. Russell ; subs, Murphy, Findlay, St. John the Evangelist Anglican B. Hanna, Parks.	Church, Qnyon, was held on W
Referees : Claire Hyndman, or nesday evening of last week with Shawville, and B Thompson, of Rev. L. H Nesbitt in the chair.
revealed a year of pro gross and a substantial increase in the total receipts. All obligations, both parochial and extra parochial, were met.
Church officers—Rector’s warden. Slffid Bronson ; püjgjW warden, The Clarendon Women’s lnsti-1 XV J Boland ; vestry clerk, Miss __ roet at the home of Mrs, Bertha Pitts ; lay delegatee to flenry Horner, Shawville, on Synod. W J. Boland, Fred Broil-Wednesday afternoon, with Mrs. son. George A mm and Hartley Harry Hodgins the president, in Badham. <Th# former sidesmen the chnlr, and Miss Minerva Corri- were re-elected.
as secretary. Plans were Mr. Nesbitt teported there were msde that all might share in the four baptisms, eight conforma-pm i.tration of exhibits for the lions, one m„,,Mge and four lo^l full fair. Donations were burials during the year. He also received from the members in aid expressed his thanks to the mem
*29 Main St
At Pontiac Houss. Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
A tMoyle’. Hotel, Campbell’eBay,
Wednesday morning.
•f
f
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦ •A.. LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Branch at Qoyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER-
PHONE, 2-1*19
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Qnyon Vestry Meeting
AVOCAT
Its MAIN ITNSET,
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’s B4y, Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
ed-

ESTABLISHED 1883
every
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Bristol
609 D


COACH
INVALID
Tuesday from 5.00 to #.00 p.m.
MONTREAL, QUE.
PUtTCAV MSI
Institute
GEORGE HYNES & SON
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
representing
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Ce.
OF CANADA
^ Phene 11-7, R. 1, Shawville, Qee.
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
tute
Surgeon Dentist
Direction of Punirai Service
Shawville, Que.
1124 St. CitLrU. Street. Wwt
MONTREAL, QUE.
Phone 80
ItUUI 3IIT
_
