###PAGE###1###
Nev 1/39
John J Caldwell Ohawvllle

StiAV^VlLLL, foS ilAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY,
MAY 18,	1039
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United Staten
No 47, ôO ru ïeam
I
I wish to inform my friends of Shawville and district that I have opened a Barbering business inJMrs. Hunt’s building, opposite the Pontiac House, and trust for a fiir share ot your patronage.
Their Majesties
Shawville Hardware
m
%se>;
ALLEN McKAY

Clean up Time
- - is - -
Paint up Time



a
&


Special Train Schedule
A special train schedule has been arranged on the local branch of C P. R. for Their Majesties' vi*it to Ottawa. On Friday. Saturday and Sunday train leaves Shawville at 6.49 a. m , leaving Ottawa at 6.30 p. m. Excursion rates.
Auction Sale—A sale of furniture, household effects, garden tools, etc., belonging to the Estate of the late Mr. and Mrs George Findlay, will be held at their late residence, King Street, Shawville, on Saturday afternoon, May 27th, at two o'clock.
Dance—A mixed dance, under the auspices of Shawville O Y, B., will be held in the Theatre Hall on Friday night. May 19th. Music by I the Herb, Lindsay and Harvey Combination. Admission. 30cts.
Stark’s Corners Y. P. U. are presenting their comedy of rural life, “Handset abble Farm” in the Church Hall, on Friday evening, | May 26th, at 815 o’clock, enjoyable comedy. Prices 25 and
?	/ 'HHHH
The annual sectional meeting of the United W.M.S is to be held on Thursday, June 15th in the United church, Shawville. Representatives of this society from all parts of Pontiac County and fiom the city of Ottawa, are to come for the I __ sessions which will beheld in the = morning and afternoon

r 'ÆKUlaDXQDnKd

mem



/.vy








ESI

»y.<
'mmm
8. W. P. Brand,
Family Brand,
Mar-Not Floor Enamel,
Semi-Luster Enamel,
"T » Wagon & Implement,
Varnish, Paint Oil, Lead, Dry Colours
Paint Brushes

$1.20 per quart
1.00 “
1.35 “
1.50 “
1.40 “


X<




a

**:



ii
m

m




wm

a




ezi

ii





!
swm
-1

sm


X::yZ*






,



m
Sf

<


%
-
P.3.—Just Received Car National Cement
*
i
1 1

jMfèÈ:-


m ' $.
An



Est. C. J. Caldwell
•<

Xf.
% m

m
m;
à


¦ 4v
13

QUEEN ELIZABETH,
KINO GEORGE VI,
— Courtesy Ottawa Journal
All Branches Attend Annual Meeting of Pontiac County Women’s Institutes
Attended by members from nil the brunches, the annual meeting of Women’s Institutes of Pontiac County was held Wednesday, May 10th,,in the Sunday School Room of the United Church, Shawville. The County President, Mrs. W. J. Murray presided, assisted by the secretary-treasurer, Miss Abbie Pritchard. Owing to illness, the Supt. Q.W.I., Miss Hazel McCain was unable to be present, and the La* Hazard—Rorfr™	(secretary was instructed to con
At	, nu . .<i,vey greetings from the convention,
W„d„^,“yn,M„7",SîtÏw "	Wl'h" ber ",e,dr
jsga? ’ffi:"!, b&s
1 p )î<! V	Grove. Bristol, Elraside. Claren-
These, with reports of conveners Hornrr—Lbmay	of committees of Agriculture,
A quiet but pretty wedding was %%anT %1ion^"kv% Child
mmhi	11#
ssss: ss&’i ###% ssasti: rz
êssaaa mmm i
ÆK?* taaigaJsftsiïffl: gsw	EEETEKT Umdo”
:rT T 7,1	—	t=E™BS5£:
Dr and«Mr.. Clarence Smart, of Arrange for Sports Day	wedding trip and on their return
Ottawa, were week end guests of Friday, Jane 6th	are to reside at the groom's tarn.
the former s mother, Mrs. Wm.	- .	in Clarendon township.
Smart, at Starks Corners,
Mr. Carman Morrison of Arn-field. Que,, spent a few days of last week with his mother, Mrs.
John Morrison in town.
We are pleased to report that Mr. John A. Ren nick has sufficient-1 Beautification of ly recovered from a recent illness | Farm Homes to be around about town again.
toga l (Greetings to St|eir Saiesties
®i|f $nbltfll?rr and Staff of Equttg loin uiljolrlirartrdly in % legal rorlrmnr afforded by tiff ptoplt of (Canada to Slfftr flair et tea King (Srorgr and Cpnmt ïltjabrtlf. "Kong mag tlfrg rrign r
i
4
i

*
PERSONAL MENTION
I and Mrs Major, left Tuesday to
w« ni.». ,i r.«b,*,. 125‘ x';;.1'"11 Mo",ml *
la visiting her slater, Mias Vera
K latte '
MARRIED
‘¦Lady delegates fro
_ n _	» w A i Gornêra Lodge attending the Pro-
Dr. R. E. Dagg, of Montreal, vincial Grand Lodge Meeting of viaited bis relatives here fur the the L.O B.A held at Aylmer week end.	Saturday w*re : Mrs. Roy Elliott,
Hodgins i« visiting Minerv^Currig^uRi"8
Stark’s
M
on
her parents at Cowansville, Qne this week.
Mrs. Wm. Orr, Is visiting her ! daughters Edna and Ruth, and
daughter, Mrs, Gordon McCoy, at ^r. Mrs J*oi ter, of Carle-
~	ton Place, visited relatives here
and at Otter Lake on Sunday, ft
#
Mr. and Mrs. Geo W. Eades and
i
i
of
t I
Mrs. Fetch will
We Join With Canada
convener,
Mr. N. A. Drummond, County Agronomist, addressed the convention on Home Beautification, and under the County Women's Institutes, plans to carry on a con test were made The contest will close May 24th, all entries to be Macfarlane — At an Ottawa made go the County Secretary hospital on Monday, May 15, Treasurer.
1939, Margaret Affleck Macfar- Announcement was made of the lane, aged 65 years, daughter of Annual Provincial Convention to the late James and Jessie Mac- be held at Macdonald College, fa lia ne, of Clarendon Front. June 13-15, and the special rates Funeral was held on Wednesday for the delegates, afternoon from the residence of The invitation given by Miss her sister, Miss Da bel B. Mac- Centre Grant, president of Bristol farlane, 143 Cameron street, Ot- Busy Bees, to hold the semi annual tawa. Interment was made at meeting at Bristol, was accepted Norway Bay cemetery.	by Mrs Murray tor the conven-
màm m	¦¦	¦ition.
The members of the Clarendon branch, liosteses for the day, served a bountiful luncheon at noon and high ttA at the close of the afternoon session.
Votes of thanks were extended to the President and Officers for the work of the year ; to |Mr. W. G. Cowan for publicity ; to the Trustees for the use of the Church, and to the Clarendon branch for their hospitality.
Officers elected for the year are : President. Mrs. W. J. Muriay, Marylandi.Vice Presidents, Mrs. U. and J. Caldwell, Mrs. Jas. G. Bryson, and Mrs. D. A. Macfarlane; Secretary istered member of the Treasurer, Miss Abbie Pritchard, roup Committee, com- Conveners of Committees : Agn-n of the community culture, Mrs. R VV. Hodgius ; sua memamg the Ministers, la at Canadian Industries, Mise I. present in process of formation. Whalen ; Canadianization and Leader» will include a Cubraaeter National Eventa. Mrs. D. Russell ; and Assistant Cub mas ter, a Scout- Child Wellfare and Public Health, master and two Assistant Scout- Mrs. Earl Findlay ; Education and masters, and a Rover Leader. Better Schools, Mrs. Kenneth Before September eight boys of Smiley: Borne Economics, Mrs, Cub age and eight of Scout age JohoBHobbs; Immigration, Miss
Geo Pool ; Publicity, Miss K. M. Edey.
in Loyal Tribute
to
Arrangements are under way, by a number of local business men, to hold a Sports Day, on Friday, June 9th, Further particulars will be announced in subsequent issues.
The King and Queen
DIED
C
At the annual meeting of the County of Pontiac Women's Institutes held May 10th, in Shawville, Farm and Home Beautification was cUscu*sed, and the meeting decided to take up the effort in a method similar to. some Ontario districts, in co operation with the. Agricultural Society, and Mr. N. A Drummond* Agronomist, who addressed the meeting.
The time suggested being fiotu May 24th to September 1st, 1939. Each farmer entering the competition to pay fifty cents entry fee. Entries to be received by the County Secretary, Miss A S.
itgÊÊÊii^^ÈÊtÊÊmÊÊÊÊiÊÊÊmm
representative from each branch was as follows : Mrs. W. J. Mur ray, Eimside: Miss A S Piilchard, Wyman ; Mis. Win Meredith, Beech Grove ; Mrs. Earl Findlay, Bristol ; Mrs, Harry Hodgins, Clarendon ; Mrs Milton McGuire, Stark’s Corners ; Mrs. R. Armstrong, Fort Cou longe ;
W, Hodgins, Shawville.
Judge will visit each far home entered, immediately mM entries close on May 24th, again about September 1st.
further information apply any member of the committee.
Mrs. W. J. Murray, Co. President ; Miss A. S Pritchard. Co. Sec Tn t Mrs. R. W. Hodgins, Co, Com. Agr.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and
Pembroke, were Sunday guests of Mrs. Grace's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm, John Horner.
children of
Mr. Melvin Hodgins, who graduates in Commerce at McOil University, Montreal, is visiting his parents,
Hodgins
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Wilson and daughters, and Mr. Burgess, of Kemptviile, were Sunday guests of the former’s mother, Mrs Jas. Wilson in town. ¦¦¦¦#¦¦
Mr. Woi. W bar re ter», Jennie and Mr. and Mrs. Wru. G. Smith, of Ottawa, visited relatives in town Sunday.	q
Mr. and Mrs. R G.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Sfcawville Scout Tronp To Be Organised
SflAfc an open meeting held in the Shawville High School on May 4th, a motion that the Tnxis Eagles and Trail Ranger Wolverines be disbanded and that a complete Scout Troup be organized to take
was
QUEBEC
SHAWVILLE,
ey and daugh-Margtieiite and

named with one
their
r place by September ¦E ied unanimously.
will consist of (8-12), | a Rover
CHIT
when completed, a Wolf Club Pack t Troup (12-17), it Crew (17-21),
on
Miss Margaret Brough, of Thet-ford Mines, Que., accompanied by Mr. Orin Simmons, visited at the home of her parent», Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Brough, this week.
Mrs. tieman Lester, and son. Howard, arid daughter, Sybil, and Walter Greenwood,
f
will
a
Boy
Mrs. R
. A
after
and
and
Mrs.
daughter. Ruth, all of Ottawa, were week-end guests of Mr. and Mrs. Arthm Turrietf.
Pur

Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hayes accompanied by Mr and Mrs. Gordon Brownlee, and daughter, Ideas,
will be trained to act aa leaders Tn the Cubs and Scouts. Other boys will then be taken Into the dub*



X

###PAGE###2###

J
They Are Accompanying King George and Queen Elizabeth to Canada
f

Farm Forum
.X*
'm

9


$r
(Conducted by Professor Henry Q. Bell of the Ontario,, Agricultural^ College, Guelph, with the co-operation of the various departments of . the O. A. C.)
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
1. I have a lawn that does not look healthy. It has some bare places, and does not get green as early as some others In this locality. Can you suggest early care that I should give it? What special treatment should I give my flowering
shrubs to get the best show of Color?—J. E. C. Middlesex Co.
LAWN IMPROVEMENT.
In the Spring as soon as possible lawns should be raked and rubbish removed. Rolling should follow If at all possible, but not with an extremely heavy roller except on sandy soils. To help the grass, fertilizer such as Ammonium Sulphate, 1 to 2 ounces to the square yard, mixed w*ith fine earth, sand, or better still leaf mould from the woods, should be spread over the surface somewhat lightly. Or instead of Ammonium Sulphate a complete fertilizer of almost any form can be used either with or without soil. Should bare patches exist new seed should be sown such as Kentucky Blue and Red-top In about equal quantities at the rate of \ lb. to the square rod.
In about one month or six weeks' time the Ammonium Sulphate and moll treatment can be repeated.
When dry, hot weather Is ap-, porachihg and during such, If at all possible, the lawn should have a. thorough soaking with water to prevent drying out of the soil. During warm, hot days It Is not ' wise to have the grass cut too low—1% Inches Is quite low.
2. Will you kindly tell me should lime be applied to the soil immediately previous to planting grain, hay or vegetables, or should It be applied subsequently? Is It advisable to use Lime In conjunction with fertilizers applied at the game time?—"H. N., Peterborough
County."
I
h £4
P



smi
s



EXCUSE ME



1

<P
BUT
:f
t
v>






BI6 BEN

B

M
¦ ^
»



60£J
/
»






FUR THE RI



l/à


r\
L
%
Æ

* M
»


a

»

»
*




m

»





#4




w

%
basa
s*
*
%

#V//Z



I
If.
XX

!
:vm.
I
AWvV S

."ST
•xjw



<V*
'



An indication that Mussolini is slipping is that more than 1,000 Fascists have been expelled from the party protesting 11 Duce’e anti-Jewish decrees.
Sherlock Holmes methods by police in tracing disappearance of explosives from a brickworks, Falkirk, Eng., convicted/ two men, plaster casts being taken of footprints in the snow.
In the crop year of 1937-38 the Canadian Pacific Railway shipped 24,051 carloads of Manitoba grain —the Canadian National railways 19,690.
Lime should never be mixed with fertilizers when applying fertilizer to grain, hay or vegetable crops.
Mixing Lime with fertilizers tends to revert the Available Phosphoric Acid, or to undo the fertilizer manufacturer’s efforts to supply you* with soluble foms of Phosphoric Acid. Lime can be supplied at any time during the growth of the crop. It should not be applied without first testing the soil to see if Lime Is necesary. If the soil Is already Neutral or Alkaline, the addition of Lime will do absolutely no good.


1




i




w


i



!









Vx A
I
1



1


I
•My
IP
si

SL
.»
##

H
&
t
mm
¦
m
*



(UNARD WHITE STAR
pïovides a Choice' of Routes
Til EUROPE

i
W


Here are six of the retinue of 30 persons who will accompany the King and Queen to Canada. Officials of Scotland lard, press representatives and other minor dignitaries have already reached Canada and the United States to arrange the thousand-and-one details in conn ection with the royal visit. TOP, LEFT to RIGHT: l*dy Nunburnholme, who will serve as lady-in-waitin g to the Queen; the Earl of Airlie, who will act as lx>rd Chamberlain ; Lady Katherine Seymour, who will also be a lady-in-waiting to her majesty. BOTTOM, LEFT to RIGHT : Lord Eldon, who will serve as lord-in-waiting to the King; the Hon. Piers Legh. equerry to the King and George F. Steward, press officer at No. 10 Downing St.
/.
SHILUUO
Bout•
mow
cmwm
WEEKLY sailings from Montreal and Quebec on the scenic St. Lawrence route to England, Ireland, Scotland and France.
HARNESS AND COLLARS
Farmers Attention — Spring is
U/Miktxy Tin*	I nearly here. Consult your nearest
VY earner I ips	Harness Shop about Staco Harness
By Telephone Supplies. We sell our goods only J	r	I through your local Staco Leather
dealer.
LEFT THE ARMY WITH RHEUMATISM
*132 cabin *118 tourist *91 third class
The goods are right, and so are our prices. We manufacture in our factorie Harness, Horse Collars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and you get satisfaction, only by:
Samuel Trees Company Limited
663 King St. West, Toronto WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
or
Goods
Weekly to England and France by the famous ' Queen Mary” and "Aquitania" . .a regularly to Cobh, Southampton, Havre and London,by the "Géorgie ", "Britannic" and new "Mauretania" „ . frequent sailings to Liverpool and other British ports.
*159 cabin *122— tourist *93^? third class
Far full Information set your local trarai agent, or
Cor. Bay and Wellington Street»—(EL. 3471)
Toronto
New Yorkers anxious to know what the weather ia likely to be like and too impatient to wait and see, may dial Weather 6-1212 and hear a phonograph record announce “rain and colder, northeasterly winds, rain and colder, northeasterly winds, rain and cold click!
Government forecasts are supplied four or more times daily to the company and an operator records them, the phonograph playing records continuously.
Have You Heard
The
Now Fit To Join Again
Twenty years ago, he left the
%% ¦¦ merry years young.
“I came out of the army with rheumatism,” he writes. “It was aapecially bad in my feet. I started taking Kruschen Salts, and in a few months I found relief from my rheumatism. I became nimble on my feet. Now, at 61—weighing 168—I am cheerful, energetic, and always ready to play with my grandchildren."—F.E.B.
Many people grow old long before their time because they neglect one vital ned of healtn need for internal cleanliness. Eventually, they adopt the healthy Kruschen habit. Then, probably for the first time in their lives, they start getting rid every day of waste material from the system. The result is renewed health and vigour. Ailments due to a clogged system vanish, youth returns, and life becomes really worth living.

V
Route
constipated and rheumatic, y, he is fit and nimble—a romping granddad, 61
(POM
Made
HW KM
An exploration party in the hinterland of Brazil reached a point some hundred miles from Iquitoe after a fortnight’s hard going, and were unfortunate enough to strike an area of dense jungle and steaming swamps.
During the usual afternoon rest near one of these, one member of the party noticed another pacing up and down, a worried look on his face. He stopped him and asked what was wrong.
“You know,” he replied,, seriously, “I keep thinking to-day’s Thursday!”
g s
Classified..
Advertising
HAin GOODS
AUKXT* WANTED
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited. Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
WIGS. TOUPEfl. TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches, Curie, and all typae of finest qunllty Hair Goode. wr|fb
Modern
Etiquette
tor Illustrated catalogue. Conflden-tlal terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. 628 Bathurst. Toronto.
the
AGENTS! STOREKEEPERS! Make big profits selling our over 260 lines of Drygoods and Small-wares. Write today for free Price List General Outfitters Reg d. Box 965. Place D'Armes. Montreal.
BY ROBERTA LEE
BRAY CHICKS BROUGHT SUCCESS to M. Turku», Weston, Ont., last year. Him 200 Bray Barred Rocks were laying at 4tt months. Bray chicks will bring you success Order now. Bray Hatchery,
John Street North, Hamilton Ontario.
JOIIHKRS-AUEXTS.CANV ASSERS
1.	—Is it absolutely required that a person give the reason for declining an invitation?
2.	—Is it proper for a man to smoke a pipe at some formal affair ?
THE MOST COMPLETE LINE OF Smallwares, Novelties. Rasor Blades. Dry Goods. Cosmetics, assembled In a new mammoth illustrated catalogue, wholesale prices obtainable — big profits. Free catalogue. Dept 8, Phillips Sales Reg d, 72 Craig W, Montreal, Que.
too.
ARTICLES FOR SALE
130
FLAGS. BUNTING, PLAIN AND
Truck Covers and and samples on re-Ltd., Toronto.
A smart man is one who hasn't let a woman pin anything on him since he was a baby.—Winnipeg Free Press.
The lowest
Waterproof Tents. Prices guest. John LecHie
CERTIFIED SEED POTATOES "WARBA”, WORLD'S EARLIEST Potato, large, white, dellcloum, hardiest, heaviest ylelder. Government Certified. 100 strong eyes 81.00 postpaid. S. V. Cowan, Wal-defk, Saak.	^
3.	—Who usually acta aa hostess when a woman’s club gives a luncheon party?
4.	—When a woman is either standing or seated, talking with a man, and drops her handkerchief, glove, or some such article, and the man does not notice it, should she pick it up?
6.—When the guests at a dinner are few in number, and they are all intimate friends, would it be ati right for the place cards to bear only their first names, Mary, Elizabeth, Helen, etc.?
6.—May wedding announcements be mailed a week before the wedding?
RLOCK-MANNINQ, OAK CASK, stops. 20 hand sets, or 10 full sets reeds, Including two sets ped-*al bass. $650.00. For further Information. write to Helntsm&n & Co.. 196 Yonge St.. Toronto.
8H$«;
PHOTOGRAPHY
An inmate of the asylum who waa pushing a wheelbarrow upside down was stopped by a visitor who asked: “What’s the idea?”
“I'm not crazy,” was the retort. "Yesterday they filled it with bricks.”
VlliNI DRV It Ml P MU ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 26c, OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY. 2 RUSSELL ST.. TORONTO.
What Science
BUILDING MATERIAL FOR SALE
PRICED EXCEPTIONALLY LOW to clear. We have 150 clay tile pipe 30" diameter. 2" wall, suitable for springs or wells: 150.000 square feet heavy wire screen 2" mesh; 2.000 street car sash. 8.000 feet 10" heavy galvanized culvert, also lumber, doors, fence posts, pipe columns, rails, pipe, fittings, valves, cable, brick, atone. Everything for your building. Frankel Brother» Ltd. Established 1886. Eastern Avenue at Broadview. Toronto. GLadetone 4681.
flWEMlY SPECIALS—WALTHAM Pocket Watches.
watches, Rings, etc.. Violins, Saxa-phones. Unredeemed Pawnbrokers pledges. Catalogue. McTamney’e, Toronto.
Wrist-
is
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 25c. 8 enlarged prints 26c. Reprints same price. Brlght-llng Studio, 29A Richmond Street East. Toronto.	________
Doing
*
*
CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS Three-piece used Chester-fleld Suite, repp cover- <1Q Cfi log. first class condition Three-piece Used English Veloftr Chesterfield Suite, com- *0a CA pletely reconditioned ..	'
Bey-back Guarantee Freight paid to year atatlon Royal ( heaterfleld
S« Richmond Street E., Toroalo
He mumbled a few words in church
And be was married.
He mumbled a fed words in his sleep
And he was divorced.
VITAMIN B-l ENDS PAIN
A new vitamin treatment to eliminate the pain of severe neuralgia of the face has been announced to the U S. National Academy of Sciences.
The vitamin used is “B-One”, the anti-neuritis factor in food. Ita lack results in the development of beri beri and other nerve degeneration diseases.
PRIiNlNOAL
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO
ARRY—HUNDREDS TO CH< from. Many with means. F ers' daughters.
Property, fldentlai. ber ta.
OOS2C
arih-
DAHLIA TUBERS
with
Widows Particular* 10c. Box 128. Calgary
18 GIANT DECORATIVE DAHLIA Tubers labeled 81.00, 25 different $8.00 Ont
postpaid. M. Shedel. Mlmtco.
AVIATION OPPORTUNITY
An Englishman and a Frenchman were arguing over whose country owned the finer navy. They asked the old Irishman in the corner to settle the argument.
“The Irish have the best navy,” he said.
“In Heaven’s name, where is the Irish navy?” said the other two.
“And what a fool I’d be telling you when you might be a couple of spies,” said the Irishman.
1.—It is not obligatory that one do so, but unless it is a very intimate reason, one should explain why, and with regret.. Otherwise the hostess might resent a curt “Sorry I cannot accept.” 2.—This is sometimes done, but It cannot be called good form. 3.—The president of the club. 4.—No; merely say, “I believe I dropped my handkerchief.” 6.—Yes, when all the guests are close friends. 6.—No; they should be mailed immediately after the wedding.
QUIT TOBACCO SNUFF, EASILT, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box I. Winnipeg.
LEARN TO FLY NOW AT LOW coat. Efficient training — modern equipment Including Radio. Living quarters provided for out-oftown students. Filers limited. Barker Airport, Toronto.
BUSINESS CHANCES
<
OUR PRINCIPALS OFFER PROS-perlty. Independence. Security, within reach <tf all. Write "Home With Income" Agency, North Hatley, Que.	___________
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITM for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amazingly sue-cesaful r ?.reed Product»
MEASURE STAR SPEED
An adaptation of the old-fashioned stereopticon is giving science a new instrument for measuring the speed of stars billions of
miles away.
By twisting two prisms, or wedges of glass used to break up light into its component colors, it i* possible to determine stellar velocities more accurately than heretofore.
BABY CHICKS
hyblood treatment. Pedl-roducla, Saskatoon, Saak.
DEVELOPING ‘
QQVT. APPROVED CHICKS FROM bloodteated breeders at rock bottom prices. Standard Quality Hea-Breeds $9.50 90 per cent. Pul-$16.96, Cockerels $7.00. Leghorns $9.00, Pullets $19.00, Cockerels $3.00. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to SO ounce eggs Heavy Breeds 810.95, Pullets 17.96. Cockerel» $8.00, Leghorns 10.46, Pullets $21.90. Free Catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery. Limited, Baden. Ontario.
ROLLS DEVELOPED. ETCHCRAFT enlargement — 8 prints 25c. Reprints 8c. Photoart Service, Trenton, Ontario, Drawer 809.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONate romantic sweetheart, % with money, write: Mary Lee, 445-0, Holla, Missouri.	______
vy
lets
16c PER ROLL DEVELOPED AND printed v on Velox, Reprints 2c each. Our modern equipment as su^s you beautiful Hl-glosa prints that will never fade or <Recolour. Barrow Photo Service. 23 Everett Crescent, Toronto 13.
SEWING MACHINES * SUPPLIE»
Î
“Fifteen minutes after putting on n pair of socks 1 s hole ia on*,” wrote thusiastic golfer to the sock manufacturer.
FOR SEWING MACHINES. RK-pulrs, supplies—all makes. new or trade In, reconditioned machine* in stock — Write A. Gilbert A Son, X5u Yonge St.. Toronto.
“INSIDE INFORMATION"
TWEDDLK CHICKS FOR SALE TWEDDLE CHICKS THE HIGH quality chick» In the low price field. Mass production ' at one plant, low operating costs, no agent» or salesmen enable» us to sell for lees. Orade A Heavy Breeds lie; 90% Pullets, 18c: Cockerel», .66c; Leghorn», $10.60: Pullets, 122.00: Extra Profit Grade, the kind that weigh two pounds r hundred more Heavies $12.46;
«
FUR SALE
For Indigestion #r CONSTIPATION
PURE MAPLE HYRUP. first quality. Write for prices. Ord-er early. John M. Gillespie, Abbotsford.
Que.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIR*
CURE FOR PELLAGRA
Nicotine acid, newest of vitamin», a chemical relative of nicotine, can be had from your meat market, it was announced to the American Institute of Nutrition.
Lack of this vitamin causes pellagra, with an*estimated 1,000,000 victims in the United States a dise
T
§
SEND Ufl rOUn TRACTOR MAUN»-to and Generator Repel,e. We aav# you money. Al'anson Armature Manfr., 855 Day St.. Toronto.
TIRED FEET
\L
RASPBERRIES. LATHAM. CHIEF. Viking. Fifteen for dollar, hund-Four Dollars. Strawberries, Dollar per hundred, prepaid. SC. T> • i k den, Ontario.
UATHRUOM OUTFITS FOR SALE
AS

S
red
ërvfitsre île and 10e.
Ki
let», 819.10; Cockerels Leghorn# 111.95; Pullets
STAMPS

FREE SAMPLE
RARE OLD NEW BRUN8WI train stamp, 16c with appro? Letterhead, reference appréciai Newberr>s, 948 Fort, V le t o
poultry guide.— Hatcheries Limit-
calendar and Tweddle Chick ¦ ed. Fergus, Ontario.
IF YOU INTEND INSTALLING A Bathroom outfit or water system write for free Illustrated catalogue with prices. Free installations. The J.
so dreadful in it runs into in-
li
ease
thaf
Key l>e|>t.	44
fine! stages
n <•
estimates F. Crowley Company. Dundas, Ontario.
IIRAY CHICKS FOR SALK YEAR AFTER YEAR Chicks do the trick for llrs.slohrr emlng. Chatham. Ontario. Her 0 Bray Barred Rock pullets hit <6% production during the Fall hit h price month* last year. Order your Bray chicks today. Bray Hatehery, ISO John Street North, Kmllton, Ontnr
A
The richest sources are liver, kidney, lean muscle, brains, yeast and heart meats. Probably an ounce or two of liver a day would give a man all he needs. Kidney le almost equally rich.
on
GARFIELD TEA

I a*l) TIRK* FOR SALE
%
STALLION FOR SALE
2600 USED TIRES 96c UP FOR truck or car. Retread* gust-welve months; dealers A*k foi free price liai.
23 Kirs St.
Toronto 3, Canada
¦spm antecd wanted
lap	re Co
amilton.
I fictif Areata*
BUD K 8 YEAR OLD st*liion. register Henry Hulse, Queens
A GOOD Perrheron enrolled, ville Ontario.
f<3 end
LlNiMEN1
8
39
Issue No. 19







###PAGE###3###
;
From “Robinson
Crusoe's" Island | Add “Loop" Lines
Strawberries and Lobsters Flourish There —“Man Friday” Was A Carib Indian.
T.C.A. Planes To
Danish Royalty Pay Visit To Canada
NEWS
PARADE
VOICE
of the
PRESS

Will Link Other Towns With Main Airline Routes
Provincial "loops" to connect the most Important centres of each province with the main line of Trans-Canada Air Lines, Ltd., will be established In the near futur* Is announced by Hon. C. D. Home, Dominion Minister of Transport.
Congratulating Trans-Canada Air Unes on the progress of their organization to date, Mr. Howe said last week that it had endowed Canada with a publicly controlled d* tlon-wlde air service which, for highly trained personnel, standard of equipment and modern landing fields, ranked among the best In the world.
COMING AND GOING. Yes, the German Government cdrtftifcly has the British Government on the run 1 whichever way you look at it . . . Using the policy of the double threat, the Nazi efforts have been crowned with unmitigated success . ^irst with the threat of force, then the threat of collapse, and they've got Mr. Chamberlain both coming and going.
Mr. G. E. R. Gedye, New York Times' noted foreign correspondent, quotes the words of an Austrian Nazi high-up: "We have the easy game of threatening Mr. Chamberlain alternately with our strength and oi r weakness." The first threat is readily understandable; the second, when one realizes that the collapse of the Nazi I regime would seriously “rebar-rass" the British bankers and fin- . ancicrs.
When Alexander Selkirk, sailor on whose experiences Daniel Defoe based Robinson Crusoe, was put ashore on Juan Fernandes Island, this Pacific dot was so Isolated that four lonely years passed before he was taken off again.
But pity for his plight might turn to envy If the world knew more of the island’s native foods. Lobsters are shipped regularly to Argentine tables, and now a California expedition plans to stop by Juan Fernandez to pick strawberries. The Island berries have a hardiness in resisting disease which may Improve United States strawberries If the two strains were crossed.
The famous lobsters are rushed alive from Juan Fernandez by boat to Chile 365 miles away, and from there are lifted by plane over the Andes, at an altitude of three and one-half miles to Buenos Aires for dinner.
This island where Selkirk lived, and had the experiences which gave Defoe the idea for Robinson Crusoe, should not be confused however, with Tobago, in the West Indies, the Island Defoe had In mind as the setting for hie novel. "Friday,” it will be recalled, was a Carib Indian, and the fictional Robinson Crusoe was shipwrecked near the mouth of the Orinoco River,
SECOND NAPOLEON
We're sometimes glad that history does repeat itself. Even Napoleon was stopped. — Peterborough Examiner.
m,
# e
HOCKEY AND HOOKEY
The hockey season is over, and soon opening of swimming holes will usher in the hookey season.— Toronto Telegram.


m
V'A :


WELCOME SABOTAGE
If they don't take precautions against sabotage in this country some one is liable to go ahead and put a bomb under the wheat problem.—Hamilton Spectator.
«
Wi
if

if

In Canada we speak Canadian as opposed to American English. The Webster dictionary is probably the best dictionary of the English usage in the United States. In no sense Is it suitable for Canadians. American spelling, pronunciation, and usage differ radically from what is acceptable In Canada. ? brief comparison of Webster’s Collegiate Dictionary with the Concise Oxford emphasizes the wide disparity.
Look up the word "dictionary* in both. Webster gives a secondary accent. This is correct in American speech, and 50 or 100 years ago It was correct in English. But not now. The Oxford gives It without this stress. Like hundreds of other polysyllabic words, In correctly spoken English the secondary (another word that has lost It) stress has been forced out by recessive accent.
This is Just one among many reasons why Canadian speech autfy oritles prefer the Oxford. to the Webster. It Is the final authority. Constant revision keeps its suo-
ceasive issues up-to-date. It is the grandchild of the great Oxford English Dictionary which took 44 years and 11,500,000 to produce.
H. W. Fowler, who compiled the Concise Oxford from this Impeachable source, also wrote m companion volume, A Dictionary of Modern English Usage, a hook which richly merits Its reputation as a classic.
A lively book throughout, it Is of a great practice! value to the casual reader and to the eft-pert. Fowler was a kindly scholar whose mission In life It wee to preach the gospel of etiquette Is speech and writing. His book deale with everything from the mystefÿ of the correct uses of shal1 end will to a disquisition on "gentefl-ism.” That last alone is worth the price of the book.

VISITING AMERICANS
Ottawa predicts that “millions of tourists" will come to Canada to help us welcome our King and Queen. With 135,000,000 Americans on balloon tires it is quite possible that Canadians may become lost in the crowd.—Moose Jaw Tlmes-Herald.
f
TOUGH BOYi “The tall, saturnine Beck, softspoken and deadly” has been Poland's virtual dictator eince the death of Pilsudski in 1936. He is hard-boiled, frequently being dubbed "the tough boy of Europe” . .. His diplomatic motto is “Poland for Poland,” his working method, the manoeuvre . . . Several times in the past month or six weeks he has succeeded in out-Hitlering Hitler, compelling the Fuehrer to cry quits . . . And he doesn’t depend on his allies to keep Poland free from Nazi aggression . . . He's been seeing to that, himself.

? T ,
Wm

BEST DETERRENT Fear of losing licenses has almost eliminated the drunken, reckless driver in Mew South Wales, according to the minister of transport. “License cancellation is a far more effective deterrent than heavy fines,” the minister says.— Guelph Mercury.
Crown Prince Frederick and Crown Princess Ingrid of Denmark, on • tour of the United States, paid a two-day visit to Canada on April 27-28, when they crossed the border at Niagara Falls for a view of the illumination of the Falls and a tour of the scenic points of interest on the Canadian side.
Europeans Enjoy American Dishes
Books And You
NTARIO
UTDOORS
NATURE HAS THE “SAY”
That old familiar claim that “it all depends on the weather” was given a fresh significance by the comptroller of Canada's largest farm implements concern, in addressing the students of the University of Western Ontario, London, the other afternoon. This is what he said: “You can budget as much as you like but if you don't get the moisture you won't get the business.”
Herald.
BOUQUET FOR MR. DIONNE: Oliva Dionne, father of Callander's Quintuplets, was credited in the Ontario Legislature just before it prorogued, with being nature's gift to the tourist industry. Leopold Macaulay, Conservative member for York South, said hr was tired of hearing the Government get all the credit for our biggest tourist attraction.
BY
PAUL HAMILTON
Tourists From This Side Are Teaching Continental Chefs New Tricks—Without Benefit of “Goo”.
By VIC BAKER
A number of readers have requested that we review each week one or two new books likely to be of commanding Interest. Before doing so, Books and You offers some suggestions on the referential literature which might be termed "required equipment” for the general reader.
Those who enjoy the larger benefits of literature, whether they read for pleasure or Instruction, seldom pass a new or unfamiliar word without Investigation. The habit of consulting the dictionary is commendable.
First essential for the alert reader Is a dictionary of his native language. Not Just any dictionary. To be authoritative, it must be sufficiently up-to-date to record recent changes In our swiftly changing speech.
TROUT SEASON OPENS EARLY
The season for speckled trout and brown trout opened In Ontario on Saturday, April 29th, instead of May 1st, thanks'to the Department of Game aud Fisheries; but many anglers were doomed to disappointment as reports from a dozen favoured centres In Ontario indicate that fishing will not start this year until well after May 15th. Lakes are still almost solid with Ice and good fishing will only be available In a few spots In the southern sections.	-
However, impatient anglers will not have so very long to wait. If the weather suddenly becomes warmer, fishing conditions should improve and bring good sport within the fortnight. Prior to the first fly fishing there likely will be bait fishing for those interested along the shores of the speckled trout lakes. A good season is looked for this year as a result of the Department of Game and Fisheries’ restocking programme which, It is expected, will show returns this season.
The tired business man from North America has contributed much to the cooking knowledge of European chefs, according to Alfred Fries, hotel executive chef.
The tourist from this side, Fries said, has demanded of European chefs dishes prepared to his taste. The chefs have approved of many of the American ways of preparing food and have kept them.
"Corn on the cob is one of the finest contributions to the culinary arts,” Fries said. "Other contributions are succotash and planked steak, which first were prepared by the Indians, tomato dishes and fantastic salad combinations."
Salad And Coffee
No nation "even approaches" America in the making of coffee, Fries said.
"The average man on this side wants a simple meal with plenty of fresh vegetables. He wants his tomato Juice ice cold, not lukewarm. He likes his spinach plain, not creamed, and his lamb chcp broiled. And he wants it without benefit of ’goo’.”
Stratford Beaeon-
WAR AND ELECTIONS: Political observers at Ottawa, envisioning a general elution this year (maybe in the fall), ree it very much affected by the .international situation, both as to the time and the nature of the contest. If the present crisis should lead to grave trouble, the election might be hurried up; but the parliamentary issues would be changed. Instead of turning upon domestic questions, such as refief, unemployment, the discussion in the House would centre on war, and the question of Canada's obligations.
If the worst should come to the worst, we’d heai talk of a national government which would do nothing but submit to the demands of a national emergency.
4
4
Bitten-Off Nose Mailed To Police
>
Victim Of Cruel Incident Sends Tip In A Bottle To MedicoLegal Expert For Analysis.

A resident of Rlmouski, Que., has sent part of his nose to Dr. Rosario Fontaine, Montreal City medico-legal expert, with the request that he analyze it to determine how the piece got detached from the main organ.
The nose tip arrived carefully pickled in a bottle, forwarded by mail from the St. Lawrence south shore town. In the accompanying note to Dr. Fontaine, the owner declared that the piece was detached while he was under the influence of liquor—in fact, he had "passed out”—but he had reasons to believe that it was severed by a broken bottle or bitten off.
Dr. Fontaine said he would conduct the experiment and report to the man. He was a little puzzled by the request that the nose tip be returned to the owner following the analysis.
LIFE’S LIKE THAT 1/WCS. ftps NAP*
By Fred Neher
HOT SPOT NO. lz Tie most sizzling "hot spot" in the British Empire today according to Prof. R. M. Saunders of the University of Toronto, is Palestine. There the conflict in close to threatening the very existence of Britain’s eastern empire. Whoever wins the fight in th* nety*-East for control of the Arabs wm control the vital oil pipelines from Mesopotamia and the Suez Canal, he says.
"The whole situation," Professor Saunders explains, "arose out of some rather confused promises at the close of the Great War. As a result of these promises the Arabs expected to receive Palestine, and at the same time the Jews expected the same thing."
German and Italian influence, of course, is helping to keep the pot
boiling, too.	iffîÆ F S'111
The merry month of May is here Nature is making a joyous awakening. The air is throbbing with a new vitality
ing into life ....
from their icy shroud, cascading with new hope mais responding to the call of the wild
#•••••••
progress is coming
Beautification Is Good Advertising
a
trees burst-creeks, freed

birds and ani-
••••••••
F
Tourist Bodies Should Go In For Roses And Shrubbery.
a
%»
as we view the .whole world through the rose-coloured glasses of spring!

v

r
Sergeant Mitchell stated there are numerous places In the country where beautification schemes can be worked out.
If tourist associations would spend more money on beautifying schemes they would promote the best advertisement a community . could get, last week declared Traf fic Sergeant Emerson Mitchell, of Windsor.
The advertising value of a beautiful community in inestimable, he said.	I
Will She Make A Good Dairy Cow?
For the fisherman there are prospective thrills iu each alluring stream, a promise of a big lunker In every pool and a chance to demonstrate his skill in every riffle. For the nature lover there is everything his heart craves and for the tired soul a calm and peace which soothes and comforts. For these reasons ever-increasing thousands of men and women are annually taking to the lakes and streams of the province In pursuit of health, happiness and the thrills which fishing affords.
It is safe to Judge the cow on the basis of her production as a two-year-old, at which heifers are usually bred to freshen. In general It may be said that the production of the two-year-old is about 70 per cent, of the mature production, and that it increases about 10 per cent, per year up to five years, when the cow reaches her greatest production. This varies for different breeds and individuals but may be used as a general guide. The test of the milk or percentage butterfat Is slightly higher in the heifer stage than at maturity.

d
Safety Urged On Highways
t*.
Canada’s Greatest Business "We should appreciate the fact that the tourist business is Canada’s greatest business, and the planting of roses Is the thing, I think, that will help the tourist trade here."
*.»
Most Mishaps Caused By Breaking Rules, Says Traffic Engineer
Japan has 32,700 more government officials than before the war with China.

"You’ll excuse Jenlues For not standing—he mislaid his suspenders."
Safety Is the Individual responsibility of all who use the highways, declared Sergt. Howard Baker," traffic engineer of the Montreal Police Department, last week, addressing, a gathering on "Another Type of National Defense." He attributed 95 per cent, ef accidents to human errors, and most of those to violations of traf *o rules and regulations.
Mostly Human Errors If there were to be physical examinations of drivers and a test for driving on the highways, It would get them somewhere in their efforts to reduce accidents, said %ergt. Baker.	, '
Dealing with * pedestrians, h# pointed out that of the 100 fatalities In Montreal last year 78 were pedestrians and it had been found that 90 per cent, of the pedestrians were themselves responsible and that 42 out of the 78 were over 45
»
WONDERLAND OF OZ
By L. Frank Baum

SL*
Z
Ü
IÈ
i

In
# *
%
x


V
> t
?
t

X




57*
“Well,” said Dorothy, "we're going northeast and It seems Just a# easy to follow that direction without a path as with
"Certainly.", answered the Pewit Is not hard to drag the wagon
So they started on again and the grass to soft unde* the wheels that It made riding, but Dorothy was a little un-
"Never mind.” said the Wisar<|. "Dor- The Wiaard said nothing, but he did not othy and I have been lost many times and seem to be especially anxloua The Saw-always found again.” “But we may get Horae was trolling along briskly, yet it
* mmsmm Nggsafi
Bsssssm satoesse
easy	«¦pp^pH
easy at losing the path, because now there was nothing to guide them houses were to be seen, so they could not aak their way, and although the I .and of Os was always beautiful, this country •«
gears of ago.
one."
Horse
oyer the meadow. I only wanted to know where to go.” ‘’There Is a forest over - < rose the prairie," said the Wfz trd, "And It lies In tbs dlrf ¦
A new two-year course involving air-raid precautions and prin-tdplee of national defence has been Introduced in Turkish schools.
rim
111
rt of the I party.
haps we re lost,” suggested Aunt Km, ' they had proceed'd quite a way In
82
th
all
ww ¦
H
H we nr» l • h • "forv

straight to
! ?


#hd you're b

1 to
nr#

É m

11

###PAGE###4###
7
» —
THE EQUITY
Well, I fear that a great deal of our trouble in this country is due to an unhealthy state of mind. I sometimes think that we require most is a tody of forceful preachers with the power to inspire Canadians with the great merit and advantages of this country as com pared *vith those of other lands.”
HOGGINS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, MAY 18th 1939
X
SEED CORN
House Passes More Estimates For Past Year
The House ot Commons Friday caught up with the Governments expenditures in the year ended March 31,
1939, by passing $23,286,442 further supplementary estimates for last year.
The items, many of which were passed
FdS dKV	|T="D«S FOR COAL AND COKE
Federal Buildings, Province of Quebec
X
v

Chevrolet,
Sales
\
Buick, Oldemobile,
Service
\
We now have the following varieties in stock
x
\
White Cap Sweepstakes Red Cob
Longfellow
Improved Leaning,
Golden Glow,
Early Bailey,
Pride of Niskna,
Wisconsin No. 7
You can buy here with confidence. This Corn is all Rennies No. 1 Grade. Our prices are right.
Labor Department, $10,000 further for Senate administration, $56,146 House , of Commons, $9,000 Indian welfare, Sealed Tenders addressed to the under $73,000 pensions and health, $4,600 signed and endorsed “Tender for Coal Canada Gazette, Royal Canadian Mount- for the Province of Quebec” will be reed Police $75,36*2, Patent Record, 1 ceived until 12 o’clock noon (daylight $5,629.	I saving), Friday, May 26, 1939, for the
Adjustment in connection with settle-I supply of coal and coke for the
ment of 500 British soldier families in j Federal Buildings in the Province of New Brunswick. $54,415; fairs and j Quebec, except Montreal. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Forms of tender	specifications
\
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
exhibitions, $120,000 ; Government elevators, $14,360 ; transport, $2,257 ; Na- 'and conditions attached cap be obtained tional Harbors Hoard, $48,430 ; Prince I from the Purchasing Agent, Department
There j of Public Works, Ottawa ; the Cleik of Works, 150 St. Paul St. West Montreal ;
the Superintendent,
West, Montreal ;
Works, Customs Building, Quebec, P Q Tenders should be made on the for ms supplied by the Department and in accordance with departmental specification and conditions attached thereto.
In the case of tenderers quoting for one or more places or buildings and
A	, when the total of their offer exceeds the
The Lieu{tenant Govenor has sanction- '8um 0f $5,000.00 they must attach to
ed a new bill, No. 45, to provide the 1 ^e|r tender a certified cheque on a 1 payment of a bounty on iron ores for a chartered bank in Canada, made pay-period of five years from January 1st, able ,0 thc order of lhe Honourable 1
the Minister of Public Works, equal to ,
10 per cent, of the amount of the tender, or Rearer Ronds of the Dominion of Canada or of the Canadian National school,
Railway Company and its constituent particulars apply to, companies, unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the Dominion of Canada, or the aforementioned bonds and a certified cheque if required to make up an odd amount.
The Department also reserves the right to demand from any successful tenderer a security deposited in the
form of a certified cheque or bond as Well Improved Farm, bviug Lot 11 above, equal to 10 per cent, of the the 4th Range of the Township ol amount of his bid, to guarantee the Clarendon, containing 60 acres more or proper fulfilment of the contract.	le.-s, four milts south of Shaw ville. Y or
By order,	further particulars apply to,
J. M. SOMERVILLE,
Secretary.
Edward Island ferry, $60,643. was an item of $1,765,000.
A further $4,800,000 special aid for Saskatchewan last year drew charges of discrimination against Alberta from Social Credit members.
X
Look These Models Over
150 St. Paul St. and the Clerk of
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Ooaoh
Province of Quebec to Pay Bounty on Iron Ore Within the Province
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O.
1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1981 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
NOTICE
Teacher Wanted
The best car value
1940
Protestant teacher holding an
The object of this Bill is to encourage the establishment of and steele industry in the Province, by the payment of a bounty of two cents per unit of metallic iron contained in each ton of ore mined or produced in the Province, provided that this ore is reduced and smelted within its boundar-
Tenders Wanted for Erection of New School
is a good used car
Elementary diploma to teach Davidson
Term 1939-40. For further
an iron
Sealed Tenders will be received by the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer up to and including Thursday, June 1st, 1939, for the erection of n new school building at Dunraven, Calumet Island. Plans and specifications prepared by the Department of Education, can he seen 13 at the office of the Secretary Treasurer. Building must be completed before August 20th, 1939. Lowest tender not necessarily accepted.
JAS. A CARSWELL,
Secretary Treasurer Box 60
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
JOHN C. HOWARD,
* Davidson, Que.
J. Li. HODGIN8
l
Phone 64-J.
108.
I
A very interesting feature of the Bill, is that it creates a value for the residue recovered from the treatment of metallic pyrites a sulphide of iron which contains 46 per cent, metallic iron. Heretofore, owing to the impurities which it contained, this residue has been discarded, and not used in the manufacture of steele. now been developed, by which impure iron can be refined economically either in (blast furnaces or electrically, and used in the manufacture of steele and iron.
Farm For Sale
/iz:ziz,zizizizizvz zviz
on
or any
DALE’S TINSHOP
A new process has
MRS. JAS. P. CARSON,
R R No. 2,
Shawville, Que.
Department of Public Works, Ottawa, May 2, 1939.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Phone 22 -23.
This waste product, as it was considered in the past, may prove, in the future, a base for a very profitable industry employing a large number of men and contributing to the wealth of Quebec in no small measure.
The Provincial Government with these facts in mind has therefore decided that this bounty will speed up the manufacture and refining of these ores.
BEATTY PUMPS



lit








,V.V>

* 1
znr>	1 ¦ \ > - -
1 his car doesn't expect to lead an easy life
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Amendments to Mining Act To Aid Prospectors
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
During the Session just ended, the Honourable Onésime Gagnon, Minister or Mines and Fisheries, introduced in the Legislative Assembly, amendments to the Quebec Mining Act. These have now received official sanction.
Amendments contained in Bill 29 will go a long way to meet the wishes of the prospectors and miners in the Province of Quebec. It will relieve the difficulties under which these men work, and will simplify and clarify certain requirements in the Mining Act. |
In the past, a holder could prospect and occupy mining land, but there was no provision for the shipment of :ire obtained during operations. It was felt that a number of small mineral deposits did not warrant the erection of an ore-treatment mill, but that if he could ship the ore extracted in the course of his development work, the holder of a development license would thereby obtain the necessary funds to continue develop- | ment operations. The amendments I now provide for this, and an amount | not exceeding three hundred tons may be extracted and shipped annually, upon obtaining permission from the proper authorities.
The Government, in one of the | amendments has met the wishes repeatedly Expressed by the prospectors, to allow them to obtain their metal tags with their miner’s certificate to be affixed at the time of staking. This is expected to avoid the expense of a « special trip to place the tags on the stakes and will avoid blanketing.
Perhaps the most welcome section of | the Bill will be the reduction, under I certain conditions of the annual rental fee. from fifty to twenty-five cents an This will mean a considerable

KR8&-:
'
j
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
1
a
#4
V
üiiisiaffiaaoBiaia-aa ssssaEsmKsr
sis-
m

M
a
M
I
ESTABLISHED 1888



INVALID
COACH
I
m

(

QB3R33. HYNES & SON

Directors of Panerai Service
ShawviMe, Que.

AY##






<
Phone 80

19S9 Ford V-8 De Luxe Tudob
This 1939 Ford V-8 will have a long, strenuous life over every type of road, yet it's prepared for hardships. It has had the benefit of all the accumulated Ford experience at building millions of cars—the benefit of every modern test for detecting unsoundness flaw. We spend money to make sure your Ford V-8 will give you years of satisfactory service. We take pride in building the Ford V-8 and we want you to get a lot of satisfaction out of owning it. See your Ford Dealer for a trial drive. ,	•
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE FORD V-S
Hydraulic Brake*
. Stabilized Chassis • Scientific Soundproofing • Low Prices
Beattie’s Eye Service
#
or
Thirty.five years of successful Optical Practice
should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye
#
Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
acre.
saving to the holders of development licenses and will undoubtedly encourage a greater amount of prospecting in the Province.
Canada Need» More Preachers
Toronto, May 12 —Agriculture Minister Dewan told the graduating class of the Ontario Veterinary College of Guelph here tonight that “preachers” were needed to tell of the merits and advantages of Canada as compared with other countries.
Observing that successful business men were “in a degree venturesome” and that the graduates should have an .objective as they go out into business, Mr. Dewan said.
“Someone will say it is all very well to talk, but we are entering upon our careers in times of economic stress, j
Triple-Cushioned
V-Type 8-Cylinder Engine
Comfort Ml
Scientific Eye Examinationr
NEW FORD V-8
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; lar
Eye Defects
FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF CANADA, LIMITED: FORD, MERCURY,
LINCOLN-ZEPHYR AND LINCOLN MOTOR CARS
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometris I.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
\>ra



» -1

###PAGE###5###
in the House of Commons.	Little Girl Killed in
- The bill to encourage the co-operative | fall OK Tractor marketing of wheat has been passed in both Commons and Senate.
Agriculture Minister Gardiner's bill to assist agriculture on the Prairie Provinces by providing an acreage bonus on wheat has passed the Commons and Upper House.
^	Both Commons and Upper House
W©	Join With vanaaa	'	S	have approved the measure providing
.	B	for the co-operative marketing of all
ill Welcoming:	E	agricultural products other than wheat
*	Tkaln MoIasHaqE	01 Both Houses of Parliament, likewise
1 Heir IvlttJ©SLl©S	H have approved the measure providing
— - e	.	B for a bonus of two cents per pound on
George and Queen Elizabeth g hite.ffXeteL. .. ».
%	E Commons to the bill giving the Depart,	D O	*r%A ÇLfsiff BI ment of Agriculture greater control in
Ite wt # Caues anil witlll Bltheadmiostration of livestock yards.
The Commons and Senate have pass* ed the bill amending the Canadian Grain Act providing for control over trading of futures on the Winnipeg Grain Exchange
The Equity
0
Falling from a tractor on which she was riding, little Mary Crosier, three-year old daughter of Mr. artd Mrs Harvey Crozier, resident near Hendersons Crossing, about four miles west of Renfrew, was instantly killed when struck by part of the moving machine, Wednesday forenoon, May 10th. The little girl with an older brother were riding on the tractor with their father, when, it is believed, she became drowsy and toppled from the machine. Before the tractor could be stopped she was fatally injured about the head.
This Is the second misfortune to visit the Crozier home within a year. Bertie, the young brother, who was on the machine with his sister at the time of the accident, was kicked on the head by a horse last fall, and has lost his hearing as result of his injury.
Besides her parents and brother, Bertie, there is also an infant brother left to mourn.—Cobden Sun.
established IISI
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
ami

i WRITE NOW
a a
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
tl 50
e #
... 2.00
¦••inn
ioG
i
must be paid In full Is discontinued
AU arrears before any paper
¦rd Tlte-Lap”
King
man ont investi
ES*
r«#
w. 0.0 0WAN. PUBLISHER
SOLO ON A 25 YEAR GUARANTEE
New Floor Coverings
Roy 6. Fraser
Eastern Steel Products
J r mit ni
Novelties
Gifts,
Flowers,
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
For Spring of 1939
RENFREW, ONT.
¦o* «86
Phone 160
Shaw ville, May 3, 1939
Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present Chairman Hod gins, end Commissioners Wilson, Walsh and
Argue.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comr Argue.
The resignation of Miss Lois H teacher on this Board to take effect June 30th, 1939, was presented and was accepted on motion of Comr Walsh.
Motion by Comr A. F. Pokes, be appointed Examiner, and Rev. T. E. R. Nurse as Deputy Examiner, for the June Examinations. —Carried.
Motion by Comr Argue, that Wednesday, May 17tb, be a School Holiday, in order that the Teachers and their Pupils may have an opportunity of seeing Their Majesties the King and Queen if they so desire.—Carried.
The following bills were presented for
¦¦¦¦j
Geo McLeod................
Longmans Green & Co.......
Ryerson Press ............
J. M. Dent & Sons..........
Tbos Nelson & Son..........
Clarke Irwin Co...... «....
Moyer Sebool Supplies......
8. J. Reginald Saunders----
Wm. Collins & Sons.........
John C. Winston Co.........
M usson Book Co.........
McClelland Stewart . ...
Black ie k Son ...........
MacMillan Co..............
J. B. Lippincott...........
W. J. Gage & Co..........
Upper Canada Book Society
Ginn & Co..................
Copp Clark Co .............
R Wallace Burry............
W< A. Hodgina..............
Harry Belsher.............
hWilsoo% Garage $	.......
>H. R Rennick ..........
W. R Bee
|low on display in our Furniture Parlor
“We’ll tell the world we’ve got the patterns”
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect f&.OO or over,phene us collect
and we shall prepay.
In Memopiams
On
orner,
The largest assortment of floor coverings ever shown in our Furniture Department.
In loving memory of our dear husband and father, J. A. Sinclair, who died May 19th, 1935.
Dear loved ones who have gone before us Wait for us there,
And in their bliss we’ll share,
Then full of faith we’ll lay our sorows at Jesus’ feet ;
And in a bright and heavenly morrow, Loved ones the saved ones meet.
Sadly missed by.
Wife and Family.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
On orders of
Wilson, that Rev
Gold Seal Congoleum Rugs and Congoleum by the Yard
Phoa* anytime between 7 e.
and 11 P ne
Barry and Staines
Vel-Felt Rugs
Rock felt by the Yard Linoleum, Baroleum, Oilcloth, etc
We would like our customers to feel free to visit our Furniture Parlor “Second Floor”
any time.
Just walk upstairs and look around
You will find many articles of furniture and house furnishing that, heretofore have not been available for purchase in Shaw
ville.	v
The invitation applies to our new Boot and Shoe Department where you will find the very latest Spring Styles in Women’s Girls’, Men’s and Boys’ footwear.

*3
SHAWVILLE - QUE

t a
1
$ 4 67
u .
; t
2 30
>
10 76
Reductions on
Memorials
4 09
Shawville Bakery
no 4i
14	08
15	90
5 16
in
2 55
6 43
Marble and Granite
4 00
»
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
i
52
i
15 69 12 49

It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
1 44
6 48
48
5 00
4
10 67
Phone 89
4 80
24 80
5 00
50
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
10 50 185 00
kett	I
Motion* by Comr Wilson, that these bills be paid.—Carried.
Motion by Com. Wilson to adjourn, —Carried.
New Tip Top Tailors Samples
For Spring and Summer of 1939
aifd get a real Tailor Made Suit
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Leave your measure
Service Announcement
GROCERY SPECIALS
Clark's Soups, all varieties, 3 tins...
Grape L	,	,
Peter Pan Catsup, 12 ounce bottle....
Good Quality Vanilla Extract, pint bottle 35
Soap Flakes, pounds..............;...;.. “
McCormick’s Puffed Wheat, double size pkg. 10
Old Hickory Smoked Salt, 10 lb tube and smokes 125 pounds pork........
Shawville United Church Rkv, A. F. Forks B. A, B.D. Pastor
Sunday, May 21
11 00a. m —Service at Shawville.
1.00 p in.—Service at Zion 3 00 p. m.—Service at Stark’s Corners. 7.30 p. tu.—Service at Shawville
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
23 cts.
Fruit Juice, 20 ounce cans, 2 cans 25	“
10
it


Phone. 278

i
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
cures
Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG'S ALBS, B. D
$1.00
##*#*###
• Sunday, May 21
St. Andrew’s Sunday School, 10.00 a. m fa Andrew’s Knox Austin
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next FaH. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg â Poultry Association BRISTOL, OUB •
Service Service Service Sunday School
11.00 a m 2 30 p m 7.30 p.m 10.30 a m
MacLean’s

Next Sunday is National Day of Worship. • Renew your pledge of loyalty to Throne and Empire. Sermon Subject : “The King’s Majesty.”
RED & WHITE STORE
»
*
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. 0. Newman, M.A.,B.D
Sunday, May 21
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School.at Wesiey
11.00	a. m.—Sei vice at Wesley
2.30	p. m.—Service at Bristol 10.30 a. m.—Sunday School at Yarm
I
7.30	p. m.—Service at Yarm
Bulletion from the Mutual Improvement Class
J/iVY/
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
I
The Author of this class, has made a special study of the Bible for six years.	M v!
The class will take up the subject of Church, State and our Educational System.
The class will leave an open platform for criticism and debate. All subjects taken np in this class will be arbitrated by the Bible.
a JAMES RILEY,
Shawville, Que.
Sales & Service
main street
SHAWVILLE. QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils -
General Repairs
We Welcome
Our King and Queen
On Their First Visit to Our Dominion, May They Receive A Welcome That Will Be A Lasting Friendship Through Their Many Years of Reigning
Over Us.
ANGLICAN'
St. Paul’s Sunday, May 21
10.00	a. m — Sunday School.
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
3.00 p.m —Evening Prayer
St. Luki’s Seivice Withdrawn
on
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
76 cents
For Two Pound Tin
The Same Reliable Service
Wilson's Garage
Bille Affecting Agriculture
Phone 40
Fur Pelts Wanted
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS K HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer Shawville • Que.
THE CORNER STORE
Seven measures affecting Canadian wheat prodLjots and farmers generally well advanced in Parliament last k. One, which amends the Canada Wheat Board Act by raising the peg ged price of wheat from <50 to 70 cents a bushel, is now awaiting third reading
Parish of North Clarindon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
10 30 a ro. Greermount, Morning Prayer . 8.30 p.m.—Th«»rne U. Evening Prayer
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Mein and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE.
was
QUE.
Phone 43

###PAGE###6###
T

v. '
1
=
Dont Spread Y our Charm Too Thinly
¦
Very finest Quality

n


VV •>$*

Pleasing Everyone Usually Ends Up With Pleasing No One


*\
§§§
à



.......

Woman’s charm can be like the filling of sandwiches. Spread so thinly that It Isn't slightly tempting to anyone with a real appetite, writes Ruth MUlett.
You know that kind of woman-dozens of her, perhaps. A woman who sets out to be charming with a capital "C", to please all comers, and who goes . about spreading sweetness and light.
You know her, for she is always smiling. Always delighted to see you, though you have a feeling that everything you say goes in one ear —and out a smile.
She talks to you with a pleasant set expression on her face, but keeps her eye out for someone else to draw Into the circle of her charm.

CHILDREN erijoy crisp, golden-brown Shredded W Wheat because It’s 100% whole wheat It's 1 satisfying nourishment, delicious, convenient and | economical tool Four favored food value features J that
34

please the famll^and help the homemaker. >8 package, every oiÿ, witîi mffic or cream.


F
*
I
HOLDUP HONEYMOON



I
SHREDDED WHEAT
I2bigblscults\
in every box
SH
1
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1936.NEA Service Inc.


CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANDHAM—hero; he thought he was on top of the world-until he smacked Into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smasked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere. too. but affairs somehow got mixed up.
were driving, it would have been a jigsaw puzzle/'

“All right, all right," Joe said wearily. “What happened next?"
“Well, I got ont and waited for you to get out. But you didn't get."
lltWH
Without Discrimination
You are never quite at ease with her, for her personality is all sweetness, with no solid foundation of truth.
Her compliments are so frequent that they have no meaning Her pleasure at seeing you Is meaningless once you have learned that it is lavished on everyone, without discrimination.
She has spread herself so thinly, pleasing everyone, that her charm is too skimpy for the person who likes “people".
“Didn’t 1? Sorry I forgot my manners."
“You couldn't move," Kelly explained. “You must have cracked your head against the windshield when we hit. I thought you were dead."
OF CANADIAN WHEAT
- MADE IN CANADA
And then, all at once, they did —in a big way.
It had happened about midnight, he thought. A sharp dark curve in a lonely country road. A sudden roar, a blinding Hash of light. The banshee-like screech of brakes, applied frantically. Then a sickening thud, and nothingness.
“Ha!" he said. “I've got it. I was in a smash-up last night."
Kelly nodded. “Correct. So was I."
“Then you," said Joe, “were the one who hit me?"
“I beg your pardon, Mr. Bones. You hit me."
“Like the devil I did. It was all your fault. You came around that corner going 80 per an ... ”
“Like the devil you didn't. You were ’way over on the left-hand side of the road picking daisies or something. And I wasn't going 80. More like a mid-Victorian 40. And let me tell you something else, Mr. Joseph Sandham. If I hadn't put on my brakes like that" he snapped her fingers—“you would have waked up in either a hospital or a morgue this morning. And as for that truck thing you
jacket top, but more often separate and wide.
scald. Beat lightly egg yolks. Add sugar and salt, then stir into milk in double boiler, stirring constantly until custard just coats the spoon. Flavor with vanilla whei cool.
Of Interest
to Women
•
. Readers .
She Wasn't Hurt
“It isn’t your fault that I'm
The very circular swing skirt in patern with plain top (of the full-gathered, patterned skirt) is also a very popular type, especially with long sleeves for top and stripes for the skirt.
Irish lace is returning to style for use in the popular lingerie blouses.
not."
Kelly's green-blue eyes clouded. “You're an ungrateful brute. After all the trouble I went to last night on your behalf."
“You might," said Joe, “tell me what you did."
“Well, to begin with, I moved you out of the driver's seat and you were heavy as lead. Then I got in and drove that truck thing, with you in it, over here."
“What about your own car?"
She shook her head. “Wouldn’t start again. Something smashed, I guess."
Mr. Sandham suddenly recalled something about common decency.
“But weren't you hurt at alj?" he inquired.
Kelly looked at him sardonic-
Fashion Flashes
Looking Pleasant
Improves Looks
Bridal gowns include pastel ping as substitute for traditional white.
Whatever the shape and size of your mouth may be, remember that turned down corners detract from y our appearance. Don't let the corners of your mouth droop and sag. You don't want to wear a perpetual grin but neither should you assume a down-trodden, hangdog expression so much of the time that eventually your mouth will just stay down at the corners.
Being good natured and looking it is an important requisite for attractiveness.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Multicolor chiffon prints in subdued tones are good in redingote costumes.
M other s-in-La w
SPRING MEANS RHUBARB
Now, that housecleaning is the order or the disorder of the household and re-arrangement is the result, why not try your tactics on the Menu as well as on the dining room furniture? Also these spring days, when everyone should be I taking an inventory of the vitamin list and thus helping waylay symptoms of “Spring Fever,” the springing of surprises with a new dessert is a healthful form of exercise to score popularity for the cook of the family. The follow.
• ing recipes present the opportunity for using those delicious spring fruits just bubbling over with vitamins and so refreshing, which places them in an exotic position.
RHUBARB MERINGUE PIE
8 stalks rhubarb 1% cups sugar % cup water
Line pie pan with plain pastry, cut rhubarb in uniform cubes to fill pan, sprinkle with flour until each piece is well dredged; then add sugar and water. Lessen the water if rhubarb is of the overly jury type. Bake slowly. When done cover with meringue.
MERINGUUE
For sports, the patterned-shirt and plain-skirt fashion is extremely good in innumerable classic materials, with stripes, checks or dots in the tops.
The main topic at the Child Welfare league meeting in New York recently was mothers-in-law when its members were asked the question: “Do you love your mother-in-law?” Of the 49,272 husbands and wives present, 92 per cent, of the wives said “yes”; 61 per cent, of the husbands said “no.”
The tricolor costume is also outstanding—belt, skirt, and shirt each in a different color, some* times belt attached to windbreaker
ally.
been wondering," she said, “when there was going to be h bit of kindly solicitude regarding little me. No, Your Honor, I wasn't hurt. Only scared silly.”
Joe leaned back on his pillow.
"I'm glad,” he said.
“Glad I was scared silly?”
“Don't be stupid. Glad weren't hurt. My car wasn't entirely sunk then?”
“No. It got its face pushed in a little, but it still runs.”
Mention of his car brought another fact about himself back to Joe. For two years he had been employed by the long-established and respectable firm of Chandler & Sandham, Chocolates, Caramels, Bonbons and Confections, learning the business from the ground up. At the moment he was serving in the capacity of salesman for the New England territory. Hence the car, a Ford built along the general lines of a good-sized truck. There was a decently upholstered front seat and in the commodious dark lurked quantities of chocolates, caramels, bonbons and confections, all waving under the proud banner of Chandler & Sandham.
“I don’t understand,” he said now, “why you brought me here? Why didn’t you just toss me into a hospital?’’
“I've
Canadian Ship Is Bringing Their Majesties To Canada
Lingerie Prettiness In Blouses
you
i
&
\
a
Ù
Li-jr Jbkt!

WA

//
* m**

V »


I


v
V

'/

z







*

The 21,000-ton R.M.S. Empress of Australia, of the Canadian Pacific Steamships’ fleet, is the ship aboard which King George VI and Queen Elizabeth are travelling to Canada, following a decision to keep the battle-cruiser Repulse in Europe. The white-painted three-funnelled liner khich brought the Prince of Wales to Canada in 1927 has been service on both Pacific and Atlantic oceans and was the “heroine-ship” of the earthquake at Yokohama in 1928. Their Majesties will arrive at Que bet aboard the Empress of Australia on May 15.
%
3 egg whites 3 tablespoons sugar
3	tablespoons cornstarch
Beat eggs stiff. Add sugar and cornstarch. Beat again blending well. Add to pie. Spread evenly. Return to oven. Brown lightly.
RHUBARB DELIGHT
4	cups rhubarb
2	cups granulated sugar
1 package (pint)' plain gelatine
3	egg whites
Wash and prepare rhubarb cutting in cubes. Place in double boiler with no water. Steam until tender. Moisten the gelatine in % cup cold water. Add two cups boiling water, two cups water, and juice of one lemon. Strain and chill.| When just commencing to thicken, beat with dover beater until foamy. Chill again. Prepare whites of three eggs, beaten stiffly, then beat original mixture. Fold in whites. Chill until set. Serve with boiled custard. Serves
ON
EVERY TIN

txclusive to
'1
recess behind
R#j
4
z
3
i

a chump not to have perceived it right at the start. She had everything it takes and enough left over for a rainy day. And he, Joseph Sandham, was nuts about her. Completely nuts. Knocked for a loop in the first few minutes of play. Yes, realized Mr. Sandham, he was all wrapped up, tied with red ribbon and labeled "Property of Misa Kelly Archer." And unless he could steer her into a church ere many moons were passed, life was going to be a total flop. And here she sat calmly informing him that she intended to marry some wen named Gilbert.
“Hey!" he shouted. “Say that again."
at once a cleansing cream, a foundation base for powder and a skin food.
i
I
i> lx
m

If you already have wrinkles, here are some specific hints: Around the eyes and on the tempI les, take a dab of three-purpose I cream and pat it very gently In with the finger-tips, working out-I wards.
I Wrinkles on the brow need more I vigorous massage. Smooth a course I with the finger-tips along the lines I of the wrinkles, from the centre I of the brow to the temples. Do this Infrequently during the day. At I night, masage with cream.
If you have any personal beauty ’I problems, write to me for confi-I dentlal advice. Detailed leaflets on | the following subjects are available | for 3c stamp each: Face, Hair,
| Eyes, Hands, Feet, Bust, Reduc-| ing in Spots, Underweight, Slim-| ming, Superfluous Hair.
| Please write direct to: Miss Bar-| bara Lynn, 73 West Adelaide St.,
I Room 421, Toronto, Ont.
& %
m
a

fii
R§
The Third Degree
Kelly looked at him, speculated for a moment on the fact that he had curly dark hair and eyes a nice shade of gray, then said: “Of course, hospitals are sprinkled all over the place, aren't they? Like hot dog stands and filling stations? It was easier to bring you here, that's all. You see, the crack-up happened only a couple of miles away and I knew Uncle Tyler was in Europe. Besides, I wanted to avoid any—er—publicity."
“That's the old Garbo fight," said Joe. “I shun publicity myself. Live quietly and expensively, is my motto. But where were you going in such a rush?"
Kelly sighed. “Questions. Nothing but questions. What is this, the third degree?"
“Well, you’re the girl knows all the answers. And I've been out with the birdies for the Lord knows how long. Come on, lady. Was there a fire in Boston?"
“If you've got to know, I was my way to Boston. Cambridge, rather."
NO APPETITE?
Out of Sorts?
Vs
VOU cannot light the battles of life and hold your own if you do not feel, well and “peppy.” If yoff feel weak and tire easily, take Dr. Pierce's Uolden Medical Discovery. It stimulates the appetite

¦ *

2722
SIZES * - 42
V
six.
(To Be Continued)
BOILED CUSTARD
2 cups milk 4 eggs % cup sugar % teaspoon salt Place milk in double boiler and
•ad lends to Improve the doe. Clinton. Oei.,
digeeiion. Bert Clid-¦ couldn't sleep el

wet
night, became all out of
By LOUISE LENNOX
You just can't afford to be without several lingerie blouses this season. Besides being full of old fashioned charm to make you look as pretty as a picture, they give such an immaculate appearance. You'll wear them with your suit to town ... for luncheon ^ . . bridge . . . tea. Plain or embroidered crisp white organdie is exquisitely lovely with a touch of Valenciennes lace. Sheer white batiste is another, dainty cotton that’s particularly smart with eyelet-embroidered batiste for collar and jabot. Splurge a smadt tailored shirt blouse of striped rayon sheer for a splash of color! Both models are made with the same pattern! Style No. 2722 is designed for sizes 14. 16, 18, 20 years, 32, 84, 36, 38, 40 and 42-inches bust. Size 36 requires 2% yards of 39-inch material with 2 yards of ruffling for lingerie blouse; and 2 yards of 39-inch material for shirt blouse.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c> (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise I.ennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style
kafag
M ver7 «PUIIy. I «tarteS taking i Golden Medical Discovery and It sharpened my appetite and helped me la every 1	‘ Tiens pounds in weight end felt
M good as ever.'* Buy it In liquid or tablets from your druggist today
Dr. Piarca'a
The Secrets Good Looks
Your Household Problems
Have yÿu fussy eatera in your family ? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
Two Trends Noted In New Handbags
that
COLEMAN HOT PLATES DO BIG-STOVE JOBS
h
NEW YORK.—Only two trends are dominant in the way of handbags—namely the ones that are worn over-thê-shouider fashion— and the market-basket bag which,, only recently has come to be important. These last are» definitely charming for ladies-of-leisure. We hesitate to recommend them for career girls however, because they might be a little impractical in crowded subways, trams, and so forth. But, for Sunday-afternoon strolling or for tea and garden parties where no one asks anything more of you than that you own sweet self-of-a-woman, they are suggested, wholeheartedly. They are adorable in natural colored straw with velvet ribbon bound hand I'	... And those that
have their covers Kdcn with field flower* have nothi.ig Icc* than a picture-beck air.	T * .

Make and Bara Own Gas,.
I Giveelty-HkeggeBooking aorvte# anywhere. Light inatan
Wtv.
on
No
Week. No pigea, trees? wteke. Oat
“Not a rendezvous with gent from Fair Harvard ?
She nodded. “Sort of."
“What do you mean, sort of?”
“Well," said Kelly, "I was on my way to meet Gilbert."
“Gilbert, eh? Who’s Gilbert, for Pete’s sake?"
“Gilbert Mallow.
connections or
in some
tt i

end two-burner models. See
CHASE THOSE WRINKLES1
So many women defer proper skin care until wrinkles appear when, of course, it is so much more difficult to repair the damage. The best way to avoid wrinkles is to begin early, taking regular care of the akin. Don't make it a grim teetb-grlndtng matter! Just a few minutes each day patting In a good cream.
These simple rules will help you to ward off aging lines; first, wash regularly with gentle palmollve soap. Follow with a cold rinse. Secondly. make It a dally habit to give yourself the “six-minute makeup treatment" with the aid of the new Three Purpose cream that fa
1er
or write.

How Women in Their 40’s Can Attract Men
You know, the man I’m going to marry."
Despite the riveting operations that were going on in his head, Mr. Joseph Sandham bounced to a sitting position. For some minutes now a great truth had been slowly dawning upon him. With Kelly's words It crystallized In his brain. This red headed girl with the trick eyes was a cold knockout. He was
Here • good ad vie» tor • woman during her < hang* (usually from SI to tt), who fear a low
in
bar ipp«al to men, who t"« of pen. dits
Ju«t get more fresh air, 8 hre. a you ii'-ed a reliable "WOMAN'S” I.vdia E	r
i
took take
r.o-r.ee
K
hulld -M* phyairal resilience, thua Clps give vivacity to enjoy life and aariet caiman-1 thorn
Issue No. 19
’39
tog jittery nervt that often
urbingsvmp-mpany change of life. LL WORTH trying.

ttakham'a to WE
B

wm
###PAGE###7###


Solid beds of annuals or big blocks in borders have exceptional appeal and these can be made up of petunias, phlox, dwarf marigolds, nasturtiums, verbenas or zinnias#
snapdragons, cosmos, zinnias, lupins, African marigolds, scabious, •stars, single and double, verbena d aalpigloesie. l'or scent, especially in the even-tag, a few nicotine, carnations, mignonette or stocks will perfume the whole garden.
Duke end Duchés* of Kent En Route To Australia
GARDENING
Sunday
School
Lesson
"9
m
GIVE PLENTY OF ROOM
In planting flower or vegetable seed It Is Important to allow p^nty of room because even the en mue-last does not care to spend much time kneeling and thinning. Labor can be saved by properly spacing the seed as planted. Corn, Beets, peas and similar plants with big seeds can easily be sown at the distances advocated on the packet. With tiny seeded lettuce or alye-sum, however, It Is practically Impossible to space by hand, but if the seed Is first mixed with a little sand and the whole sown carefully, plants will be spread out.
wm


BtC
à

3
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON VII
PAUL EVANGELIZES A PROVINCE

tM,
Acte 18»IS—20:38; Ephesians 2. Printed Text—Acts 19:1,	8-10;
20:17-21; Ephesians 2:19-22 Golden Text—But no'7 in Christ Jesus ye that once were far off are made nigh in the blood of Christ Eph. 2:18.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING ¦peiPaurs first visit in Ephesus was toward the end of his second missionary journey, about A.D. 64. His longer visit there extended from A.D. 65 to A.D. 68. The epistle to the Ephesians was written about A.D 61.
Place.—Ephesus was located on the river Caystcr, about midway the western shore of Asia Minor; Miletus was twenty-eight miles south of Ephesus.
19:1. And it came to pass, that, while Apollo: was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper country came to Ephesus, and found certain disciples. Petting out again from Antioch, “the apostle's journey was most likely . through Lycaonia, Galatia, and Phrygia which he had visited before.” Here he found certain disciples who like A polios were to a certain extent instructed concerning Jesus, and what they already knew drew them to listen to St. Paul who could teach them more.
19:8. And he entered into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, reasoning and percuading as to • the things concerning the kingdom of God. Paul confined himself pur. ing and persuading as to the message that he had from God, concerning the things of God, pressing home the claims of God and the gospel of God to the hearts of men Paul did not talk about the empire of Home, but abouti the kingdom of God.
' 9. But when some were hardened and disobedient, speaking evil 1 of the Way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, reasoning daily in the school of Tyrannus. Note here particularly thr.t a hardened heart Is sppken of as a “disobedient" heart: disobedience will in its turn make the heart harder than before. One Inevitably results in the other. x Two Years In Ephesus
10. And this continued for the space of two years; so that all they that dwelt m Asia heard the word of the Lord, both Jews and Greeks. After Paul's visit in Ephesus had continued for something more than two years he expressed hla desire to return to Jerusalem, and then to go on to Rome, the capital of the great Roman Empire, which he knew must be captured for Christ if the empire itself was to be brought into subjection to the gospel of the grace of Goo. While Paul was debating this matter in his mind, arranging his affairs in Asia, and strengthening the churches thereabout, a great uprising took place in Ephesus against these new-born Christians and their gospel.
Paul goes over his Macedonian field, which just means that he via- , Ited again Phillippi, Thessalonica, and Beroea, exhorting and encouraging the saints.
The year is now A.D. 68. Being diverted from his original purpose, he went back through Macedonia.	^ u
17. And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called to him the elders of the church. 18. And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye yourselves know, from the first day that I set foot in Asia, after what manner I was with you all the time, 19. serving the Lord with all lowliness of mind and with tears, and with trials •* which befell me by the plots of the Jews. Paul was a man of deepest emotion along with his high Intellectually.	I
Farewell Te The Eider.
.. 20. How I shrank not from declaring unto ”you anything that was profitable, and teaching you publicly, and from house to house,
21. testifying both to Jews and to Greeks repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ. It is worth noting that [ this greatest of preachers preach- ! ed from house to house.
Eph. 2:1-22. In this chapter | Paul speaks about three thin wb.it men are before they become Christians, what men are and what men have when they become Christiana, and what alj men and women who are Christians will be, j according to the eternal purposes ef God.
9
o

IN EACH OP ITS TRjPS AROUND THE




mi
TRAVELS A DISTANCE OP
A ‘V
GARDEN PICTURES
Although the Informal flower garden Is much to be preferred for average planting, at the same time this does not mean just throwing in plants. Experts advise a little preliminary planning even when only a small bed of annuals is contemplated. • The good seed catalogue which lists time of blooming, colors, heights and other points greatly simplifies this matter of lay out.
Generally the best plan Is to have the larger flowers towards the rear or centre of the bed so that little things like nasturtiums, alyseum, dwarf phlot and similar Ôliéè^flll not be hidden. Where the bed Is to be mixed, it is well also state the experts, to have late, medium and early flowers evenly balanced to insure something always in bloom.
If a supply of cut flowers Is wanted for the table, blooms with long stems that will keep well In water are advisable. Then horticultural authorities urge the planting of such things as sweet peas,
Time.

i j

O/VE- AMO
\

#. jimMU
OA/E- HAL.R


à
/W/Z.Z./OAZ
/W/Z.ES.

m
§



##




-1
on


?
(rX




'

I


/• /

0*

;.X

Mr
9



¦Rê^xmi6:.*tmàk
m#

••
m

£?' a *;
The Duke and Duchess of Kent, RIGHT, were greeted by British Ambassador Sir Eric Phipps, LEFT, and Lady Phipps..** the Duke and Duchess arrived at Le Bourget airport for a short visit in Paris, while en route to Australia, where the Duke will assume his duties as Governor-General.
/:
p
>
CHR.VSAUOS OF SILK-MOÆ*1 MOTHS ARE

fAPfR'S
AAUZZLE
IS TOO LONG
Never Too Late
HAS BEEN WOUND FROM THE SURROUNDING COCOONS.
ven, “heirs of God, and joint-heirs .with Jesus Christ” (Rom. 8:17).
20. Being built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Christ Jesus himself being the chief corner stone. 21. In whom each several building, fitly framed together, groweth into a holy temple in the Lord; 22. in whom ye also are builded together for a habitation of God in the Spirit. A building assumes that there is a plan and an architect who has drawn the plan. The building of which you and I are part has been drawn by God himself, and will be completed according to his own purposes. The building is not complete to-day. It is still under construction. Ultimately the entire church, composed of all the saints of all the ages, will be truly a holy temple, “for a habitation of God in the Spirit.” The crowning thought, for the soul which loves God, is this, thct we shall be his abode; he shall somehow find his home, his shrine, his throne, jp our happy congregated building.
Mrs. Mary Jane Bourne, and Mrs. Emily Wilkinson, of Womb-well, England, lived as neighbors for 60 years before they djecov-ered they were cousins.

\
a nose:
AND TOO SHORT
S3

;X'\VWX
% +
>11
»
n«
7

a nRUNK.

? 10
OF COURSE the moon actually travels a great deal iarthei than IM length of its path around the earth, foi the earth is constantly on the move, not only going around the sun, but also being dragged along through space by the sun
NEXT: Do horses get flat feet?
NOTES
RADIO
NEWS
AND
MADGE ARCHER »
Blind Author
EMPIRE DAY MESSAGE
An Empire Day message spoken by His Majesty the King from Winnipeg on May 24th at 3 p.m. and relayed to the British Commonwealth of Nations by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, will mark the climax of the forthcoming visit of Their Majesties to Canada.
At 2.30 p.m. on that date the CBC will signal the British Empire from Winnipeg, a geographical centre, and from the four corners ot the great Commonwealth loyal subjects of His Majesty will be heard greeting the Monarch. A half hour later the King will re-
Hook - up of Empire
Australia will send their message from Sidney through an officer of the Medical Aviation Service and New Zealand will greet Their Majesties through a fourteen-year-old school girl living In Wellington. A native Maorian, a student of the University of New Zealand will speak for his people.
Tbe Canadian Broadcasting Corporation will next hook-up with the Indian Empire and one of the world's greatest poets, Rabindranath Tagore, will send the » homage of his people.
Returning to this continent, Sir William Morrison will be heard from Jamaica, West Indies. Newfoundland's message will be delivered by a lawyer from St. John's.
Again the CBC will cross the Atlantic Ocean and a school teacher will speak for Scotland, a linen weaver for Ireland and a miner for
Answer to Previous Puzsle
of the ear. 16 She is also famous as*
HORIZONTAL 1, 5 Unustiai deaf and blind woman.
10	Smell. '
11	French

gmnQBBBeHngasBH
DD
¦MlE tiailT ! I SIT
B
a
ana HHSHsnn sna
BO H3F3 H HBffl HC
19 Vagrants.
21 Blessed.
i-M- Ml Mini rr r^r~n 23 Ascended. [NfllU: ¦(ftAKLL J [°MM 26 English coin.
¦5, Q X|i\ifi/riiQl^4^lU 27 Note in scale. ITl IIlIEIl/IualIDIMOL 28 Babylonian
deity.
29	Lava.
30	Mooley apple. 34 Branched.
36 To move
measure.
12 Do not.
14 Slaves.
16	Humor.
17	South America.
18	Suitable.
20	Musical note.
21	To exist.
22	God of war. 24 Grain.
23	To separate from others.
20 Family of bees.
31	Networks.
32	East Indian disease.
83 To rub out. 35 To arrogate.
37	Sun god.
38	Snare.
41 Verse.
43 Electric
n BDHBBn
OB
E A
00
I
R I

R
How Can I?
ûFBBSfl
uwuinHciramnra ¦ anati
BY ANNE ASH' EY
ply.
as a public
46	Ocean.
47	Being.
48	Afternoon.
48 *°™nt	1 Stop!
garment. 2 Whirlpools.
51 Cut of meat. 3 Booty.
53 Fold of thread 4 Sea eagle.
55 Enemy of the 5 Osculating.
6	Gibbon.
7	To sail nearer
58	To wait upon the wind.
59	Mrs. Anne» 8 Flag.
9 Musical note.
13 Playhouses.
15 Tympanic
60	She is known membranes
Q.—How can I prepare Melba toast?
A.—Melba toast is made merely by slicing sandwich bread thin, cutting off the edges, and placing in the oven to brown.
Q.—How can I remove stains from my fingers?
A.—Use a little powdered pumice mixed witL a few drops of olive oil. Use in orange stick wrapped with cotton to apply the paste under the finger nails.
Q.—How can I prevent the sewing machine needle from unthreading when the cloth if being removed from the machine?
A.—Raise the needle to the highest point and this will prevent the needle from unthreading.
Q.—How can I make delicious deviled eggs?
A.—The following is a good recipe: One tablespoon mustard, M teaspoon salt, % tablespoon butter, 6 eggs hard cooked. Cut the eggs in halves, mash the yolks, season with salt, mustard and add % tablespoon melted butter. Fill the egg whites.
Q.—How can I stop the squeaking of shoes?
A.—Place black shoes in a basin and pour in enough linseed oil to cover the soles. Let them stand until the following morning and the squeak will disappear.
Q.—How can I clean window shades that are not washable?
A.—Window shades that are not washable can be freshened nicely by rubbing with common table salt.
Greetings From All Canada
away.
39	Bronze.
40	Father.
41	Peruses.
42	Writing fluid. 45 Large toad.
48	Pig’s meat..
49	To make lace
50	Part of a circle.
52	Half, an em.
53	Meadow.
54	By.
56 Sound of pleasure.
58 Southeast.
Prom Winnipeg, Canada will first call upon a Lunenburg fisherman on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean. He will assure the King of the great welcome he will get when he visits Lunenburg in June. From Nova Scotia the CBC will turn to Quebec, and the world will hear a descendant of one of the oldest families in the Province greet the King in the name of the people of Quebec. In Toronto, an elevator boy will be heard speaking from the Bank of Commerce Building, the tallest In the Empire. In Saskatoon, a farmer's wife will speak for Saskatchewan from the living room of her prairie home.
VERTICAL
Wales. The greetings of the British Isles will be conveyed by a boy serving on H. M. Training Ship “Conway.” This will conclude the vast tour of the Empire conducted by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
TO BE HEARD:—May 12, 11.45 a m. NBC, CBC—Dr. William L. Stldger s “Getting the Most Out of Uftft*
gods.
57 Finish.
Macy was her friend
unit.
And
44 Mother.
I
4
7.40 p.m. NBC—Metropolitan Opera In Wagner's “Dusk of the Gods” *
Boxing Match between Solly Krieg-er and Billy Conn p.m. NBC—Frog Jumping Contest 11 p.m. NBC—Annual Cotton Carnival from Memphis. Tenn.
May 14,	8 p.m. NBC—Summer
Symphony Concerts NBC (Red)—Charlie McCarthy and the Chase and Sanborn Houfgg May 15, 10 a m. CBC—The King and Queen land in Canada
1.45	p.m. CBC—The King Speaks May 16, 8 p.m. CBS—Edward
O. Robinson in “Big Town”
8.30 p.m. NBC—Information Please
___ 9 p.m. CBS—We, The People
May 17, 8 p.m. NBC—One Man's Family.
Theatre Guild of the Air 18, 7 p.m. NBC—District Attorney ... 8 p.m. CBS—Kate Smith
2.45	p.m. CBC—The King Unveils the National War Memorial.


I
10 p.m. NBC—
* A transport pilot who files passengers and supplies into the far North will broadcast his message from Edmonton, Alberta.
As a last port of call in Canada a dock hand on the Vancouver docks from the actual pier where the King and Queen will cross to Vancouver Island, will tell the King how they are looking forward to his prospective visit.
From Canada the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation will then bring Hla Majesty greetings from other parts of the Empire.. Africa will have the honor of speaking first. From Johannesburg and engine driver will deliver a message from the peoples of the Union of South Africa and a native will speak for the Afrikanders. Southern Rhodesia will be represented through a tobacco planter.
I
m
May 13, 7.30 .


••••••••
l
4
0
#*##
8 p.m.
#*»#**»#
l
I
##*##*##


I
••••••••
9 p.m. CBS—
•»••••••
May
»•••••••
#**»*#»#
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Gentleman Farmer -
THERE AInY NO HELP FOR IT, MOM / I'M QONNA NEED ANOTHER SOX ON ACCOUNTA ONE '' GARDEN WON'T .z^ BE ENOUGH/ %%%
WHY, YES, PINHEAD / I'D BE DELIÇHTED. TO PURCHASE FRESH VEGETABLES EVERY DAY/ YOU MAY PUT MY NAME DOWN'
THAT MAKES TWEN NT-THREE
customers/ NOW
IF I KIN ONE Y SET TWEN NY-SEVEN MORE NAMES, THATLL 6E FIFTY/
i'm gonna raise vegetables this
SUMMER, MISS dewlap/WILL YOU BE MY CUSTOMER?

4
i
/

%
\
r
»
i


h
* «
X
< /
,1
:

Heart Of Cod
The last 4 verges of our chapter give us additional truth concerning our present life in Christ and its futere gloryÆÈÊBÉjËjjÈï^bÊ ¦¦ So then strangers and sojourners, but ye are fellow-citizens with the eaints, and of the household of God. Vm H|HHHHHHgmt fin*
at her in 1
I
Vi
v

y
e
i
X\
I
4 %

?
• •
êr
/
/
i
19.
ye are no more
-LX#
/


<bt/M



s.


i >

7

X
¦re all members o


on


y f
Heal


^ 5
11
7, cti)
i of the
a

a# =- a


###PAGE###8###
I
ITS
--W


”7T




Ilmiidt Wornta n Institute
Look Sere
Gold Piste Gift To Hie Majesty
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
An nd<lte»ê on home beautiflca tion whs
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
For Salp, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
8 given by the county 1st, N. A Drummond,
Symbolic of Canada's gold pro- Rgronon
EiEEiS iSISI
i^FSte gEESÜS ÆmË&Më
«y mn%	Excellent reporta were given by---
Mr-. P. Hnllftntyne "and Mrs. P. FOR SALB-À pair of Clyde Colt*. Thomas oil the semiannual con- coming two and three years old. Apply vention held in Shaw ville, May 10. to John A. Sturgeon, R. R. No. 3, There were 16 members and five	Phone 17-6.
visitors present. The Rod Call was responded to by naming "Our In keeping with a very active Favourite Home Paper or Ma* movement in many parts of Cana- gazine."
da for beautifying Farm Homes Refreshments were served by |A and Public Giounds, the officers of the hostess assisted by the Misses the C P A S , No. 1, had in view a Norma Doda and Thelma Graham public meeting in the Fair build mg with suitable speakers to dis cuss the subject and arrange general plans. Circumstances ore* vented tnis meeting being held as intended before this date.
However May 23rd, at 9.00 a. m., has been selected as a day for tree planting on Shawville Fair
rsons inter* to make a
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The noest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with au established reputation. Openallyeqr.
o
»
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
‘X
w. K. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Prfnolpal
t
<

Â
Tree Planting Day At Fair Grounds
1
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
25 cents
EARL AND O. ROWAT
FOR SALE—1 Findlay Range, In good condition and good Refrigerator, Both a good buy. Can be seen at W. A. Mo-Knight’s, Phone 15—5, or apply to Mrs. McKnioht. Box 873, Almonte, Ont.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Gradual, of McGill University
SHAWVILLC. QUE.
25 cents
FOR SALE-1!«9 Pontiac De Lux. _	.	.
Coupe, with four practical! y new tires. OsriCB — In the O. F. Horigins Building For further particulars vpplr to Percy Main Street, Que Ballanttnb, Maryland. Phone, 8 10. 1	¦ B I
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p
Saved Lives ot Four Girls
—	| . FOR SALE— A quantity _
(formerly rector of South March ______________\
Ont , and Obarteri». Que.,) saved PIGS FOR SALE - Young Pigs for the lives of four girls ou Monday ready to take May 5th. Apply to of last week, when he noticed	Firry, Barry River. Calumet
them half way across a bridge and lsland» Que._________________
pushed them to the clearance space eight years ; one aged mare, and a four on top of a pier. The bridge ie wheeled trailer. Apply to Earl Dons. 90 feet over the ground and river. | Maryland, Que. Phone 8M)._______
FOR SALE — A dappled grey work pounds of horee. 1600 lbs., aged 10 years. In good Hamilton, | condition and sound In every way ; also
one waggon and one buggy. Apply to
FOR' SALE-A dark grc, TWh.mn IJoB PoMAI1' MwyUud. Que. Phonu MS.
cî r c* a ...	L 1900 lbs. Will accept cattle or nice mare
FOR SALE—A quantity of Irish (Cob- in part payment. Price $350.00. Apply bier Seed Potatoes. Apply to Alf, to Thomas Pierünck. R, R. 3, Renfrew, Elliott, Shaw ville. Pohne 20-15.	Ont.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
B3l J* °SCAR LAFLAMMB
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor. #te,
: Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
.m.
Miss Vera Klatt
Office
Grounds, when all oe es ted are requested IHHHBI special effort to be present on that date to assist in securing trees suitable for the different locations and getting the planting properly done and the immediate surround-
IftfljA.-cleaned WÊftÊÊtÊtÊtÊtÊÊÊ
suitable spruce, elm or hard maple trees are requested to bring them along. Lunch will be served in the dining hall.
Further information on application to the executive, J. VV. Horner, N. Kilgour, J. R. McDowell and Dr. Campbell, A. G Brough, Lome Armstrong, president, and R. W. Hod gins, secretary.
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
CLINTON H. DOWD
». A, LL B .
. ,	_ O.L.
Advocate, Barrister,etc Main Street
Persons having
s
ull, Qui
Phone, Sber. 1364
At Pontia House, Shawville, Q e "?ry Friday evening.
FOR SALE—Two hundred Seed Barley. Apply to Sam Shawville.
ue
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
will call any
, request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Branch at Quyon ; Monday on
Loyal Greeting's
To Our
King and Queen
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
«0» Drummond Medico! Building
May they Reign Long Over a United Empire Blessed With
Honour, Pêace and Prosperity
MONTREAL, QUE. MATEAU n«e
DR WALLACE J. W. HOOCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit sos
IN SALES THROUGHOUT CANADA
Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
f
CHEVROLET
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
f
1
BELAI* 3 f 17
Because it’s FIRST in
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
PERFORMANCE!
It’s fester on the getaway , , . it’s stronger on hills o •. it’s a much better all-round performer than other cars in its field... and it saves you money evpry day on gas, oil and upkeep.
Friday, May 19th Declared Holiday
McTiernan, Gwen Elliott and Margaret Young, while the C.G I T. patriotic drill was given by Catherine Woodley, Cheslyn Horner. Noreen Shore, Annie Henderson, Jean McDowell, Jean Judd, Lois Garettv, Dollie and Eleanor Turned, Marilyn Carson, Irene Howard and Shirley Corrigan.
The accompanist for the play was Mrs Edgar Hodgins; Mrs. 1). J Campbell had charge of makeup and Rev. A. F. Fokes ¦ I I ductor.
*he orchestra led by Lindsay and Friday nights when two The United Y P. U. are grateful
pipsE iSSSKH
the play gave their lines m a flaw- The play was repeated last Mon-
«f.nr, I fc	¦",h' ^
given with vim and harmony.
The title role was taken by Wendell Wilson, ably supported by Bert Swartz in the role of Daac Pettigrew, a villagerShy lopk;
Glenn Hudgins, as a mail carrier ;
Wilmer Hudgins, as a colored	n
clerk î Ebert Horner, as a chronic , j , V11?? * a trick Foran, K. C., complainer ; Walter KiJgour, ^ L	Canada’s oldest practising
Clarence Dean and Wilmer Hod- ,	^V10 on March 14 celebrat-
gins, as tramps; Ebert Horner and ?d. his 90th birthday, was fatally
Walter Kilgour as comic deacons, mjwed when knocked down by added materially to the comedy in an automobile on Laurier avenue the play, while Robin Hodgins, east* Ottawa, opposite the main Charles Hynes and Dean Fokes, entrance to Ottawa University, at played roles as visitors from the	Sunday, He was the dean
city. Female comedy was added °! the legal profession in the pro-by the lines of Edith Currie.Mills, vmee of Quebec, where he had Kay Woodley, Muriel Chamber- been A member of the Bar for 68 lain, Barbara Woodley, Audrey year?:	.
Fulford, Nancy Poole and Mrs. following a custom of 30 years. Secil Sly, while straight charact- ”r* *or*n was walking from his erizations came through the parts own home at 147 Wilbrod street of Isabelle Sly, Lois Boland and which faces the university carnpu®, Margaret Dagg.	to that of his nephew. Dr. J. R
Those who sang in the solos, y "rJ5,n* Laurier avenue east, duets and quartettes were, Clar for a Sunday afternoon visit when ence Dean, Wilmer and Robin the accident occurred. Walking Hodgins, Chas Hynes, Bert Swartz, hround the campus he was mind-(ilenn Hodgins, Claire Ren nick ftl* of the heavy traffic on the and Marjorie Smart.	street and always crossed at the
The sixteen girls in the Maypole *ame place with great caution, drill were, Marjorie and Lois Mr. Thomas Alexander, a war Hayes, Mayfred Horner, Beth veteran, driver of the car saw, Mr. Tabor, Muriel Armstrong, Marion Foran and sounded his horn and Lester, I va Cotie, Elaine McDow- swerved a round and Mr. Foran ell, Noreen Shore, Marilyn Carson, walked into the right side of the Annie Henderson, Catherine Wood car and was knocked down by the ley, Muriel Chamberlain, Marjorie parking light.
Phone if.
Friday, May 19th, was declared a Civic Holiday in honour of Their Majesties, the King and Queen, the unanimous decision of Shawville Council at its regular session on Monday, May 1st, 1939.
Dp. r. g. docks
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 10
Af, Camp he 11*8 Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
by
United Y.PU. Play Well Received By Large Audiences
Because it's FIRST in
was con
VALUE!
Dollar for dollar, it. gives you more for your money then any other car in its price range. That’s why the new Chevrolet is the biggest-selling 1939 model automobile in Canada I
fi
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7801
Because it’s FIRST in
JAMES A. MILLAR
LL.L,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
*29 Main St
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel. Campbell’.Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
Steering Column Gear-Shift with “Vacuum Assist" • Chevrolet's Famous 85-Horsepower Valye-ln-Head Six • New Aero-Stream Styling, New Bodies by Fisher
•	Perfected Quadro-Action Hydraulic Brakes • New “Observation Car” Visibility e Advanced Knee-Action Riding System with Shockproof Dual Cross Steering (On Mattor De luxe Models)
•	Tiptoe-Mafic Clutch • Safety Glass.
T. P. Foran, K.C Fatally Injured
FEATURES!
B. A
# e
Hall,Que*
•»
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
0149#
118 MAIN 8THEET,
HULL, QUEBEC*
At Proadfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 0.00 to 8.00 p.m.
\
Tht only low-pritsd cor tombWeg All THAT'S BEST AT 10WEST (0STI "
John L. Hodgins
Que
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Belli# Superior Court
Shawville
Sletrlet af Peatiae
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER . Y0UR CHEVROLET DEALER
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
