###PAGE###1###
-* =***¦*> J-v«


f 1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United Statee
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 31, 163ft
No 11, 57 ru YBAB
I
The Ladles* Guild of St Matthew’s Church, Charter!;, will hold a Bean Supper in the Orange Hall, Friday, Sept. 1st Supper served from 0.00 to 8 00 p. ra. fol* lowed by short program. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
Correction — In our reference to the opening of the new Clarendon Hotel, in the issue of August 17th, we stated that the hotel was being operated by G. H. Hodgins & Son. Since this issue we learn that the elder Mr. Hodgins has no connection whatever with the hotel business, it being entirely managed by his son, Mr. Erskine Hodgins./
GEORGES CARON |COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Shawville Boy#' Paul Eighth In Contest at Ottawa Fair
e. A., B. C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Cioipbtll’i Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
tihaw ville Hoy* Band placed 8th In band competition* held at Ottawa Fair on Saturday. Lieut, Charles Banter, lender of the United States Navy Band was adjudicator of the contest in which nine bands of the Ottawa district took part.
The winning unit warn West boro Boys' Band, conducted by W. B. H. Findlayson, who received a phy from Lieut Benter, and a cash award of $100. Including individual medals for bandsmen.
timwnshuig, One , Boys’ Band, conducted by William Ormiscon, who is also conductor of Shiw-ville Baud, were in second place and received $75. in cash.
Shawville boys were only separated from the winners by eight points and played blunder cost them
on
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE.
3Dl«txlet of yoxxtlac
tro
SHAWVILLE
W. E. COWUMC,
President
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, BroomlRakes
|iepipeBORNppe|pepi
Tollman—At the the Shawville Community Hospital on Monday
“I JAMES A.|MILLAR
Maryland, Que—Twin Boys.
M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
¦ ACKNOWLEDGMENT
We are pleased to acknowledge receipt of a special grant of $860. from the Federal Department Agriculture, Ottawa, of which we were advised earlier by Mr. Walter L. Graham, acting for the special board for the betterment or Fairs.
This grant is for the improve: ment of Exhibition property.
Lorne Armstrong, Pres, R. W. Hodgins, Sec’ty.
of
B» A## LL.L,
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
l89 Main St.,
AtPontiecHou.e, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoylo’s Hotel, CempbelVsBey, every Wednesday morning.
well, one slight several point*.
MARRIED
Hull,Que-
William H. Colle Former Resident of Stark e Corners Dies At Hie Home In Frenfre
McLean—Pools
St. Luke’s Anglican Church,
Eardley, was the scene of a pretty Summer wedding Thursday afternoon, Aug. 24th, when Mise Marion Poole, only daughter of Mrs. Geo Poole and the late Mr. Poole, of Heechgrove, Que, became the.
HABLAND 0. BOWAT
McLean and the late Mr. McLean,
Eardley, Que. Rev. Liddon Nesbitt, Quyon, solemnized the marriage
The bride was given in marriage by her brother, Mr. Harry Poole,
Schumacher, and was attended by Miss Layla Gmig. as bridesmaid.
Mr Percy McKibbon acted as best man. The wedding music was played by Mrs Robert McMullen.
The biide was attired in a street-length frock of Queen's blue lace over taffeta designed on simple lines with a v necked fitted bodice and short puffed sleeves. Her hat was "off the face” and was of blue velvet and blue suede shoes and lace mitts were also worn by the bride. She carried Talisman roses and gladioli.
Miss Layla Craig was gowned in a street length frock of pale green triple sheer, with green accessories and a shoulder corsage of Johanna Hill roses and gladioli.
Mrs. Poole, mother of the bride, wore an attractive gown of navy
blue sheer, with navy accessories. | DONAT Le GUERRIER
She wore a corsage of gladioli.
Mrs. McLean, mother of the bridegroom, chose figured navy crepe, with navy accessories. She wore a corsage of red roses.
Mrs. Harry Poole, of Schumacher, wore yellow sheer over figured taffeta, with white accessories.
She wore yellow roses.
Following the ceremony, a reception was held at the home of the bride's mother. Later the couple left on a wedding trip to Quebec City and other points. The bride travelled in hunters' j crepe with green accessories, young couple will reside in Schumacher, Ont.
Mr. William Harper Cotie, a highly respected resident of Renfrew community foè the past twenty years, died at his home in Renfrew on Friday, August 25th, at the age of GO years..
He had been in poor health since last November, and suffeied a heart attack on Monday funeral was held on Sunday afternoon from his late home. 481 J street, Renfrew, with interment at Thomsonville cemetery. Service was conducted by Rev. H. B. Neal, of Trinity St.
United church ¦¦¦
Mr. Cotie was born in 1870, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Cotie, at Clarendon, Que., where he spent his youth and operated a farm Forty-nine years ago he was married at Portage du Fort to Clara Dagg, of Clarendon, who survives. In 1010 the family moved to a farm in Admeston township, a short distance from Renfrew. Ten years ago Mr. Cotie retired to make his home in Renfrew, where ho and his family have remained since.
Left to mourn him loss besides the widow, are nine sons, Sherwood, of Horton township ; Earl, of Arnprior ; Emerson, or Shawville ; Fred and Hariier, of Renfrew ; Harold and Leslie, of Kirkland Lake ; one daughter, Mrs. Charles Imisoo, # of Shawville ; two brothers, Thom., of Arnpriot*, and Robert, of Castleford, and two sisters, Mrs. Robert Prender gast, and Mrs. Richard Mitchell, of Saskatchewan. There are also 10 grandchildren.
Judging Teams Go To Sherbroo
This district is sending two Boys' Judging Teams this week to represent Western Quebec in the Provincial Stock Judging Competitions at Sherbrooke Fair. Shawville Calf Club is represented in the dairy cattle judging competition by Irvine Brownlee, of Shawville and Ronald MacKechnie of Wyman. The Club is represented judging competition bv Merritt Steele, of Quyon, and Leo Kennedy, of Beechgrove.
The teams will compete for an opportunity to take part in the National Competition at Toronto Royal Winter Fair later in the Fall
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
OeriCR — In the O. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
The
âmes
Andrew's
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Quyon Swine in the swine
t
PREPARE FOR SCHOOL
X
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc. •
Main Street - - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que erery Friday evening.
Just another few days - and - Back to School
Mr. Joseph Brown Celebrates Ninety second Birthday
School Togs
Mr. Joseph Brown, of Stark's Corners, celebrated hi* 92nd birthday on Monday, August 28th. He spent the day quietly and several of his friends and neighbours called to extend beet wish 1 ¦¦¦
Except for slightly impaired sight and hearing Mr Brown is in possession of all his faculties Sunday evening, the even of his birthday, he attended divine service at St. Alban’s, Parkman. Mr. Brown was confirmed in the first Anglican Church in Shawville 69 years ago.
The Equity joins many friends in wishing Mr. Brown many happy returns of the day.
Mr. and Mrs R. W Hodgins Honoured on 30th Wedding Anniversary
es
i
Boys’ Sweaters
Made by Warrens. Good colour schemes
V -Neck Pullovers $1.00 Zipper Neck “
1
%
##
«til
wmm
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

H
\
A-
«
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
A\v
iV
Matters dealt with by correspondence
$1.25
To The Members of The C P A S No. 1 and the Patrons and Friends or the Shawville Fair
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT -s BARRISTER
g The 11,1 "AIN 8T*tlT
RHONE, 2-22
We are pleased to report that with the cash on hand from 1938, we reduced the mortgage by $1000 early in 1939.
This reduction of a long standing debt was a good beginning for the year and with a good prospect of donations for 1939 from County Council and local municipalities, as well as bussinees firms, farmer* and others, is very encouraging to the officials.
This financial support and the co-operation of the people of the district in connection with the dining hall and other wavs at the Fall Fair has placed the Shawville Fair among the very best County Fairs of Quebec.
This year we will continue our endeavour to reduce the debt of the society and at the same time make all improvements necessary to assure the holding of a good Annual Fair on September 28, 29, 30, and to advance the general interests of Agriculture in the County.
Membership to the Society is $2.00 and membership ticket admit the member and his car or other vehicle free to the Fair each day.
The year 1938 was a banner year for memberships. Please assist us to increase it this year.
We thank you foi your past assistance and solicit your continued co-operation in support of the County of Pontiac Agricultural Society No 1. one of trie oldest institutions of its kind in the Ottawa Valley. Let u« work together so that TOUR 1939 Shawville Fair will truly do credit to the Progress of the People of Pontiac.
Boys’ School Pants—Sturdy Tweeds etc.
HULL, QUEBEC
On Friday evening, August 25th, a few friends and neighbor* called at the hbrae of Mr. and Mrs. R VV. Hodgins, to extend fflicitation# on the occasion of their thirtieth wedding anniversary.
During the evening short addresses were made by several friends. Mr. and Mrs. Hodgins, who were greatly taken by surprise by this mark of good will, replied in suitable terms.
served
and Mr8lHpHBpipp|*|P*j
Clifford Grant Drown»
In Wilson'» Lake
This district was greatly shocked and saddened on Sunday evening when it became generally known that Clifford Grant, 20-year-old son, of Mr. David Grant, of McKee section, had lost his life in Wilson's Lake, Onslow, during the afternoon. j®	_ ,
His body was recovered in six
feet of water five minutes after he disappeared under the surface. Artificial respiration was practised by Boy Scouts from a camp nearby, Coroner, Dr. Leopold Renaud, of Campbell’s Bay, decid ed an inquest was unnecessary Clifford Grant was employed the farm of Mr. Geo. Steele, of the Steele Line, Onslow, and earlier in the day, he told friends that he was not feeling well, and the tragedy is attributed to a heart
seizure.	I
He is survived by his father, David Grant ; one sister, Frances, and five brothers, Gerald. Wesley, Sherwood, Lawrence and Stanley
Grant.	. ,, ,
The funeral was held from the the late home of the deceased on Tuesday afternoon to Norman United Church, North Clarendon. Service was conducted by the Pastor, Rev. H. G. Steers, assisted by Mr. Hilton, who is in charge of Bristol Pentecosal Mission.
The funeral was very largely attended, many relatives and friends attending from the district and distant points.
The pall bearerp were,
A In glee, Leslie Dods, W. Graham, w. Stafford, R iy and Roy I Wiggains.	!
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m.
New BrcwnjShades in longs at $1.95 per pair
75 cts. to $1.00
WOBRMKE—THACKER
St. George's Anglican Church at ] At Pontiac House, Shawville, Portage dn Fort was the scene of a pretty mid-summer wedding on Wednesday afternoon, Aug. 16th, at 3.20, when Miss Lillis Doris Thacker became the bride of Mr.
Leslie Arthur Woermke, of Bristol, Que. Rev. Thomas Liggett, officiated.
The church was beautifully ue corated for the occasion with fern and cut summer blooms. Mrs.
Liggett played the wedding music
Given in marriage by her bro i plateau 6318
ther, Mr. Gordon Thacker, the |___________
bride was attended by her sister as bridesmaid. Mr. Carman Me Callum assisted the groom.
The bride was becomingly attired in a floor length gown of pale pink silk net over taffeta, with shirring on the bodice and a bolero jacket of taffeta with short puffed sleeves completed the costume.
With this she wore a large picture hat of white straw, and white sandals. Her arm bouquet was of
Ch by'g'breatb.**	D. J. CAMPBELL
Theibridesinaid was dreseed in turquoise blue sheer with tucked puffed sleeves and flare skirt, with which she wore white accessories and carried an arm bouquet of mixed summer blooms.
A reception was held In their honor at Coronation hall, Bristol, the same evening, where the couple received many beautiful and useful gifts. They left on a motor trip to Toronto and North
Bay.	?
? 4	44
Shorts at
every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
Boys’ School Oxfords
Strong well made shoes for boys that will stand plenty of wear. Black or Brown.
$1.95 to $2.50
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
iond Medical Building Drummond Street
T
sms#;

y refreshments were by Mrs. May Armstrong 3 John R. McDowell.
60» D
MONTREAL, [QUE.
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
Boys’llGoIf Seeks
All Wool, fine quality, ere colour only. Special 29 cts.


Girls’ School Dresses
BELAIR 3 287
Good styles—Dirindl—Flared etc., 6 to 12 years $1.00
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
New Pullover Sweaters for Crown up Girls
$1.00
on
PhonaSI.
Ten new shades in smart styles, sizes 14 to 20
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
Pencils, {Scribblers, ^Note Books, Ink
Loose Leaf Refills
Lornb Armstrong, Pres. R W. Hodgins, Sec'ty.
mills in Eastern Canada.
He was a life member of the
Fidelity Lodge A F and A M.« and 1 At Campbell’* Bay from Friday night of Krskine Presbyterian Church	to Monday nigh of each week.
He leaves to mourn his death his widow ; two daughters, Miss:
Clara and Mrs Heibert Haskin ; j three sons, Dalton, Eldon and Fleming, all of Ottawa; three sisters, Mis# Margaret Morrison, and Mrs Charles McFadden, of Ottawa, and Mrs. Morris, of Sud | bury, and one brother, Alex Mor-1 rison, Farm Point. -	- «
The funeral was held on Monday | to Norway Bay cemetery.
Former Resident ef Bristol Die» In Ottawa
Captain James Morrison, well-known resident of the Capital for many years, died Saturday morning at an Ottawa hospital. He was 74.
Capt. Morrison served overseas with the 224th Battalion, Canadian Forestry Engineers, and acted as technical adviser.
He was born at Bristol, Que , and for many years was engaged in constructing several large * aw
W. A. Hodgins, Lf’d
H. K. WILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, No»e and Throat Specialist MEDICAL a ers eoiLoma
Quebec
Shawville
Messrs
OTTAWA, -• ONT.
SHONE, 1-7001
###PAGE###2###

DELICIOUS REFRESHING
Housewife Walks
Eight Miles Daily
•'Not that 1 know of," Dallas told
1
T
T
SALADA" WAY
hlm.
##
Wmmmm
*‘A silencer T" Susie looked que» tloningly from ono to the other.
'«Yes. a gadget to cut out the sound of the shot, Miss Spratt."
The White Miner .
Susie dropped a kulfe to the floor with a clatter. “Mr. Pat, was that why we didn’t hear anything when Trigger was shot, and when Claire was up In the cupola?”
"Wo think so, Miss Spratt."
"Lord love us?" gasped the wo "Then they could creep up on ug and mûrier us In our beds, and nobody’d be the wiser
"Don’t get panicky, Susie,” Claire soothed her. "Nothing can hurt us In the house here.”
"1 ain’t so sure." answered Susie. "There's been queer goings on all ’round here even afore you coroe
A
A
Interesting Facts Presented At the 28th Convention of Chiropodists

B

L

w
housewife, In the
S
Tim average course of a year, walks a distance equal to that between Boston and San Francisco, or about eight miles
a day. In her home.
The cop on the beat walks 11
miles a day.
A normally active hoy covers
about 16 miles a day.
And the hospital Interne scurries
Up mid down corridors to the ex
tent of 18 miles dally.
Uses Instrument To Count Stepi
These figures were reported to the 28th convention of the National Association of Chiropodists by Dr. Joseph Lely veld, of Boston, direr of research for the organ!*-
E
tf.

à

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS



As one visits the market and the store, or surveys one's garden In these fleeting cummer days It would seem that nature Is staging a
quickly do the fruit and
man
:<>
SESW TE

? ••
t

race, so	___
vegetable crops come and go. Soon the "pickling days' will th In full swing and the recipes and suggestions offered are legion.
*
HOUSE OF SHADOWS

"Nine Day Pickle** is synonymous with pickles these days and after trying many last year 1 concocted the following recipe for myself. I handing It on to you hoping that you will not only enjoy making It but also find It delicious. The other recipes listed are also favor lies of my household.
up.
* by Ida R. Gleason
@ IÇS6 NtA S*fvke, Uc.
"1 looked around the place after the dog was killed." he told them, "but I couldn’t find anyone."
"And you didn’t hear anything later?" asked Bob.
"Nope." I>an answered. Pat In the meantime, had w.lked over to a corner of the cabin and picked up gun that was leaning against the wall. He opened this casually, then pointed at the magazine.
"This shell Is empty. Dallas. It looks like It had been fired recent-
1	What do you mean?" Pat edged forward eagerly.
"Oh. Susie just gets a case of now and then," Interrupted

BEGIN HERE THIS WEEK
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire is trying to decide whether to marry BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log that has been placed across the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house, where EB SPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are
tor
at Ion.
Or. Lelyveld. mlng an instrument which counts the steps of so Individual, has been checking dis-walked by Boston, Neiv

nerves
Dan.
am

«
Pat went on. quizzing Susie. "You mean you heard or saw something didn’t understand.
For a minute the housekeeper did not reply. Then she lowered her voice. "Yes. I did. Three times I've heard a soft-like noise in the night. Once It was so loud that 1 routed Kb out to listen, hut It stop ped as soon as we struck a light."
"Likely a pack rat." suggested
Dan.
"Pack rats don’t chip edges off atone foundations," answered Sus-
NICK
¦¦¦pieieeeeei
York and Chicago business men. housewives, salesmen, dancers and those In other walks of life. Farmers Greatest Walken The research director handed the the farmer as greatest
you
En',OY
die genuine
peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT GUMI
Get some today!
NINE DAY PICKLE
2	quarts large cucumber*
2 quarts white pickling onion*
2 quarts cider vinegar 4% lbs. white sugar
1 oi. clnnairMi buds
1	oi. Allspice buds
2	red peppers
1 oi. whole cloves.
Preparation of Onions:
Onions and cucumbers are prepared separately. Peel the onions allowing 1% cups salt to two cups boiling water and let stand 3 days. Drain, let stand In clean water for three days.
Preparation of Cucumbers:
Peel and cut in uniform pieces the cucumbers, removing seeds. Let stand In salt and water S days and salt In same proportion as onions. After the three days drain and allow to stand in clear water three days, drain again, place In kettle, cover well with water and simmer for two hours. Add, while simmering. a piece of alum about the size of a walnut. The last half hour add the onions. Make a syrup of vinegar and sugar as given above pouring over cucumbers and onions which have been placed In bottles In alternate layers. Drain the syrup off three different mornings reheating each time. The cinnamon and allspice Is added to the syrup the cloves and peppers (prepared and cut in small pieces) are placed in the jars with the layers of on Ions and cucumbers.
a
palm to	^	,
walker, however. Behind the plow,
he estimated a farmer covered more than 25 miles a day. Mailmen followed with 22 miles a day.
An average woman shopper wan ders eight miles a day through stores, but steps up her mileage to 11 under the pressure of Christ
mas buying.
He estimated salesmen covered 75 miles a week, stenographers 43 miles, and a business man, every three or four weeks, equalled the distance between New York and
ly."
The man turned and looked coolly at hla questioner. "I «hot one bullet at a coyote yesterday." he said.
“Contrariness”—Phase In Child's Growth
le.
the caretakers.
DAN DALLAS, the hired man. reports that the watchdog has been •hot.
Claire goes to her room for the
a curious arrow
"You found stones chipped. Miss Spratt?" asked Bob.
"Yep. The corner of the house
out by the root cellar, blew something off the clothesline and when I went over there to get it, I saw the fresh marks. And they telllu' me down at the village
"Well, come along with u# now. We’re going to look over the whole place," Eb ordered.
Then Someone Did Try to Kill Me" The search finally ended without result. The men tramped back Into

What is often mistaken for perverseness in a small child ia simply his unwillingness to imitate any longer.
At first, when he is toddling around after mother at her work, he will gleefully copy everything she does. He “telephones \ calls people by the names she gives them and copy-cats her very fcrne of voice. Then gradually he lore* the thrill of it. This is because he is getting into the constructive stsg.-, and that means the development of imagination with a vengeance. All is grist to his mill now, and he resents any interference with invention. What he does is his ov/n idea, right or wrong. He docs not stop to think of that.
A wise mother will allow for it as much as possible. She will not become impatient when Jimmy won’t copy the boat she has drawn, but instead, makes a cross and calls it a «nan. In this child’* pride and stubborn newborn ego, he rather glorifies in discarding suggestion.
The wind

night. She secs carved on the wall, pointing to the cupola. Lamp in hand, Claire goes to the cupola. Suddenly and noiselessly, the lamp is shattered.
Now Go On With the Story
the house.
Claire was telling Susie again all about the mark on the wall behind the bed. Dan listened with an expression of Interest in his eyes. "Didn’t you ever run across that mark when you were cleaning the room. Susie?" he asked suddenly.
"Sure." She cast a quick glance at him. "But how should I know It meant anything?"
Pat, who had dropped Into a big chair, now sprang to his feet. "Now come on. Bob. It s light enough now to go up to the cupola and give it the once over."
"And you and 1 had better get breakfast started suggested. "We all need something to eat after such a night."
"Call us when it’s ready." said Eb, motioning to Dan to come with him. "We’ll be down at the tool house."
The two young men went upstairs to the cupola where Claire’s lamp had been shot to pieces. The splinters of glass still covered the floor. The bullet that caused the disorder was embedded In the wall.
"Evidently came from the direction of that slope over there." Bob eyed the densely wooded mountain that rose directly opposite the House of Long Shadows.
"Did you notice Dan’s gun?" asked Pat. "Could It do the trick?"
"I think so. We’ll dig the bullet out and see if It fits." Bob opened his pocket knife as he spoke. "And since no one seems to have heard the shot probably It was the same with the silencer that got the
was	—
that the white miner has been seen
Bosoton
again.'
(To Bo Continued)
Housecoats
CHAPTER IV
Have Charm
Bob Suspects Everyone
Claire had been too excited to notice that her hand was hurt by the broken glass, but now she was conscious of a throbbing pain tried to stop the bleeding with his handkerchief and Susie sent Eb for water and bandages.
"This Dau Dallas."
"Does he sleep on the premises ?"
Susie jerked around. "Yes, in the little cabin down near the tool house,” she answered
"Hold your tongue. Susie." ordered Eb. who came back In time to hear the conversation. He turned to Steele. "Say. you ain't figurin' Dan had anything to do with this,
are you?"
"We don't
Smart Aprons For Gifts Or Your Own Use
.

Attractive For Lounging At |
Home

9#
Pat
at*
Draped, shirtwaist, and basque associated with voluminous
pill;
tops
skirts, give opportunity for qualut details which often suggest period costumes lu hostess costumes. Materials are at hand also with which period and national styles can be further underscored. A case in point Is the "Seventeenth Century, New Amsterdam" housecoat, whose picturesque lines, kerchief yoke, and silver buttons are delightfully Dutch and whose cotton print, copied from a Dutch-tile stove, confirms the Idea. The gypsy housecoat has had a great vogue, but Is believed to be on the way out. Close-fitting basque tops are becoming, particularly when cut In acute angles.
sSs
Bob said.

9

ill!; 3N

::x
I
Susie," Claire

He's a-"
m

m
m
&

ES!
I
FRUIT RELISH

12 tomatoes
4 apples
4 pears
4 peaches
1	cup pitted plums
3	cups vinegar
2	red peppers
1 green pepper
3	cupfuls sugar
1 stick cinnamon % tablespoon whole riovea % tablespoon mixed spice % tablespoon salt
Boll all together for two and a half hours. This recipe will make about 4 pts.
know	where	this
shootijig is coming from nor who s doing it, so naturally I suspect anyone," answered Bob coldly.
Pat arose. "The three of us had better give the place the once over right now."
For an hour the lights from the men's	lanterns	flickered about	the
grounds as a	careful	search	was
made.	But not	a trace	of anything
or anyone could be found. Down at his cabin, Dan had been awakened and questioned, but said he had seen nothing that would indicate a hostile prowler.
At
‘c
These Things Give You A Headache
"A
t

t


British Medical Association leaders compared notes at a meeting in Aberdeen, Scotland, and came to the conclusion that such things as unwanted visitors cause headaches more often than do actual physical disorders. Other headache causes: Loud voices, the prospect of unpleasant tasks, dislike of other people, depression, worry, insomnia and Insults.

r
• • i
•
4 :•
Hostess Type
More elaborate and well-suited to Informal dinners at home, even when guests are present, are hostess ensembles. They are most frequently composed of two units, an uuderdress or very expansive petticoat, worn with a contrasted outer robe, cut in directoire, redingote, or polonaise fashion.
4



7 i
X

2.696
?HALL	1
ntoiuM

CORN RELISH
gun
dog.1 •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦!¦
Pat glanced at his friend but he made no comment. In a few minutes the bullet lay In his hand. And both examined it and Bob put It in
12 ears corn Vt cabbage 2 large onions 1 green pepper 1 stalk celery 3 cups vinegar (cider*
1 Vu cups sugar % cup flour 3 tablespoons salt % teaspoon mustard one-eighth spoeu cayenne % teaspoon tumeric Cook corn and remove from cob. Chop cabbage, onions, green pepper and celery and combine with corn.
Place all the vegetables in a kettle and combine with the vine-
TAKES OFF
GRIME
WITHOUT
SCOURING
^EUROPE
(
2154
his pocket.
Fifteen minutes' intensive search of the cui>oIa revxiled nothing If the arrow mark really
nALk.ntoiun
t
mck.
By LOUISE LENNOX
Aprons make welcome gifts, especially when they are as attractive as these. The cover-all one that keeps you spic-and-span from tip to toe is easy to make as you can see.
Another novel but thoroughly useful apron style is the tie-around with crossed straps in the back. This one is bright and gay trimmed with bands of bias tape and large red apple pockets with apple and pear pot holders to match. Just think what attractive gifts these will be and how much fun you will have making them this summer.
Style No. 2696 is designed for sizes small, medium and large. Me diuq^size requires 2% yards of 39-inch material with 6 yards of
ruffling |	. ÆÊÊÊKM
signed f-or sizes small meduim and large. Medium size requires 1% yards of 39-inch material with 8% yards of binding.
Send fifteen cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
more
pointed to the stairway to the lookout, any further signs on the weather-beaten walls had been erased by the elements. At the open door of the bed room that had belonged to Lyman Fos lick. Pat paused. The big four poster bed was still pulled out from the wall as Claire had left it. so they could see the small mark on the wall.
"It points toward the stairs all right," said Pat. "Nothing else on that side of the room but that case for books." He walked across and examined the volumes on the huge shelves. "The old boy seems to have gone In for variety—mining, poetry, travel, finance, and politics."
"Anything on jewels?"
Effective Auy 7,K lo Oct 15
Z I
gar.
O need for hard rubbing and scrubbing when you use a solution of Gillett’s Pure Flake Lye. It cuts right through grease, clears clogged drains, keeps outhouses sanitary and odorless, scours pots and pans, takes the hard work out of heavy cleaning. Keep a tin always handy.
N
Mix flour, sugar, and all the spices and combine with enough cold vinegar to blend smoothly.
Combine with vegetables and vinegar in kettle, bring to the boiling point and rook slowly for 40 minutes.
Pour in hot sterile jars and seal
leiii Trip Fatei to Iritoia
••
136
177
T001IST $ «All
at once
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters In your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chamber», care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
asked
>
(4
"QUEEN MAP/" H* Wof Id's Fastest Ship
Bob
(/Util tligh/Iy higher if returning ht fort Sent. Hi 4)
FREE BOOKLET — The Gillett e Lye
"Nope, unless you count that one 'Jewels of Verse/ Come on, I am starved." Pat started for the door.
Breakfast was ready when they came downstairs. Susie insisted that they sit right down and went to call Eb and Dan Dallas.
"It was a bullet, then, that broke the lamp?" Claire asked.
For answer Bob held out the little piece of lead. "Probably fired from that slope opposite."
The girl's face turned white. "Then—then someone did try to
Style No. 2154 is de-
. . keep# out
a ^wutumn days in Europe are delightful vL/-# that long deferred visit while these low fares are available. For variety travel one way by our newly renovated Canadian Service steamers and the other way via New York, with a range of up to-date ships headed
by the “Queen Mary", the World's fastest ship.
make
performs down of tasks. Send for free copy to Standard Brands Ltd
and Liberty Street
a

The ATLANTIC'S LARGEST FLEET

¦ct?
o*»i
Between Montreal and Glasgow, Belfast. Liverpool, Plymouth, Havre, London.
" It DOES taste good in a pipe ! "
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH -15<
WrLi. "LOK-TOP" TIN - 60c a/so packed in Pocket Tins
from NEW YORK
e
Between New York and Cher amptou, Plymouth. Havre, way, Cobh, U Book now and take
Ix'iirg. South-Londoo, Qal
» •»
“QUEEN MARY" MAURETANIA" • AOUITANIA
“BRITANNIC” •CAmNTM'.A” “FRANCONIA” “SCYTHIA”
"SÂMAJÜÀ”
kill me
Susie and Dan coming back cut short the conversation.
"Where's Eb?" asked Pat.
"Dan said he went back to lock the tool house," Susie explained, taking her place at the table. He will be along directly."
"Ever loan that gun of yours to anyone, Dan?" asked Pat.
"Eb used It sometimes," answered the man, looking levelly at his questioner. "Why?"
"1 just wondered."
“Did he ever use "a silencer on it, Dallas?" asked Bob Steele.
f

Ui
verpooL ^
advantage of the low fares and Cunard White Star's "Choice of Routes".
Sm your own tramai agent of
tiU

r
from MONTREAL
A SCANIA”----— '
A


• ALAUNIA”
“AUSONIA
“LOTflA
CUNARD WHITE STAR
D
tar. THa
•Savor dissolve ty* in hot

DONALDfON ATLANTK LI N f
-1
Î17 Bay St (El. 3471) Teraala
’39
Issue No. 34
L
#
fit
B
4
###PAGE###3###
JUST THIRTY YEARS Thirty years ago the army acquired from the Wright brothers its first plane, an 800-pound biplane, with a twenty-five horse power engine, a 126-mile range, the remarkable speed of forty-one miles an hour, and capable of being transported in an army wagon. This month at Wright Field and throughout the country, sixteen-ton bombers, 860 mile-an-hour pursuit ships—1,600 to 2,000 military planes of all types and descriptions—flashed	across the
skies in a terrifying demonstration of power.—New York Times.
Great Ovation For Premier Mackenzie King
VOICE
of the
PRESS
Books And Y
BY
ELIZABETH EEDY
"SOARING WINGS”
A Biography of Amelia Earhart By George Palmer Putnam
The author has, at last, penned the story of his former wife, Amelia Earhart. He has performed the duty with admirable taste book records the story of what Mr. Putman, among others, believes to have been a unique personality, and it will meet the demand of a legloti of Miss Earhart # admirers.
Mr. Putnam paints a very attrao-live picture of the little girl who refused to confine herself to dolia and the like when bigger and more important adventures beckoned. This spirit remained with Earhart all her days. She was, for example, determined to do things because she felt she should, not for what might be got out of doing them. Of course, flying is the big story here. "Soaring Wings" gives a detailed account of tho birth of her desire to tackle a man-sized job and goes on to report her numerous accomplishments as a woman pilot.
She never, her husband says, saw herself as a person who would grow old. When the sea and skj closed over her last message she had had forty years of sestful youth, without apathy or complacence.
WIDE INTERESTS
Once when Thomas A. Edison was visiting Luther Burbank, the naturalist asked him to sign his guest book. In addition to a column for the names of the guests there was a\column for home addresses, another for occupations, and finally a column headed “interested in.” In this last column Edison with quickness and firmness wrote: “Everything/1—Christian Science Monitor.
Jits

“Gold Age” Relics Found In Sweden
%
Three gold circlets believed to date from A.D. 600 have been found In the western part of Central Sweden. This Is the first Important archaeological find in this district.
The period to which the circlets are attributed is known to Swedish archaeologists as the Gold Age because of the number of gold objects of similar date that have been also found, but this discovery is remarkable because of the amount of gold the circlets contain. Their fine workmanship also adds to their val-



CRIPPLING BLOW TO JAPAN
When the United States surprised the world by announcing the scrapping of the trade treaty with Japan, it took a step that can end in crippling the Japanese in China.
As the United States has been shipping to Japan the large percentage of war materials needed for the campaign in China, the stoppage of these shipments will put a crimp in the Japanese activities.
Shipments won't cease at once, because six months are supposed to elapse before abrogation of the treaty. But Japan has been served notice that the Americans, as well as the British, are getting tired of being insulted.—Windsor Star.
:U

1 '. ii



%




E

ue.
To Be Added To State Collection The ornaments were turned np from under a stone slab by the owner of a farm who may now claim the gold value of his find when It Is handed over to the State collections.

Liberals from every part of the Dominion gathered at Toronto recently to honor Prime Minister Mackenzie King at a gigantic banquet on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of Mr. King’s rise to the leadership of the Liberal party. Hon. Ernest Lapointe, minister of lust ice in the Dominion government, stood and led the cheers for Mr. King at the huge banquet tendered in his honor at the Royal York Hotel. Mr. King stood while the thousands responded to the cheer for the prime minister with the third longest term in office in the Dominion’s history.
An orchestra consisting of ‘ scientists is delighting concert ha audiences in Moecow, Russia.
3
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
foot of the cup it would be considered in. A broken line coot the caster in extra stroke while regular golf rules governed Mr. Smith’s activities with the one exception that he too could consider the ball “in” if it rolled within one foot of the hole. Reddick’s caddy carried etwo extra rods which he used for accuracy casts when within striking distance of the green.
The golfer conceded the first hole to the baitcaster when his ball bounced into the rough on his third stroke. Reddick hit the pin on his fourth cast, although the wind had greaetly affected his accuracy. The hole was .152 yards, par three.
The second hole, 349 yards par four, went to the golfer when Reddick broke his line and penalised a stroke, reaching the cup in seven. Smith cupped his ball in five. Before the contestants could finish the third hole in the five-hole match rain drove them to the shelter of the clubhouse and the argument still rages “Who would have won?”
Bi-Products
NEWS OF THE GNUS.
The superintendent of a soo rang up the editor of a local pa-“We hava some news about
HEWS
From Milk

# -7*5
per.
the gnus,” he said.
“Do you mean it’s new news?” the editor asked.
“Yes. New news about the new
:o
as
sr
PARADE
)
The Extensive Utility of Milk
u
'M
%

Many things are being made from milk quite apart from the usual dairy products. In Canada there are several factories for making casein from milk and from casein other firms make buttons, imitation Ivory, furniture glue, binder for paints, slsings and many other commodities.
One factory buys whole milk, skims it and makes butter from the creams. The skim milk Is used In casein; the lactose, or milk sugar. Is used as a supplement In baby foods; the albumen is separated out and being rich in protein and Vitamin C, is used as an animal col centrale. In fact all that is left when this firm is done with milk le water.
Gnus.”
“But,” protested te editor slightly emharassed, “all new is new.”
“Oh, we have some old gnus here,” came tha answer. “But I want to give you some new gnu news about the new gnus that the old gnus have just got.”
“Will you please write it?” suggested the puzzled editor, “and send it in?”
The superintendent complied and this is what he submitted: “I was trying to give you some gnu news about our two old gnus that have some baby gnus. Both the old gnus and the new gnus are doing very well.—Brantford Exposi-

EARL BALDWIN OF BEWDLEY: The former Prime Minister of England, Earl Baldwin of Bewdley, arrived In New York *ast week to attend the World Congress on Education for Democracy at Teachers' College, Columbia University. At a special convocation Lord Baldwin received an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws from Columbia.
On his arrival he was asked many questions by members of the press. The seventy-two-year-old statesman stressed the Importance of education for democracy, saying "no democracy can survive unless the masses of the people have it In their minds that democracy Is worth living for as well as worth dying for.”
Lord Baldwin would not comment on immediate prospects of war, except to observe that the eueetlon of war or peace rests In the hand# of one man . . . Hitler . . . whom he described as “a man with a great brain . . . and quite abnormal."
V


7V
WP
* •
/>
» •


/ x
he
tor
$

V
tor.
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
NEAR OBSOLETE More and more, the word “obey” is being deleted from the feminine half of the marriage vows. That term has been accorded as much respect as an international treaty.—Kitchener Record.


9-Z
Woman should put in an eight-hour day *f her job, whether it be just looking beautiful for her husband, a well known New York dress designer believes. “If she has to cook, keep house and bring up children, she should take pride in doing it. If she is wealthy and her business is only to be beautiful and make a delightful hostess, she should apply equally stern standards to that job,” she said.
iayS&yVt 5r-
T (’Copyright, \
By VIC BAKER
jz*

*T could have sworn I put it right here.'*
BAITCASTER VS. GOLFER
Maybe it’s the heat, but this seems to be the time of the year for all screwball bets and screwy contests. The latest of these current cut-ups, which should be of interest to anglers and golfers, consisting of a contest in which Dave Reddick, Ontario all-round casting champion, pitted his artistry with the rod and reel against the prowess of Stanley Smith, golfer.
The occasion for the unique experiment was the Montreal Electrotypers and Engravers annual golf field day at the St. Johns,
Quebec, golf course. The plans called for a contest between Reddick and the winner of the low gross in the tourney in a five-hole match under the rules and conditions outlined below.
At first it looked like a very interesting contest. Stanley Smith, who won the low gross honours, is a pretty fair golfer while Reddick has cast over 280 feet in competition and, when there is no wind prevailing, usually can	average
240 feet per cast Unfortunately, rain which swept the Montreal district forced a halt to	the odd	.	— IBI
match after only two holes had	I	|lH
been played, each man	winning	I
Efficient Royal Air Force Bombers
SPAIN'S SUPPORT TO ITALY "MORAL": Recent news leads us to believe that reports that Spain Is already In the axis camp are doubtful. The elaborate celebration attending Italian Foreign Minister Count Ctano's recent visit to Spain was more an indication of Franco’s gratitude for Italian help during the civil war than an Indication of his willingness to sign an ironclad military agreement. Since Clano’s return Italian diplomats have confided to Intimates that about the best now hoped for is "moral support" to case of war, and a workable trade agreement which would Insure Italy raw materials.
X
W

V
:



'iïdifèt BEE HlVê

¥ »






sa*
»




N









?
a
m






THE BRITISH WAY: Lord Maug ham, British Lord Chancellor, and Lady Maugham arrived In Canada last week, Lord Maugham to attend Ae annual convention of the Canadian Bar Association at Quebec. In an Interview he gave a trite picture of "the British way.” He said, "The European situation Is nothing to get frantic about. Of course. In England each day seems to bring a new crisis. However we’ve learned not to become excited. We just keep preparing.” “As a matter of fact he added, "trade is exceptionally bright considering all things. It Is true that commercial industry has given many of Its best workers and mechanics to the cause of preparedness, but business Is well able to carry on without noticeable effect.”
I


I If
' eh
% 4




*






%
f

V

¥
* *

ON








*
il
Ixdvs/ve to
one.
P»J

Reddick used a baitcasting outfit and a % ounce plug. His casts the fairways were measured to the point where the plug stopped moving and on the green* where the plug struck the green. It was decided that if he hit within one
m

I



on
rf|
In a gigantic test of efficiency of the counter-offensive striking power of the Royal 1,300 high-speed aircraft, as well as land defenses, took part in war games over Loi south coasts of England. An aerial attack view of Anson bombers of “Eastland”, shown here winging their way to their base on the south coast
I Air Force, more ndon and the east the attacking force, fs
than
ana

kJJm
By GENE BYRNES
“GANDHI'S EXPERIMENT": Last February, on the insistence of Ma katma Gandhi’s powerful puritanic U Congress party a liquor law was passed by the Rom bay Legislature. Gandhi regards drink along with industrialism ... as one of India’s chief problems.
~ This month the formal introduction of prohibition resulted in ban dreds of extra police squads patrolling the streets of Bombay, enforcing order and law (especially the new law). Along with the enforcement of prohibition a great propaganda campaign to popularise It got under way. Special stamps showing a snake twined around a liquor bottle and dripping poison were Issued. Anti-drink labels were put on 14,000,000 match boxes, f
\
REG’LAR FELLERS—Sauce for the Gander

XS&N »
r HERE
XW
HE 3 DONE IT > FOR US LOTSA TIMES / VZE
66TSS/
Y / I'M an hour
FORMWORK 7ïHETE

jftouilth'ih


>
TV


i

A

ml. (
!»
•j
rj

/
/
65%

y
m
V
1

I
II

L
(
S
V i
26
###PAGE###4###

When U. S. Doughboy» Met England’s King George V
King George V possessed that priceless gift—a sense of humor. He enjoyed a good story and, what is more, could tell one. often against himself. When President and Mrs Wilson were his guests at Buckingham palace—on their historic visit to London at the end of 1918—there was an informal family dinner at the palace the first evening, which. Mrs Wilson says (in her lively autobiography, "My Memoir**) she ‘‘had dreaded as a difficult meal,** but which “went off mçrrrîy" after the ice had been broken by the President telling a “good story.*' (Mrs. Wilson doesn't give her husband's story.)
“The king responded with several that concerned our doughboys, who seemed to have delighted him,*' she adds. “One of these I give as nearly as I can in his own words." He said:
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 31, 1939
Here They Are, Our First
Shur-Cain Feeds
“MOTORIST" Dim Your Lights
Motorist, lower your beams, or to > p Nik more plainly dim your light a,” is the gist of au appeal by the Province of Quebec Safety League to drivers. A new law now in force in the state of New York, compelling automobilUts to switch to the lower beam when a vehicle approaching from ahead is within 500 feet prompts the league to remind drivers of the often violated article 3, section 2, of our own provincial motor vehicle act which stipulates in part that “when two motor vehicles meet on a public highway the glare of lights in iront must be so reduced in strength as not to dazzle or blind the person driving the motor vehicle coming in the opposite direction.” MggÊÈÊ##
Directors ot the League||HHH
our to have an amendment added to this article and have instructed secretary Arthur Gaboury to write Major E. C. Girouard, director of provincial highway police, to this end. Proposed amendment would prohibit using of upper beams, at night, in lighted areas where there is sufficient illumination to make visible, objects or persons some 200
According to reliable statistical data, more than one third of the glaring headlight accidents occur in city streets or lighted areas adjacent t hereto.
While it is true the League recognizes, that glaring headlights are responsible for fewer accidents than sufficient illumination, they nevertheless remain one of the major causes of night accidents.
Glaring headlights are more hazardous in this province than elsewhere, because of the tremendous number of unlighted horse drawn vehicles. A motorist, taking a cm ve at a rather fair speed is bound to be blinded by the glare of an automobile coming towards him, and occupying a similar position at the other end of the curve, and completely fail to see any farm waggon proceeding in front of him in complete darkness, this rig being momentarily out of his beam path, travelling on the right hand side in the most pronounced part of the curve.1 The result is a tripple collision causing serious injury md considerable damage.
Buick
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
N
»
i
*
x
$2.10
Fattening Mash For chickens
Hog Grower...........
Pig Starter, ....
\
1.90
v
\
Fence
Requirements
2.25
For Your

“I went to France and to one of the sectors near the front where many of the Americans were billeted with our troops who were standing in line for me to review them. As 1 went up and down the line I was followed by many of your boys and I saw them staring at me. Finally I heard one say to another: ‘Who is that bug?* And the other said: ‘Why, man, that's the king of England.’ And the first shrugged his shoulders and said: ‘Hell! Where's his crown?
Mrs. Wilson says the king added:
“I did not at all mind being called a ‘bug,’ but I hated to think that I was expected to review my men with a crown on my head.”
will endeav
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC’O-
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
NOTICE
Early New York Silver
It Distinctive, Plentiful
The silver made by New York silversmiths of the late Seventeenth and first half of the Eighteenth centuries is distinctive and plentiful. Therefore, it is surprising that it las not attracted the intensive study and books of description long given o the work of the Boston craftsmen )f the same period, says “American Collector.”
Enough specimens of the work of fully a half hundred New Yorkers or this span of three-quarters of a entury are available to. illustrate lot one but several books, and them must be a wealth of biographical naterial concerning these craftsmen vdden in old records and cbntempo-ary writings just waiting to b: mined.
Just as it is always impressive tc consider the quantities of fine silver r.ade in Boston during the first pe vlod of its history, that produced by ;he New York silversmiths is equal ;y impressive. But much of that made by the Bostonians either immediately or within a generation was duly presented to some one of the Massachusetts churches and became part of its communion plate
The New Yorkers, on the other hand, chiefly made p eces for family use and these were steadfastly so kept. In fact, to find a piece of early New York silver with an inscription showing it was set aside for church use is as rare as it is common with that of Boston origin.
Both communities began early to have their silversmiths and in each the number of pieces made, judging by what has survived, must have been large indeed. Both New York and Boston had many merchants whose shipping and trading inter ests brought them ample means, so that they could indulge in the luxury of household silver, particularly that concerned with eating and drinking. In Boston, of course,.the silversmiths followed the Enghsh tradition in design and ornamentation. It was different with New York.
feet ahead
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the Estate of Joseph Beaulieu, late of the Township of Clarendon, Farmer, will not be liable for any bills or accounts incurred by Bernard Beaulieu without the written authorization of the Executrix of the said Kittle previously given in writing.
Shaw ville, Que, August 25th, 1939.
Gertrude Aubin,
787-A Qucrbes Avenue, Outremont, Que.
Executrix Estate Joseph Beaulieu.
I ft
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
Brain Fatigue? Not for
Children of School Age
it is probably next to impossible for a boy or girl to overwork the brain during school years.
Such is one of the conclusions of a report on child development prepared for the National Education association by Dr Charles D. Flory, professor of education at Lawrence college. Wis.
When a child enters school, Dr. Flory says, the brain is about 93 per cent its maximum size. It can hardly be looked upon as an immature organ in the process of growth. At the age of 12. however, the heart is only half the mature size and will still be growing in the twentieth year
Teachers. Dr Flory stresses, should keep these differential growth rates in mind The growing heart needs careful protection, he says "from oveizealous coaches who use athletics to win games for the school rather than to develop pupils. The lungs, unlike the heart, are in little danger of overexertion, since their development stems to keep pace with the strains they receive.”
Girls, he says, are relatively more mature than boys at every age from birth to maturity, and can be subjected to quite different schedule* This is especially true, he says, in respect to skeletal development, where “the sex difference is about one year at school entrance, about two years at entrance to the junior high school, and at least one year to 18 months during the high school period.
J. Ij. HODGIN8
Phone 64 J.
NOTICE
ixixtx'xixixixixix'x'xixixvixix’xix'x ziytziz z
y
Notice to Ratepayers of Examination .of Collection Roll

fl9/3JEI3JBlBJ3/ST
Province of Quebec | School Munr.pality of Clarendon
DALE’S TINSHOP
i
»
PUBLIC NOTICE Is hereby given
to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this School Municipality, that the collection roll of school taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my l possession for inspection by partieslinterested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may. during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consider a lion and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the 4th day of October. 1939, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of eight o’clock in the evening ; (butgsucb delay expired, it shall come into] force and every person interested, after hiving taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within ihe twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further notice.
Given at Shawville, Que., this 29th day of August, 1939.
Britain to End Uncertainty Will Fight If Poland Attacked
Great Britain’s “showdown” message to Fuehrer Hitler was said authoritatively on Tuesday to contain a fiat warning that a German threat to Polish independence would find Great Britain and France “fighting from the first day on the side of Poland. ’
Strictest silence was maintained about other angles of the communication handed the German leader in Berlin by the British Ambassador, S> Nevile Render-
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
BEATTY RUMPS
We carry
a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
son
Its general tone was described in usually reliable quarters, however, as aimed at putting a definite end to Euro l*an uncertainties—preferably by negotiation, but by war if Hitler should choose that course.
The British Government’s message was drafted in its final form at a 50-minute Cabinet meeting and was later flown to Berlin by Sir Nevile Henderson.
The impression in circles close to the government was that the British message re stated London’s policy in terms which left the choice entirely up to Hitler.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
I	Insular Possession	I	JOHN A. DEAN Sleak Finland Celebrates
Lmsï.srïSrïïiïr.ïïS:	now., d., e.*
are parts of states and territories	School Municipality of Clarendon. It is so common to think of Finland the latter include Hawaii and		- -¦ _____-- - — isnd as a bleak and barren land of
the Alaskan islands) are: The Phil- I	the north that many visitors are
ssr55Rg«t;	ssssa
Guam. Wake island and the Mid- Spanish Took It AS Salute Finnish holidays. It is a day when way islands. In addition several Unaware that our country was at a11 Helsinki turns out to celebrate score of uninhabited islets and rocks war with Spain, the inhabitants of and the city is literally covered with :n the South Pacific have been taken the island of Guam, now our west- thousands of geraniums, hydrail-over from time to time as American emmost outpost in the Pacific, were 8e?s». fuchsias, pansies, violets and dependencies, while they were be- surprised when the U. S. S. Charles- poppies. Housewives fill their wining worked for phosphates by Amer- Mon steamed into Apra harbor or dows with flower pots and hang ican citizens. The United States also a June day in 1898. The cruiser, wreathes ot brightly colored blos-has military rights to certain islands accompanied by three troop trans- som» oyer their doors, while the of the Panama and Nicaragua canal Ports, was en route to join Dewey ;	students and school chil-
protectorate*/ ïndeî	tme° 'Tdden* '' iTcCSrton com-	markedly l.Vish flora!
mmmmmmrnmm
.Tc«d . prompt	o,
bration. The anthem is nearly a hundred years old now, and is dear to the heart of every Finn. Its words tell of the indomitable spirit of Finland in overcoming her natural poverty:
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
ESTABLISHED 1888
August 23rd, 1939
Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present, Chairman Hod-gins, and Commissioners Hobbs and Walsh.
Minutes of last meeting read and on motion of Comr Walsh were approved.
Mr. J. Bergeron appeared at the Board at the request of Inspector McArthur, to explain the need of a new system of sanitary toilets for our rural schools, the matter was fully discussed but in view of the fact that two of the C ommissioners were absent, no action was taken but was left over to the regular meeting in September.
Tenders for caretaking were opened and the following were awarded on
Sit %" ^	I
Alvin Rmun	slavia, their symbolical significance	ed toward the Charleston. It bore
CUnd • Flfiiit	! of the “new life” is emphasized in	an emissary from Governor Don
«	1 a*	T .wrnnnp	a prâctical manner: gathered amid	Juan Mariana, who offered profuse
«	touu» u -, *	i fun and laughter they are early	apologies to Captain Glass for not
“	Timnia> Miimkir E*ster Monday placed under hens acknowledging the “salute,” due to
mm * *
Motion b, Com, WaUh, that the	chance of rearm, (amilie,
following bills be paid :
Hod gins Lumber Co, supplies $ 3 20 Leslie Dale, furnace and "	117 901
Irvine Swartz, work at High
School .............
Arthur Tarrieff, window poles
for H igh School....
—Carried.	I
Motion by Comr Hobbs, that our schools re-open Tuesday, September 6th.
—^Carried. ,
Motion by Comr Walsh to adjourn.
INVALID
COACH
GEORGES HYNES & SON
3ireot»rs of Puaoral Service
Shawville.Que.
Phone 80
Beattie’s Eye Service
44
" 2. “ 3.
“ 5.
14
44
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to so* as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientist, Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
•4
“Our land is poor, as all can teU.
For those who seek but gold."
The visitor is bound to admit that if the country has little gold in its hills it suffers from no lack of golden buttercups, marigold, and nasturtiums upon their surface. For in addition to the boatloads of cultivated cut flowers which are sold any spring or summer morning in the famous marketplace in Helsinki, the rural fields and woods are full o2 gay wild blossoms from May till
Under a flag of truce a naval of It is a curious fact that with all fleer and an escort of U. S. marines, his love for flowers of every kind commanded by Lieut. J. H. Myers, the modem Finn seldom sends any landed the next day. The governor at all to a funeral. A movement showed no disposition to yield. The has been under way for several parley threatened to end in a dead years which provides a home for lock. As a mark of courtesy the the aged from contributions made marines stiffened to their formal by those who, instead of buying flow-with rifles held
front of their straight bodies and their eyes fixed on the governor.
U
h*
thereupon informed the governor’s envoy of the true state of affairs __ *	_	, and advised him that he would send
Native Flint Disks	his executive officer ashore the next
The largest smgie cache ever	to accept an official surrender
found in America of flint discs fash-	1 ¦	1	1
ioned by prehistoric men has been placed on exhibition in the hall of North American archeology at Field Museum of Natural History at Chicago. They come from the famous Hopewell mounds of Ohio, and have been installed as nearly as possible in the same position in which they were left by the early Indian inhabitants of the region.
25 75
2 00
T.T. BEATTIE, Prof•••!•¦• I Opt
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
ers for a funeral, send their money to the foundation in charge of the project.
J. A Dean,
Trea
>0
A88B
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
Shàwvii.lk Unitkd Church Rev à. F. Pokes B. A.* B.D. Putor
Sunday, September 9
11.00 â.m. Service at Sbawville
1.30 p.m.—Evening Service at Zion
3.00 p.en.—Service at Stark’s Corners
7,30 p. m.—Service at Sbawville
Please notice thtt evening services ut Sbawville aie being resumed to which all are invited to come.

The Equity
PRINTING
mUkllikH IMS
PCBMUHKD EVKBY TW V BSD AT At
SHAWV1LLE. QUEBEC
The Hoad Back
To School
ii
II
r i
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. II 60 To United States.... 2.00
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Summer nearly over, holidays almost done, the great problem is getting ready for school.
After a strenuous vacation, your boys and girls will require new outfits for school opening.
»
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Bbihtol United Church
C. Armstrono-Salbh, B, D.
Sunday, September 3
St. Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m “	“ Service	11.00 a. m
Austin,
w. o. COWAN. PUBLISHER
8 30 p. m Sunday School 10.30 a. m
7.30 p. m
Service
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Farm for Sale
Service
Two hundred and fifty acre# of land, more or lean, "n the wventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Sbawville. One hundred actes in hush. For further particular* apply to
EDWARD H. MEE,
» Shawville, Que.
ANGLICAN St. Paul'*
Sunday, Srptember 3
Boys Tweed Pants, longs, sizes 30 to 3t $1.39 to $1.50 Youths “
r
75 to 95 eta
44 shorts, 44 28 to 30
Holy Communion
8.00	a. m
10.00	a. m —Sunday School
11.00	a. m—Holy Communion 7 90 p. m.—Evening Prayer
“ 28 to 34	$1.25 to $1.30
$1.49
Boys Breeks,
“ heavy whip cord 30 to 34
II
St. Luke’s
Farm for Sale
1.00	p. m.—Sunday School
1.30	p. m. -Holy Communion
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. m.—Sunday School
3.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. Hugh Mortimer, in charge Sunday, September 3
10.30—Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer
2.30—	North Onsiow^Evening Prayer
7.30—	Charter!#, Evening Prayer.
!
25 to 49 cts.
35 “ 25 “ 29 “
Boys Golf Hose........
Girls	Fine Lisle Hose
“	Ribbed Hose
t,--,-**	Silk Hose.,..,.
“	Crepe Hose..........................'
“	Full fashioned, semi-service, pure silk
Hose .... • ....................
• • •
Well Improved Farm, being Lot U the 4th Range of the Township of
Clarendon,,containing 00 acre» more or
le#», four miles south of Shawvide. For further articular# apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
" R. R. No. S,
Sbawville, Que.
• Ml
on
• ••Mill
• MMM

• •••••••
59 “
69 “
“ Full fashioned, Chiffon Hose, pure silk 69 “
If you are leaving home to attend College going to school elsewhere, and require baggage ; see our window display of high-class baggage, Trunks, Suit Oases, Club Bags, Overnight Oases Wardrobe Trunks, etc.
Girls all-wool pullover sweaters, assorted colors,
good quality .................
Boys and Youths sweaters and pullovers
Girls School Oxfords, brown or black Boys School Oxfords,
Misses School Oxfords
Scribbler?, Pencils. Ink, Fountain Pens and
all School requirements
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Phone Si- M
Record Crop of Peach#» to Ontario and British Colombia
First Gas Mask Made
By Londoner in 1354
It has just been discovered by the Bulletin of the Imperial Institute that the first practical gas mask was invented by a Dr. Stenhouse in 1,154. hnd its manufacture placed in he hands of the instrument makers of St Bartholomew's hospital, London It was intended for physicians and nurses as a protection against air communicable diseases. On a back shelf of the hospital museum, what is believed to be the only specimen in existence was found.
In a thin copper sheet, padded with velvet and shaped to cover the nose and mouth, were inset two fine wire gauzes, one-eighth inch to one-quarter inch apart, with charcoal between. The respirator was held in position by a stout elastic band passing round the back of the head, and was designed “to absorb and destroy any miasmata or infectious particles present in the air in the case of fever and cholera hospitals, and of districts infected with ague, yellow fever and similar diseases/1
Dr. Stenhouse also suggested that “persons living in pestiliferous areas might make their houses as airtight as possible/' and admit air only through charcoal filters.
“It is a pity/' the Bulletin comments, “that so much valuable work should have been overlooked in the period of emergency which arose some 60-odd years later, during the early part of the World war/'
new
or
Bumper crops of peaches are being ked this season in Ontario and British Columbia. A preliminary estimate pi ices the 1939 crop in Ontario at more than 650,000 bushels, a 15 per cent, in crease over 1938 crop, which was a good one, and in British Columbia at 143, 000 bushels, 10 per cent more than last tear. This year's peaches, now on the market, arc of the very highest quality, for conditions have been particularly favourable for producing large, luscious
fruit.	. .	.
Canadian peaches can be bought now
and until the end of September are sold in Canada by grade, the grades in the order of quality and si*? being—Select No. 1, No. 8 or Domestic, and No. 3 The grade mark is planely indicated the basket or other container
pic
USED CARS
>
'%$SXS%3
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage 1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.

s.yvvyvvs yys.sss.s \
89 cts. to $1.00
I
44
69 to 89 Cts.
59 to 69 Cts.
$1.98 $1.95 to $2.50 $1.49 to $1.69
4 I
44	44
on
G. A. Howard & Son
Strong Boo Colonies Required tor Winter
To ensure strong colonies of young bees for the winter, C. B. Gooderbam, Dominion Apiarist, gives the following advice to Canadian bee keepers : Replace all old or unprolific queens during the latter part of the clover flow, and remember that during the fall and first preparations must be made for next year. Every colony should be supplied with (1) a prolific queen in time to produce enough bees for winter ; (i) sufficient room for maximum bro^d production ; (3) plenty rf stores to feed
the oncoming brood, and (4) adtquate
production from cold winds.
Ford Dealers
grocery department
Quebec
Shaw ville,
Liundry Soap, like mother used to make, large 1 lb. bar d for 19c
Oatmeal Toilet Soap, for the complexion, per bar....... 5c
English Bath Soap, large bar, 4 for....
Toasted Prairie Nut», giant size ... ••••;¦
Coffee, ground while yon wait. It*
25c
23c
25c
a winner
Ben n
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Japan Tea
w-	“yiTSS-it”ïïï" b~3::z
pound, but while present stock lasts we will the old pi ice of 35 cte. per pound or 3
Ten which* as about 8 cts. per continue to sell at pounds for $1 00
Monuments in Marble.and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
" as you like it " Cheese
Chateau Package. Chateau whole tiny, Oka Strong, and genuine Blue Danish Roque-
R Old Letters Sometimes B Carry Valuable Stamps
N One frequently hears stories of 3 rare stamp finds in old accumula-H lions of mail. Usually the stories 3 are not very well authenticated.
H There must be some interesting Q items still hidden away, but most old N desks and trunks of letters have been pretty well ransacked by juN venile collectors.
3 Still, if you are so fortunate as to 5 have an attic in the family, it would
3	be interesting to have a look at the
4	old letters. It might possibly pay.
3 Should you find a five-cent brown
N stairtp of the year 1861 with the-!j head of Jefferson on it, which some-3 one forgot to use, you will never
5	again scold Aunt Emma for saving j old papers. The stamp is cala-ij logued at $2,250.
j A one-cent indigo of the same vin; tage (head of Franklin) is worth $3,500, while an unused 12-cent black (head of Washington) calls for $7,000. But they must be the first issue of this series, which was on very thin paper. Later ones are on thick paper and are low in value.
Maybe there is a New Haven, Conn., stamped envelope of 1845, a five-cent blue stamp on a buff envelope—one of those tiresome letters of advice Great-Great-Aunt Hetty used to write to her nephews. Her advice was valuable:	that
stamped envelope is worth $10,000! —Commentator.
Cheese
New local CUeese,
Beau inert Cream
“with the wishers.
Everything for Pickling and Preserving
EESEhESi-..
fort
Every purebred breeder of sheep, re gardless of breed is anxious to produce as many XXX ran lambs as possible All expect a few XX but none want culls, according to A. A. MacMillan,
Production Service, Dominion Depart-
ia a distinct ¦ to have to in the sea-
Phone. 278
40c
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
60c
nient of Agriculture loss for any purebred breeder sell X grade ram lambs late i son, because, besides not having a sale^ able product from the standpoint of breeding usefulness, be suffers a loss due to the market cut on buck lambs after July 3rd, and the cut is still heavier after October 2nd, in each year.
In Canada roost of the ram lambs are placed for breeding purposes as lambs rather than as yearlings. The import ance of breeding purebred ewes earlier has been emphasized, iri order that ilie lambs would be born earlier and have more development th in ordinary grade iommerci.il lambs by Septeml*r October. In recent jears there has been a steadily improving market outlet for early lambs during June, July and August. Consequently, these are the months when breeders who have cull I » n rebred lambs should take advantage ¦ good market to sell their undesir-
mKbreeding stock.	|	' .
Most breeders wlH be drenching their ewes and lambs for International para aites in July or-early in August, and since this operation necessitates the handling of every ewe as well as the lambs, it is a comparatively easy matter to go over the ram lambs at this time for breed character anJ conformation and mark those that should be sold for slaughter. The weight and finish can be ascertained as well, and, if advisable, the ewes with undesirable Iambs can be
where the
L It it
MacLean’s
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Roy G. ‘Fraser
Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
or
School
Supplies
Flowers, Gifts,
Pickling and Preserving Necessities
Phone 160
Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
44 pints
of a
able
$1.00
44
44
Inks,
Pens,
Pencils,
Scribblers,
Note Books. Fountain Pens, Eversharpfc Pencils
44
25 Ct9.
44
44
Zink Rings
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect $5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
06 “
44
44

Rubber Rings XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gal 40 “
Picklirg Spice, 4 oz. pkg

On
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
10 “
On orders of
05 “ 10 44 28 "
2 44 44
44
44

Mustard, pure, bulk, | lb. Keen’s Mustard,
tin
44 44
R PRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
put in a separate pasture w lambs can be given extra feed I II usually good practice at this season of the year to place the entire #*k on better feed so that all the lambs, particularly the ram lambs, can be developed to weigh around 100 pound* by September let. Most of the complaints received from purchasers of graded ram lain! have been with releren	lack of
development based on weights of lees thftB 1 0 pounds when head up the grade flock.
55 44
4 44 44
44
44
15 44
Parawax, per pound
Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed, Cassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
the corner store
awd 11 p m
Estate Mrs M. C. Howard
Main end Centre Sts
•HAWV1LL1.
SHAWVILLE FAIR September 28, 29, 80
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
/
###PAGE###6###
‘Hefei Tew” Pictures Enjoyed ky Canadien Girls
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
&ia nleel'e L
Modern
Etiquette

BY ROBERTA LEEf
*

fl
fej
Isn't an envious person un-
1

popular?
2.	— Should a girl ever send a gift to a man whom she likes?
3.	—Who is usually the last one to make a speech at a public dinner?
w

it
\ A



If

attendant#
4.—How
A
<4
ninny
should a widow have at her second marriage?
5.—When playing golf and there is a foursome just ahead of you, how long should you wait before driving?

f
0
'\
U
$
i
Y

f
»
f DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
à
When serving ten tio guest* where tables arc not provided, shouldn't cne avoid serving anything that requires the use of a fork ?
(1

t
“When 1 compare the at.v.e of
our armed forces and our ability
to resist attaek nt* it is today with what it was only a year ago, I feel wc can face the future with calm confidence in our growing strength.”—Prime Minister Cham» berlain.
graph is clean. let it dry natur ally.

gg$
I
silk
Q.—How cnn I prevent from cracking or becoming hard?
Always press it under a piece of damp muslin, using a moderately hot iron, until the muslin is quite dry.
»
Answers
s
1
An old Latin

mi#
nories of the recent royal tour of Canada were recalled by the party of 30 Canadian school girls who at present visiting England, when they visited the exhibition of royal tour pictures at 9t. James Palace.
fj
in o y si||||||||||||||||||l!l|!llll||||||||||||||
proverb says, “He who envies another admits his own inferiority.” And, of course, it is difficult for an inferior person to become popu-
2.	—Not unless she is engaged to be married to this man, and then the only gifts necessary are at Christmas and on his birth-
3.	— The guest of honor, or the most prominent person present, who is seated at the toastmaster's right, is usually asked to speak last. 4.—Never more than one attendant and more often
5.—Wait until all four of
A

lar
parity of the digestive tract grows weaker. Many symptoms of senility, hitherto regarded as manifestations of on inevitable physiological pocess, he believes, are but a result of the body not keeping up with its requirement# in vitamins, which must be supplied in greater amounts with the advance of the years.
Prevention Rather Than Cure
What Science

^ZE .
'ftLZVW0^'
day
/
ave Yon Heard
Same accidents in the home can be prevented easily—thus saving the harassment of a domestic accident and the pain of the cure. One such accident which is fairly frequent among women is the painful hammering of a thumb when trying to hammer in a nail ! Here is a scheme to prevent such a crushing possibility! Next time you are ready to do odd jobs about the house which involve hammering in of nails try sticking the nail through a piece of stout cardboard and holding it with this— “mis hits” arc then harmless, and your thumb remains whole!

is
Doing
%
$
none
the players ahead of you are too far away for your drive to interfere
avoid the fork
X
—O
CHEAPER PLASTIC
À plastic compound made from the lignin and cellulose of sugar sane bagasse, one of the country’s portant agricultural waste products. has been manufactured by chemists of the United States Department of Agriculture at the Agricultural By-Products Laboratory, Ames, Iowa, estimate that this new compound be manufactured for less than half the cost of the cheapest synthetic plastic compounds now on the market.
!
The Wrong Note
A new governor was paying his first visit to a%Gold Coast town.
Two banners greeted him. The first read: “Welcome to our new Governor.” The second was : “God help our Administration.”
On another occasion, when the King and Queen, then Duke and Duchess of York, visited Mauritius, they expressed regret that they couldn't stay more than three days in the island. A local paper printed “stay” as “stand".
NEW METALLIC COMPOUND
Discovery of a new metallic compound capable of cutting and smoothing the toughest metals and harder than the hardest steel used to manufacture tools was reported to the American Chemical Society by Philip M. McKenna of the McKenna Metals Company, Latrobe, Pa. The material is obtained by heating tungsten, titanium and carbon in crucibles of pure graphite. the mixture being heated in a bath of molten nickei to a temperature of 2.000 degrees for a prolonged period. The new compound is only 0.2 softer than a diamond, the hardest substance known; and is expected, because of its ability to retain a «harp cutting edge at high temperatures, to increase the speed with which stainless steels can be machined, thus resulting in considerable economics in manufacture.

0.—Yee; it is better to
How Can I ?


The chemists
V
BY ANNE ASHLEY
I
can
Bn
The Right Idea
Q.—How can I keep grapes fresh for a long time?
A.—Cut a circular piece out of a pumpkin or gourd, large enough to insert the hand. Clean out the interior thoroughly, place ripe grapes inside, and replace the cover securely. Keep in a cool place, and the grapes will keep fresh for a long time.	,
Q.—How can I mend broken marble?
A.—To mend broken marble, stick the pieces together after applying Portland cement and water which have been mixed into a very stiff paste.
Q.—How can I treat tired nerves?
A.—Heat some milk to the scalding point, add a little salt, and drink it as hot as possiblec. This is also a sleep producer.
Q.—How can I clean a soiled photograph ?
A.—Sponge it very lightly with a cloth wrung from warm water containing a little ammonia. Another method is to moisten some absorbent cotton with alcohol and rub very gently until the photo-
An Austrian baron of royal blood, just arrived in Canada and planning to be a farmer, announces that though he fought on the German side in the last war, "I will tight for the English people this war, if it comes. It will fight for Great Britain because I know I will be fighting on the side which stands for the rights of people; I shall be on the right side.”
Canada can do with a lot of newcomers who feel like this.
—o
Whirs the fitare of Ttfemfeo ?
---0
Ceel
According to • writer a girl who is clever with her needle
How does it work ? Are the images clear? Are the sat» easy to operate ? How far can it be broadcast ? The Canadian National Exhibition this year offers you tho first public demonstration» of Television in Canada. Superintended by R.C.A.
Victor engineers the demonstration covers all phases of television. You can see people actually being televised. It's really an historic occasion ... don't miss it !
VITAMINS AND OLD AGE
Evidence that senility and other symptoms of old age are accompanied by typical signs of vitamin deficiency was presented recently by Professor L. A. Cherkes, director of the Odessa Institute of Nutrition. U S S R. Experiments on ima 1 s and numerous observa-patients showed, he reported, that the processes taking place on teeth and hones in old age do not differ in anything from those resulting from a deficiency of vitamins in the organism observations have led Professor Cherkes to conclude that the digestive tract not only absorbs vitamins from food but also transforms a number of inactive food components into active vitamins. As the body grows older this ca-
can make a charming summer
frock for naxt to nothing. And in a heat wave that’s probably how she'll wear it.
z
Dear Daddy dear!
Little Mary; “Let's be pals, Daddy, dear.”
Daddy: “Certainly, my deu.”
Little Mary: “Well, how about dumping out the cod liver oil, palsy walsy?”
ns on
To the farmer and prospective settler, the Animal Husbandry Division of the Experimental Farms Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, offers the results of many years experience, accruing from the maintenance of approximately 8,000 head of livestock on the Dominion Experimental Farms and Stations in different parts of every province of Canada.
BRINGS INSTANT EASI
from
The
Advance Ticket Sale: 171 Bey Street, WA 2226; Moodey'e, 90 King St West. EL 109A
Elwood A. Hushes Ueucrsl Manner
Definition
Economy means keeping away from the neighbours instead of keeping up with them.
George Brlgden President
I

CANADIAN NATIONAL
9

L
The latest U.S. church device for “raising the wind" is what a religious paper describes as “some collection box.” The inventor hails from Oklahoma. If a member of the congregation drops in a twen-ty-five-cent piece or a coin of a larger value, there is silencee. If it is a ten-cent piece a bell rings, a five-cent piece sounds a whistle, and a cent fires back a blank cartridge. If any one pretends to be asleep when the box passes, it awakens him with a watchman's ratye, and a camera takes hie portrait
I
?
AUG. 25 TORONTO SEPT. 9
1
*
M*
r

I
Classified....
Advertising..

m:w furniture for s^i.e
AGENTS WANTED
n

SAVE 20% on MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse la stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE we save an average of 20% ana pass this big saving on to yôu. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid. Write us to-day. Valuable premiums given for sending customers to us. McKenna Furniture Co., Limited 526 Bay Street. Toronto.
RURAL MAN WITH CAR TO SELL oil among Farmers. Threshers, Truckers. Splendid opportunity. Write British Lubol Company. 676 Bay Street. Toronto._________________
• e ••• • •
• t
• • • •
V
y°UR OPp

ARTICLES FOR SALE
EDUCATIONAL
*
°*TUNITY
OUlLTINa PATCHES. FINEST Assortment five pounds for one dollar, postage paid. E. Pullan Ltd., 480 Adelaide Street West. Toronto.
ro VISIT
ENROLL NOW FOR YOUR FALL course of study. Ask us about our Practical Advertising course. Complete your Matriculation 'The CCC Way.” Canadian Correspondence College, 501 Ryrle Bldg. Toronto. Ont. Established 1902.
Really
“It’s nice to see you again,
old man; 1 thought you were
deti,”
“Oh! Why?”
• Well, IV.
I
NEW LIFE FOR OLD HAIR
BABY CHICKS

LOOK 10 Y ns. YOUNGER. NATURelle Hair Restorative — restores grey or faded hair to its natural color—stainlesH supply
Hair Reeorative, 10. Box Ü73, Toronto.
II ADEN HENS
PULLETS ALL AGES, healthy birds raised on range. Barred Rocks. New Hampshire Reds. White Leghorns. Also
Baden Electric
GOOD
free
heard several people speak well of you late-
I
FREE SILKY ENLARGEMENT
for six weeks send $1.00 Naturelle
ly
MOUNTED IN EASEL BACK mount with every roll received and 8 deckle edge Velox prints 25c. 10 reprints 25c. Your favourite snapshot mounted In leatherette frame 39c. Royal Photo Service, Box 6, Station F, Toronto.
yearling hens Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden Ontario.	___________
Mapped Out
L lit le Donald, aged six: “Mother, I’m going to work hard at this school and get a scholarship to Jack's school. And then I'm going to get a scholarship to the Grammar School. Then I shall get a scholarship to Oxford; and after I have finished at Oxford, I am going to drive a motor hue.”
ONTARIO
LAKE SHORE PROPERTY FcK sale on Skeleton Lake, good «and beach, good road to beach. Charles Stroud. Aspdln, Ont
enlarged, coloured
r LOW BARGAIN FARES
twedhle chicks
STARTED CHICKS AND OLDER pullets. Ten day old Barred Rock White Rock. New Hampshire Reds $9.95. 90% pullet* $12.95, cockerels $8.75. Two week old add one cent to ten day old prices, three week old add five cents. Extra Profit Grade, the kind that weigh 2 lbs. per hundred more when hatched, add one cent. Special Mating add two cents. Prompt delivery Shipped COD. anywhere. Also free range older pullets. 4 weeks to 24 weeks. Free Poultry Guide.—Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Qnt.
BICYCLES AND MOTORCYCLES
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. New rebuilt Bicycles, $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Dukes, C25 Queen St. West. Toronto._______________
i
à
ROUND TRIP FARES TO BRITISH PORTS
T®U*IST CLASS I] g#0®; THIRD CLASS
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
PRINTING
GIRLS WANTED TO LEARN Beauty Cluture, taught In a school chartered by the Dominion Government, branches from coast to coast, hundreds of successful grad-uatea. We prepare you for provincial and state board examinations, rates reasonable. Call or write to Dept. A. Canadian Largest school, Big Marvel. .358 Bloor Sheet, W., Toronto.
ATTENTION HOUSEWIVES— Know your Preserves and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c, 500 Labels 25c postpaid. Lew!* Printing, Station H, Toronto, Canada.
Effective Aug. 7 to L Oct. 15, 1939 j
Four weeks allowed ashore in Europe.
•Parcs slightly higher if returning before Sept. 24.
# Travel by a royal Empressot in the improved Tourist and 7 bird Class accommodation on a stately Duchess. Former Tourist Class accommodation on the popular Mont ships has been eliminated tp provide more ample accommodation and larger deck space for Third Class passengers. Most rooms in Tourist and Third Class on all four Duchesses have both hot and cold running water.
From MONTREAL to GLASGOW—BELFAST—LIVERPOOL
Sept. 1—Duchess of York "	7—Monrrose (Havre,
Southampton. Antwerp)
-	9—Duchess of Richmond
"	15—Duchess of Bedford
** 22—Duchess of Athoil
RABBITS
“Most Beautiful City In The World”
BREEDING STOCK. NEWZEAUANO White Rabbits, registered, pedigreed. thirty cents poun 1. New-Zealand Fur Farm, LonJeaboro, Ontario.
JERSEY BULL
“Everywhere there is something odd or different to be seen. Take Rio de Janeiro, for instance. There is no place in the world that resembles it. I would call it the most beautiful city in the world. Here everything is spectacular. High mountains shoot up from centres of population. Splendid reaches abound on all sides. It is a glorious place. Nowhere is (here suçh a combination of shore and mountain.
“Weather permitting, our passengers will get a thrill out of Tristan da Cunha, a rock in the sea and a thousand miles from anywhere. Her potatoes and fish are the main items of food, but the eight to ten score of people who live there are happy. This is the place where girls pray for a good shipwreck so they can get married."
REGISTERED JERSEY BULL FOR sale, 2 year*. Price $80.00. A P Campbell, Grand Cascapedia, Que
REGISTERED PUPS

REGISTERED SCOTCH COLLIE Pups, sable and white, alao Tricolors
Terhune breeding. Males $8.00, females $6.00. S. Nuithwood. Coronation. Alberta.
CATTLE
beauties
Albert Payson
COLORED AND MOUNTED
DUAL-PURPOSE SHORTHORN Bulls also Heifer Calves, accredited. high production. Bayslde Farm, Owen Sound. Ont_____
ENLARGEMENT IN PORTRAIT easel mount. Free with each order. Films developed, printed 26c. Reprints 10 for 25c. Our never fade process and one day service assures you satisfaction. Best Photo Service, Adelaide St. Station, Toronto.	_______________
”	$0—Montrose (Havre,
Southampton, Anns err)
SHOPPING
WOODWORKING BUSINESS
FOR SALE
WITHOUT CHARGE ELIZABETH Kent will shop for you In Toronto store*. Send for description of free service. 46 Richmond St." W\ Toronto.
M 1 >—Duchess of Bedford
HUNDRED CASH BUYS
mil).
From QUEBEC to CHERBOURG—SOUTHAMPTON
Sept- 2—Empress of Australia
(Southampton only)
NINE
country small chopping woodworking business, complete machinery, dwelling. Suit handy retiring farmer.—Wm. Pearce, Exeter.	____________
Sept. 23—Empress of Britain " 30—Empress of Australia
MEN’S SHIRTS
sea,
TIRES AND BICYCLES FOR BALM
WHITE* STRIPED patterns, English broadcloth, attached or separate collars, nisei 13 to 17%. $150. Ties, 3 for $1.00. Davids. 179 Craig West, Montreal.
MENS SHIRTS
$2 UP. GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles. HO up. Write for bargain price Hat. Toronto Tire, 19$ Dundas West, Toronto.
CHRISTMAS CARDS
Per full details- see ymt heal travel agent or
SEND FOR THE CELEBRATED "Royal" sample book of Personal Cards. A beautiful selection of designs which Includes six handsome Calendars. Entirely free. Personal Cards, $1.60 per dozen up. Big Commissions and Premiums. Increased value* and extra free cards for early orders. Very attractive Boxed men is. Experience or capital unnecessary. Orders despatched within 24 hr*, of receipt. Published over 27 years. Roysl Publishing Company, P.O. Box 1600, Montreal.
MINK#
USED FLHNITUHF1 KtIH SALE
3
FINE DARK. EASTERN QUEBEC Mink, kltts or proven breeders, prolific strain, reasonably priced. Visit or write. Brighton Mink Ranch. Owen Sound. Ont. ___________
GOOD USED FURNITURE: 8 PI EC Dining Suite $16.00:	Chesterflel
Suites $20.00; Chesterfield Bed Suite $310.50; Studio Couches $10.00 9-piece Dining Suites, like new, $49.60: Breakfast Suites $20.00. Hundreds of other articles Write us for your requirements Terms arranged If necessary. McKenng Furniture T?o , Limited, 526 Bay Street, Toronto.
Gwtaiawt (jkàfac
Card assort
• ONEY IN MINK. WE HAVE A ME-lect herd of large dark mink. Our males guaranteed. Reasonable terms. Stan Daly, Smith Falls. Ontario.
Goad the World Over
Always carry Canadian Pacific Express Travellers Cheques
'39
###PAGE###7###
Imperial Airways Giant "Caribou’»
hour
When it will wander swaying, clear,
Telling the valley listeners when
The tawny cattle amble far
To nibble the low, white clover-flower
Or homeward turn with the evening star.
—Frances Frost in The Ohr#» tian Science Monitor.
Are You Sure Your Face Is Clean?
Cowbell
¦



1
¦
> ...
It stands upon the woodshed shelf, Tarnished but golden in the gloom. Its throat, that on a summer hill Will taste a waterfall's bright plume.
Or speak of cropped and dewy grass,
la Silent. In dusty shadows here, The unshaken voice awaits the


m
fe > A
à h






Normal Care For Normal Skin —Don’t Powder Over

at


*



y a

Dirt

'f#
"«	» : >4



?/





Much has been written about the beauty for people with greasy skins, dry skins, sensitive skins and so on. It is time that something was said on the subject of the normal skin. After all, there are many fortunate people who have nothing very much wrong with their complexions and It is only right and natural that they should want to know how to keep them in that happy condition.
It Is, unfortunately, all too true that If a perfectly good, normal skin Is left to look after itself, It stands a very good chance of losing Its normality, of developing opeu pores, blackheads, etc. Therefore beauty culture for the normal complexion must be of a protective nature.



----------—' 11
j This Curious World
I € MACKEREL HI
By William j Ferguson ,
• #



:>»

JFt,

i



MW

•if
t*

F «

MIGRATES UP WARM* AND OOHWIM4AO/ WHEN WINTER. COOLS

vm
AK
%
rr,
A fortnight ago the long-expected Trans-Atlantic Air Mail Service was inaugurated. Carrying 25,000 pieces of mail the Imperial Airways giant flying boat Caribou, shown above, roared up the St. Lawrence to land at Boucherville 33 hours after taking off from Southampton.
z
THE FISH DROPS
ZZ,
DOWNWARD TO WARMER A
levels. IftTTxmz

h
m
9
dowod him with the moral evil of human arrogance.
21. And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a separate house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of Jehovah: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land.
Beauty In Belts T raneforms Gowns
Sunday
School
Lesson
What Is this protective treatment? Well, it consists of three parts: cleansing, nourishing, and guarding against age. The first is easily the most important part, because dirt is the greatest danger a good skin has to guard against. How many times do you wash your hands each day? Morning, midday, evening and last thing at night, don't you? Probably more often than that. And yet there are hundreds of people who Just dab a little extra powder on their faces three or four time# a day, and clean it only once. It Is true that your hands are constantly in use, and are, therefore, in more direct contact with dirty objects, but It is also true that the foundation cream you use on your face makes k ¦lightly sticky, go that the dirt in the atmosphere naturally clings to
*/


/;
CHARÛOAL
<S>
Belts have become more and more elaborate. All sorts of strange and unlikely materials go to the | making of them.
A plain black drees can be given whatever character you please by changing the belt.
Do you wish the general effect to be "plain but good"? Then wear a narrow white satin belt embroidered In black silk with your Christian name, and a single string of pearls round your neck.
Make These Yourself
Do you wear something a little bizarre and unusual? Then wear a wide belt in thick oatmeal linen, faced with black felt, and trimmed with flat scarlet beads and little golden bells.
If you have a discarded natural coral necklace, sew the coral round a white suede belt, scatter gold beads In between and wear a gold and coral necklace to complete the effect.
A narrow black crepe de chine belt embroidered In gold thread and edged with gold fringe gives a very sumptuous look to your black frock, and a heavy gold necklace will add the final touch of chic.
AMD
DIAMONDS
ARE MADE OF THE VERY SAME ELEMENT,
VET, DIAMONDS
y- ».
It was impossible for a leper to discharge the kingly office, and the regency was consequently conferred upon the king's eldest son, Jotham, who exercised the royal functions while his father suffered a living death. Uxziah must have repented before he died because he certainly left behind him the character of a good rather than a wicked king.
€ •
UZZIAH: A KING WHO FORGOT GOD—2 Chi-on. 26:3-5, 16-21 Golden Text.—Every one I list exalteth himself shall be humbled; but he that humbleth himself shall be «salted. Lube 16:14,
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time. — Uzziah ascended the throne in 80C B.C. The time when the events in this chapter took place cannot be determined with absolute accuracy, but inasmuch as Vzziah died in 756 B.C, his being stricken with leprosy is placed generally about 768 B.C.
Piece.—Jerusalem.
3-4. Sixteen years old was Uz-ziah when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechiliah, of Jerusalem. And he did that which was right in the eyes of Jehovah, according to all that his father Amaziah had do ne. ,
OF THE POOREST
QUALITY SELL ADR. MORE THAN
AN OUNCE, WHILE CHARCOAL IS WORTH ONLY
f,
A
AVJUC - ŒGA. HCA»,
Your Eyes
TOM.


It.
There you have Rule 1 for skin beauty. Cleanse your face every time you wash your hands. Your complexion will repay you » thousand fold for your trouble.
WHfTK-TAIL-rVFC ANTLERS/
T*kJCN NEAR.
Require Care
M

Avoid Irritation and Infection By Exercising Precaution
; DIAMONDS and charcoal are composed of carbon, in combined state. A diamond is pure, crystallized carbon. it much mgre abundant, howyver, in a state of combination with other sub|^nces.’* United with oxygen, it occurs as carbonic acid la the atmosphere.
an unCarbon
Fill your aluminum saucepan with water and chop up a fairsized stick of rhubarb. Put this in and boil for two or three minutes. When you have done on# saucepan with this mixture pour it Into another, and so on, until you have brightened all of them.
In the dally routine of life. It la Important to try to remember to wash one's hands after touching banisters, door knobs, push plates, etc., to avoid carrying infection to the eyes. Even shaking hands transmits germs from one person to the other. Rubbing the eyes after using a handkerchief to blow one’s nose Is a possible and probable source of Infection.
Danger of infection lurks in the swimming pools if the eyes are opened under water and bath tenvois at public pools, beaches and the Summer resorts are another common source of infection. Do not dry your eyes at all under these conditions.
When motoring try to prevent dust and water from being blown or splashed In the eyes. Trying on other people s glasses and goggles transmit lid infections and even conjunctival Inflammation.
The allergic Inflammations from foods eaten and from external irritants such as pollen from trees, plants, flowers or talcum and face powders and dandruff from *>ets be guarded against If they seem to cause an Irritation. Tissue towels and paper handkerchiefs can the sensitive person to have inflammation of the eyelids or eyeballs.
The pupil of the eye is so-called from the Latin word pupilla, meaning little doll, because you can see a small miniature of yourself when you look In another’s eyes.
m
i

FEMALE POLITICIAN
V:ziah was fortunate to have such a wonderful mother and father. What a blessing for any young man to have a father who has so lived that the boy can do nothing finer than to walk through life in the path which his father had made for him. A father by being honest and pure of heart, upright in all of his dealings, faithful in the services of the church can certainly set up an ideal for his son and help him to live in the way that will bring him the greatest peace and happiness in life..
5. And he sot himself to seek Cod in the days of Zerhariah, who had understanding in the vision of Cod; and as long as he soughl Jehovah, God made him to prosper. Uzziah prospered indeed. He bought the Philistines into real subjection. He strengthened the defenses o& Jerusalem by bulking towers at its three weakest points. He organized, equipped, and disciplined the military force of the country on a new plan. The whole country prospered under his rule.
1C-17-18. But when he was
I
Answer I# Previous Piusie
20 She is an effective
22 Freedom from war.
HORIZONTAL
1,5 An English ' politician.
10	Chopping tool.
11	Opposite.
13 Dress
trimming.
15	Vocal composition.
16	Chair.
18 Grief.
21 Petticoat.
23	Behold.
24	Bucket.
26 Foe.
29 Head cook.
33	Being.
34	Sheep's call.
35	A craft
37	Gone by.
38	Lava.
39	Arbitrary command.
42	Grain.
43	Smooth.
44	To glut.
46 To rectify.
48 Thing.
50 To entertain.
52	Enraptured.
53	Fountains.
NOTES
RADIO
ü/jiyiïWiiX d^iimiywi
mm iiuaiiii ontii:<
Il 3 ill »> lUHti ESKiiislfllai
¦ awiB'id yiid m sou «>]!¦;•] a ai»;
aom ifl su
•J SM iJKIdlfl W dll
udiiPid y!»][•: m
QMIdS MlMIUll BüIflS !»JS dHHNS
lauwnids iiflwiflnwe
dlflMIfiMfl
23 Appropriate for song.
PARROT I 25 Data.
NEWS
AND
a
By MADGE ARCHER
27	Wood demon.
28	Door rug.
30	Laughter sound.
31	Breakfast food.
32	She is a American.
34 To fetter.
36 Weight.
39	Pertaining ## teeth.
40	To retaliate.
41	Single name. 43 Leprous
person.
8	Hops kiln. 45 Lily plant.
9	Musical note. 47 Wrongs.
48	Chamber.
49	To stupefy.
51 Ovule.
53 Brother.
veraity. He played a saxophone in a Yale band. After leaving college he organized his own dance orchestra which led to his radio debut in New York on a local station. His first appearance on a network program was on October 24, 1929, the commencement of the first and later most famous radio variety show. Vallee has missed only two broadcasts In ten years, once due to the death of Mrs. Vallee, and once while en route to England to broadcast during the coronation of King George the Sixth.
Vallee’s plans for the future are ae yet Indefinite.
Rudy Vallee Make* a Change
Rudy Vallee and Standard Brands Inc. are terminating their radio contract at the end of Vallee s tenth year on the networks and concluding the longest association in radio of a sponsor and a performer. Vallee’s final broadcast under the auspices of Standard Brands will occur on Thursday, September 28, 1939, closing an unbroken radio run on the NBC red network from 8.00 to 9.00 pm. which commenced on October 24, 1929. when commercial radio broadcasting was in its Infancy.
Vallee, who was radio's initial phenomenon, was the first to give evidence of the power of broadcasting as a starmaker. His Introduction of most of present stars of the air to the microphone audience led him to become radio's pioneer showman. Vallee, first millionaire performer on the radio, has felt for some time that an uninterrupted ten years of broadcasting under the game sponsorship and at the same hour every Thursday night was sufficient.
a

Mill ÎIIIM9
us siifli*uMeMiaai»3isp
can
55 One who ices. 3 Retributive
justice.
4 Year.
56	Field.
57	Knave.
58	Expert flyer.
59	She is a member of
5 To
acknowledge
6	Bristly.
7	Elm
can
60 Her title
cause
VERTICAL
1	To scold.
2	That on which a body revolves. .
TO BE HEARD
12 Type standard 14 Tomb cloth.
17 Asiatic tree.
19 Italian river. 54 To harden.
Farm Broadcasts, CFRB 1.06 p m. Mondays to Fridays; Farm Broadcasts, CBL, 1.30 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays; August 25. 8 p.m., NBC,
CBL, Cities Services Orch.........
9 p.m Paige;
CFRB, Bull Session ...
Jimmy Dorsey's Orch.
CBL, Sym. Strings ....
12 Noon, NBC, CBL, Radio City Music Hall
So You Think You Like Music ......
6 p.m., CBL, Church of the Air ....
8 p.m., NBC, CBL, Chase and Sanborn Hour .
strong, his heart was lifted up, that he did corruptly, and he trespassed against Jehovah his God. For he went into the temple of Jehovah to bum ineenese upon the altar of incense. And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of Jehovah, that were valiant men: and they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him It pertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto Jehovah, but to the priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out ot the sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honor from Jehovah God.
19-20. Then Uzziah was wroth; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense; and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy brake forth in his forehead before :he priests in the house of Jehovah, beside the altar of. incense. And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him and behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out quickly from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because Jehovah had smitten him.
Thus for his sin he was punished with the terrible visitation of Leprosy. This severe penalty d s abled and disqualified a man for all the days and enjoyments of life. His sin was not a mere question between king and priest; that would have been enough. It was a question whether God should continue to rule, through his chosen officers, over the nation, or whether the king should set aside the divinely given law, and practically make himself
To assume a preroga-
CBS, CFRB. Raymond August 26, 2 p.m., CBS,
8 p.m., CBL
.. 10 p.m.,
August 27,
I
Awakened
WÊk
m
15
The stormy wind blew A bright flash of rain Like a silver lightning ’Gainst the window pane Why did my heart wake From a dull sleep ' Remembering fiercely To weep, and to weep.
A dead dream wakened?
Ah! that should not be; That dream from the past Is bitter to me.
I had forgotten
Through the long years. How swift remembering Could stir one to tears. Hush, wind, and never Let me see again Rain on a dark night Light the window pane.
. 4 p.m , CBS, CFRB,
• •• e
Barnum of Radio
Vallee has frequently been called the Ziegfeld and Barnum of radio. He is responsible for uncovering the radio talents of Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Bob Burns, Alice Faye, Joe Benner, Frances Langford, Tommy Riggs and Betty Lou and many others. Among the innumerable stars who came to radio first through the medium of Rudy Vallee's Variety Hour were Grace Moore, Katherine Hepburn, Helen Hayes, Fannie Brice, Robert Montgomery, Frank Fay, Joe Cook, Victor Moore, Walter O’Keefe and a host of others.
Vallee became musically minded while he was attending Yale Uni*
I
1
26
!4
9 p.m., CBL, Appt.
.. August 28, 8.30
p.m., NBC. CBL, Voice of Firestone
... 9.30 p.m., CBS, CFRB. Guy
Lombardo Orch.
With Agostini
August 29, NBC, CBL. Information . 9 p.m., CBS. CFRB, We,
the People... 9.30 p.m , NBC. CBL,
Alec Templeton ...... August 30,
8 p.m., NBC, CBL, Ransom Sher-.... 9 00 p.m., CBL, Songs of . 10 p.m., NBC, CBL,
.. August 31, 8 p.m.,
. 9 p.m., CBS. . 10 p.m.,
8.30 p.m Please ...
#
15
I
man .
the World ...
Sunset Sym. .
CBL, Vicki Chase CFRB, Major Bowes .
NBC, CBL, Kraft Music Hall .....
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—It Takes Time to Collect Anything
9 * T 1
1 NO ! HE COULDN'T GET AS
DIRTY AS THAT IN
FIVE YEARS?
t* •
I DON'T BEUEVE HIM, POP

ONLY FIVE YEARS
OLD, i _ DO YOU ? 1
X
f
small
%

J

m;
\
supreme.
live which God had strictly confined to the priestly order, was a Step that was revolutionary in im character and overturned the most sacred traditions.

9
/
«% *4

.... (Copyright. HIT, fcy Tto Sail Syitcajo. fmt
Too much sue had spoiled Uzziah and
en-
ress
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
English ‘Darby’ Attracts Huge Crowds Each Year
To an American "the Derby" means the famous horse race run every year in Kentucky; but even in the blue grass country “the DarbyM means a greater event which has attracted thousands of racing fans to Epsom Downs, England, for a century and a half. It would take a philologist to explain why the English pronounce it “Darby”; but : its tremendous popularity needs no I explanation. For the English Derby is much more than a mere sports event. It is also a picnic, a carnival, and a eounty fair, all rolled into one. Half a million holiday makers come together each spring, not so much to see the fleet three-year-olds, since hordes of “Darby” fans never see the horses at all, but tc buy and sell, and to enjoy the fun which gypsy fortune-tellers, sideshows, and refreshment stands provide.
Money Savers
Mixed Dance in the Renfrew Armories
Sponsored by Renfrew Agricultural Society
Tuesday, September 6th
Music by JACK FENNESSY and his RENFREW ROYALS •
amplified by sound equipment
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
O
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chamhray two pockets, coat styles
PIGS FOR SaI.E-A litter of young Yorkshire utgs. Ready fui deli very. Apply to DuxcToit Sturt. Maryland, Que. Phone, Shiiwvllle M 14.
some with zippers Regular selling to $1.25
Everyone a bargain at 79c
FOU SAI.K-Twenty curd* of mixed soft wood ; also dry stave wood, to Horde* Courkjan, m Stave Factory, Shaw ville. Phone M
Apply
Refreshment Booth OMISSION, 75 cts. per"couple ; Cents, SO cti.; Extra Lady, 25 cts.
Dancing from 9 a m. toe3 a m

Men’s Work Pants
Stripes and Plaids in cottonade—five pocket, roomy
cut, now selling from $1,25 tO $1.75
FOR SALE—Six tube Williams Electric Radio. In good condition, for $12 (Ml. Apply to Rordk.n Corriu ax,.Shaw ville.
B
0L
Science Says Cleanliness Helps Child's Adjustment
Getting good marks in academic subjects is the traditional goal of the average pupil and the standard by which parents judge whether or net their children r.rc doing well at school. Yet fundamentally the aim of education should be to help children to become well-rounded, well-adjusted individuals.
According to psychologists and authorities in child welfare, self ud justment is simpified for the chid who establishes cleanliness habits early.
Live Poultry Wanted
FOR SALK— Renfrew Washing Machine With w ringer attached. Apply to Geo. Dhvmmondh Gam auk, HriMol.
Rhone 4.-27.
The Shswville Egg anil Poultry Association wish to announce that y will kill, dress, grade and kali kinds ol live poultry at Shaw ville Agrieultmai Hall, on Monday, Sept. 4th. Birds will be chilled, packed and promptly shipped to the most attractive maiket. Don't forget the date — Monday. Sept. 4th. For particulars apply to
Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
the
$1.25
WANTED—Man with Car to act as Sales & Service Representative in Shaw, ville district. Apply to ^inukr Dimon-
Riveted pockets, Now selling at
pm
One-finger Work Cloves
Horsehide fronts. Special at......
Fine Quality Work Boots
Leather sole and half rubber. See these boots at^$3.49
STRATUM. Agricultural Hhlg , Shaw ville, or Singer Sewing Machine Co., lt*7 Main Street, Hull. guv.
Most of England seems to turn out for the race, including usually the king and queen, hundreds of landed gentry, and thousands of ordinary British families. It is a festive day for the children as much as for their parents. Epsom Downs is only 14 miles from the heart of
London, and the great city is quiet "Many clinical cases of rr.aladjust-
and nearly deserted on a Derby	ment are associait d	with lack cl	100,000Sheet* TITE LAP Galvanised
morning. Lawyers, doctors, bank- I	cleanliness, says	J.	Mace Andress,	Steele Roofing, Svrkhior and Council
ers and business men forget their I	associate editor	of	Hygeta. It	Standard brand*. Write for Hat,
work and their worries for a day,	would be difflcult	to	prove that un-	EASTERN STEELE PRODUCTS Ltd.
and almost everyone—even respec- cleanly habits alone are responsible	1335 Dclorimier Avenue
table curates and dignified old la- for serious maladjustment, but there ;	Montreal, Quebec	FOR SALE-A numbei New
dies—places a small bet on one of is enough evidence to show that they ________________ Red LaylngJPulivt*. some year old White
pSHSH
by Kir.g Edward himself.	| health.	reveal the ancient Egyptians ,o
69 cts.
ROOMERS WANTED-Three comfortable toe him. modern conveniences, suitable for Mhool student*. Apply to Mim. Hknry Dale Shawvllle.
B T. STARK
FOR SALE
ROOMS TO RENT-— Two comfortable room* to let with or without hoard. Apply to Mrh. Walter Elliott. King St., Shawvllle.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
wo'rkA;Nlim„g .o'' f°r	h0UW
to Mrh. Dickson.

Mis. Millions', mother, Mrs. J. M. Cunningham and niece, little Misa Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, spent ! Hetty Farrell, returned to South the week-end at the home of her Porcupine, after spending a two daughter, Mrs. J. I*. Wilson. 1 weeks vacation at Stark's Corners
PERSONAL MENTION
l
Mr. John Turriefif, of Ottawa, is
visiting at the home of his brother, | Cardinal, Ont,, and Miss Owen Mr. Arthur Turrieff, in town
--	........ -1 s^stess.*iS4£r
On their return they were accoiu panied by their daughter, Mis* (d | Connie Williams, who is returning to school after spending the past month with Mrs. Smart.
Mr. and Mis. R. T Williams, of
have possessed as great a knowledge I In A I con alt | on. W11 ahuo *t half
• Lh*y lëh:;,eri^.,0Piü‘v.-
Williams, ot Ogdensbmg, N.Y
of astronomy as ourselves, believe the pyramid was reared to perpetuate this knowledge	.
2045.	| Liberal Comm Ism on for telling oUAI.
Prediction Came True	for khkk ciiihIokuh ami plan without oh.
Jacques Cazotte. French journal-	Co., St. Clement St
With many friends at	* ^H*e***^e*|
in a Parisian mansion one cold winter’s night in 1783. Talk turned to politics and before it finished Ca lotte predicted the French révolu tien and indicated the fate of eacl of his fellows therein. They rid. culcd him then—but every one ui them died in the manner he predict >d before and during the terras
A Slight Deviation
King George V c f England used to tell this story on himself. Once when, as a Isd. he was serving on a British naval training ship, the captain handed him the Sextant and asked him to find the ship's position in latitude end longitude
Because British automobile termi-	I nflcr 9uite a. mathematical >ti ugu.c
nclogy differs from ours in a num-	the future king turned in h:s reckon
ber of respects, the American mo-	*n8. Ihe captain glanced at it a mo
torist in the British isles might be ment, then said grave.y confused in being hailed in court	Royal Highness, please remove you:
for “crashing a Bobby’s arm,”	| cap! ' In answer to the young
which means, running through a	I sailor’s look of astonishment, the
stop sign	i captain explained:	“According to
Before going for a drive the Eng- your figures we are just about to lishman often will “top up." which I sail into Westminster Abbey'" is filling the battery with water.
When asked to “rev up" the driver
Siebert was swimming with his steps on the gas. His car runs on
sSÿïSS	I FT- SS
appeared about 150 feet from shore speed.	Ewing Young, who d.ed in 1841 Tre
when lie swam after	an	inflated	There are no front and back fend-	tree, so the story goes, was piameu
inner tube which had drifted	away	ers on the Englishman s car, but	on a bright May day, in 184b, when
from his little daughter.	“wings” and “mudguards” rcspec- Sidney Smith (in whose arms Young
The body was	recovered	early	lively. He keeps his baggage in a	died) strolled with his sweetheart
Monday morning.	“luggage boot” instead of a trunk,	down the trail to Young's burial
and looks through the “windscreen”	place. While there the girl picked
rather than a windshield.	[up an acorn, which she and Smith
planted on the grave as a memorial. In commemoration of Ewing Yum \ a bronze tablet has been placed t n
English Motoring Terms
Differ From America’s
Motoring up the Thames to London, the English driver who gets out and lifts Iiis “bonnet” isn't dotting his cap, but raising the hood of his
harterie, Que. Phone, Shawvllle 39-1?!
Corners, was a guest for the week end of Miss May Armstrong.
They
John S
Armstrong, \ Webb wood. Ont., has been visiting his relatives in town and
vicinity.
Mi
When
Miss Elsie Hudgins returned to her home in Yarm, after spending the past week with friends in Ottawa.
Miss I va Robinson has returned to her home in Chapleau, Out., after a months visit with relatives in this section.
“Babe '* Siebert, Famous Hockey Player, Drowned
car
Albert (H .he) Siebeit. famous defence p ay, r nt the Montreal Camuli iu h »ckey team was drown ed latr Friday while swimming in Lake Hui« u at St. J.iseph, Ont.
Siebert, XI wa* the son of Mr. and Mrs. Willi iiu Siebert, of Zu. rich, Out. He recently was up* pointed coach of Canadians for the next National Hockey League season.
Your
Cemetery
Donations
Mr. and Mrs Bradley and children, of Ottawa, were Sunday guests at the home of Mr, and Mrs. Lemuel Hod gins.
Miss Marjorie Dahms, Reg. N , of Buffalo, N. Y.. is spending her vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Dahms.
Previously acknowledged $77 10
Alf. Armstrong.........
Mr*. XV. J. Dagg ......
Andrew Sly.............
W. H Corrigan ........
Melbourne Dale,* Haley’s
Station, Ont.........
Mrs. Hudson. Chelsea ...
EL T. Hodgins .........
Fred Thomas............
\\Tesley Hodgins.......
Mrs. James D. Hodgins..
Thomas Fades ..........
Ed. Ccwan..............
Arthur Somerville......
John Caldwell, Caldwell
John L. Hodgins . .....
Dwight McDowell .......
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins
Harold Hodgins.........
Chris Caldwell ........
C. A. L. Tucker........
Clarence Brownlee......
Miss Clara Strutt.......
G. A. Howard ...........
B.	F. Smith ............
C,	W. Hodgins, Timmins,..
J no. J. Caldwell, Shawville 5 00 Claude E. Shaw, Ottawa.
Mr. and Mrs J. H. Green
shields, Semans, Sank..
Dr. W. C. McGuire, Corn wall, Ont..............
J. M Argue..............
2 00
Oak Is Tombstone
Near Newberg, in Yamhill cour.
2 00
2 00
Lead an Ancient Metal
weed, a constituent of many saints, is one of the half dozen met 3Is employed by prehistoric people Xs a paint medium it was used in England as long ago as the beginning ul the Seventeenth century—if iot previous to that. The Dutch used it and the Venetians manufactured white lead during the Middle The Greeks also knew it and
The Ro-
2 00
Mr. John Angus a ml son Chester, Mr. ami Mrs. Clarence NVright and son of Ottawa, spent the week-end with relatives at Yarm.
Miss Norma Fades, who taught at Asbestos, Que., during the past school term, is at present a guest of friends in this district.
1 00
2 00
1 00
1 00
1 00
2 00
5 00
Low Salaries to Be Hit
If U. S. Enters a War
2 00
ages
named it “psimythion mans utilized it for various decora
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Hodge, oj Thetford Mines, are visiting at the home of Mrs. Hodge’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Langford Strutt,
2 00
2 00
Puerto Rican ‘Lindberghs*
Col. Charles A. Lindbergh is indi- I the tree trunk by the Daughters uf
Wage earners and low-income groups must pay a much greater|^B___________
share of the expenses of any war [ rectly responsible for the creation of | the American Revolution that the United States might now a new industry in Puerto Rico—an engage in; the vast reserve of tax- industry which depends for its raw ing power available to the nation in materials on the fruit-producing 1916 to meet an emergency has since | country of California. It was in 1935 been in use at approximately honor of Colonel Lindbergh’s visit the full war time rate, and small to puerto Rico after his historic incomes stand out as the principal trans-Atlantic flight, that local man-remaining source of new revenues. ufacturers named the fruit ices sold according to an analysis made by jn picturesque wagons found all over Northwestern National Life Insur	'¦ m
ance company of Minneapolis.
5 00
ive purposes
1 00
2 00
Mr*. D. Cummings, of Verdun,
Que., is visiting at the home of her father, Mr. Thomas Hades and other relatives in this district.
Miss Margaret Caldwell has returned to Noranda after spending » two weeks* vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and; Mrs. Jas Caldwell.
Miss Nina Hodgins, of Niagara Falls. N Y., arrived on Sunday to visit her father, Mr. Win. Adam Hodgins, and other relatives in town and vicinity.
Miss Jean Angus has returned to her home in Fort William, Out, after spending the past two months with relative* and friends here and Ottawa.
Mrs. Harper Campbell and little son, Billy, have returned to their home in Noranda, after visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James McMillan, Bristol.
Mrs. Harold Judd, sons Kenneth and Boy, brother-in-law, Mr Eric Judd, and Miss Alice Hodgins motored to Noranda on Saturday for a week s visit with relative*.
Mr. and Mrs. Herb Jessup and 1000,000 for the year, but taxes there children have returned to their after eased off rapidly, in spite of home in North Bay after visiting regular payments on the aceumu-at the home of Mrs. Jessups par lated war debt, and care of vet-ents, Mr. and Mrs. Sami lien nick
2 00
5 00
2 00
RENFREW FAIR
1 00
6 00
2 00
1 00
September 13, 14,115
5 00
the island, “Lindberghs.” “Lindberghs'* consist of shaved ice into Federal, state and local taxes arc I which the dealer pours the appropri-to a considerable extent “operating | ate fruit nectar from a quart bottle, on their reserve batteries" today, “Fresa, Cerez y Pina" (Strawberry, the study states, citing war-time fig- Cherry and Pineapple) is a cry ures in comparison. For the fiscal heard all over Puerto Rico, and a year of 1916 federal taxes of $726.- Cry directly related to the nectar 000,000 took less than 2 per cent of | industry of California, total national income, and left a surplus after expenditures. Under the tremendous war emergency de mands of 1917, 1913 and 1919, fed eral taxes yielded $1.035.000.000. $3,
879,000.000 and $4.024.000.000 succès
5 00
Bf sure to See This Entertaining Number
5 00
3 00
3 00

Buffalo Meat Popular
The meat of the buffalo, once the principal fare of pioneer plainsmen, is a popular repast with many Ca-sively, and reached their peak of I nadians who like extra flavor and $5.723,000,000 in the fiscal year end- novelty in their meals. Described ed June 30, 1920, when the budget as the noblest ruminant that ever was once more balanced. This final | trod the earth, the buffalo was at effort squeezed a record 8.7 per cent out of a national income of $66,000,-
0

m
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, Pres, rv.,A. F. Forks, Secty


*2

one time nearly extinct, but the establishment of herds in Buffalo and Elk Island national parks saved them from this fate. Today it is necessary to reduce the herds at regular intervals to keep them within the carrying capacity of the park pastures, and from time to time
Used Oars

1
'
*,.
6
11135-Chevrolet Sedan 1031—Chevrolet Sedan
1037—	Pontiac Coach
1038—	XVillyg Pick-up 1038—Ford Tudor Deluxe 1020—Plymouth Coupe 1037- Dodge Coach
1031 —Buick 1031—Plymouth Sedan 1031—Dodge Sedan 1030-Ford Sedan
All ready to go at reasonable price®.


erans

!
In the fiscal year cf 1935, the anal
Messrs Bill Stephan, Thomas **^**^J*¥^**1**, .	,
Maher, Jack Garvin, Fred McLeo 1	ysis shows,	federal taxes jumped to	periodic slaughters are earned	out
and Ed. Forrester, all of Detroit	$3,621,000.000; in 1936 they were $3,-	| by contract under government	su-
are spending a vacation at Mr! 1900,000,000; in 1937, $5.084,000,000 Walter Elliott s Camp at the river, and in 1938 they reached $6.034.000,
..	,	..	000 and exceeded the war peak ra	_ _	.	_
Mr. and Mr®. Jos. Fmdla.v, of tio by taking 9.7 per cent out of our	ü. S. Sentry on Caribbean
Kinbnrn. Ont, their daughter, $62.300,000,000 national income Guantanamo, Cuba, constitutes M;ss Inez, and niece and nephew.	Meanwhile,	federal expenditures for	one link in the steel chain which
9 a* , ,iea f If Lean and Mr.	1938 lota]ed	$7,691,000,000, or 12 per	Uncle Sam uses for defense of	the
nn s, JISItei fr,endf 111 cent cf the nation's income, the Panama canal. Located on the town on Sunday.	| analysis shows.	| south shore at the eastern end of
Cuba,4 the Guantanamo naval base came into being early in the Twentieth century, when land there was leased by the United States from the Cuban government. Today, the station costs a comparatively small rental fee, and provides an important sentry at a Caribbean cross roads. Under the jurisdiction of the. United States navy department, the Guantanamo base affords in addi lion one of the best harbors in thi West Indies, wide enough and deej enough to give shelter to the wholt American fleet, yet protected by i narrow entrance from hurricane, and sea attack.


pervision

\
%
Er
f
V?
A
Mrs. Jim Johnson and children who have been visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Imison, returned to their home in Montreal on Sunday with Mr. Johnson who came for the weekend.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Europe's Big Geyser
The highest geyser in Europe is the island of Namedy in the river Rhine, not far from Andemach, Mr. and Mr. Ivan Predergast, of Germany. The geyser springs at Gaspe. who have been spending intervals of 12 minutes and contin-part of their vacation with rein- ues to do so for about five hours lives here, left this week for a on end/ For a few minutes its tow-motor trip to Toronto and points ering column of water reaches a in United State*, they were ac- height of from 180 to 210 feet and com panted Uy Mr. El wood Dale. then slowly declines. The island of
Namedy is linked with the mainland.
Varsity Girls’ Revue
Afternoon and Evening Performances SEPTEMBER 13th, 14th, 16th
on

J. P. Wilson


Main Street Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40
CAR DRAWING EACH NIGHT
Mr. and Mr*. W. E. Million* and little son, Billy, accompanied by
