###PAGE###1###
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 19:19
No. 30, 56th Year
Cowling
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN
Shawville A. Y P. and Radford Group Combine Meetings
Following service in' St. Paul's Church on Friday evening lm*t, a large group of Shawville young le held a sleigh ride to R*d Mr. Lewis Judd and Mr. Llewelyn Hodgins were in charge of the teams. ; e _	,
Following the arrival at Radford the combined groupa of young people were addressed by the rector, Rev. T E. R Nurse. The balance of the evening was spent in badminton, with teams being chosen from among the young people. Mr. Herbert Wickens was in charge of the Shawville branch, with Mr. Thoa. Wallace being in charge of the Radford young people.
Before the retain journey home, the Radford young people served refreshments to the gathering.
The young peopl# take this on pmtunity or extending their thanks to Mr. Gordon Brownlee and Mr. Herbie Hodgin* for placing their teams at the disposal of the young people.
Elmside Women s Institute Hold Annual Meeting
Elniside Women’s Institute held their annual meeting at the home of Mrs. H. I. Smith Mrs W. J. Muriay. president, was in the chair. Several visitors and sixteen members were present, and answered roll call by paying their fees. The Institute was glad to welcome four new members.
A generous donation was received from one of the members and is to be used for the beautifying No 0 School grounds. Plans were made to hold a School Fair, the committee in charge being, Mrs. Murray and Miss S. Campbell. The members were pleased to hear that the County Council had made their usual grant towards the Fair.
Good work in all departments was shown in the conveners* reports.
Officers for 1030 are : President, Mrs. Wi J. Murray, viee-piesi dent, Mrs. L Angus; 2nd vice president, Mrs. P. Ballantviie ; secretary, Mrs. J W. Campbell ; treasurer, Mrs. P. Balia nty ne.
Conveners are : — Agriculture, Mrs. M. Bailey; Child welfare. Mrs. L. Angus ; Education and Better Schools. Mrs. H. Walsh ; Home Economics, Mrs. W D. Campbell; Canadianization and National Events, Miss Sarah Campbell ; Legislation, Mrs J. Dod* ; Canadian Industries, Miss Marjorie Drummond ; Immigration, Miss Emma Meldrum.
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served by the hostess.
Mr. and Mr». Geo Colee Honoured by Neighbour» >
In view of their departure from their present farm, Mr. and Mrs. Geo Coles were surprised on Monday evening, when a member of their friends and neighbours called at their home to extend their best wishes.
During the evening, Mrs James Allen read an appropriate address, while Mr. Foster Corrigan, presented Mr and Mrs. Coles with a chair and a table mirror, as a token of esteem and remembrance of their friends in the community.
Mr. and Mr*. Coles expressed their thanks in befitting terms. After a social hour, dainty refreshments were served by the ladies present.
Shawville Women» Institute Elect Officer» for Coming Year
Mis* Nell Imison visited relrv Wilhon-At Beech Grove, lives in Ottawa for the week-end J on Thursday, March 8th
to Mr and Mr#. 8am Wilson, Jr twin daughters.
.1
Shawville Hardware
ne ,
m
; Business College
Miss Kay Woodley spent the week end in Ottawa, a guest of the Misse# Whariey
Mrs. Gordon Barber, of Sudbury,
Ont. is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs Jas, T. Cotkoertion.
^seesEresssseB
ut i arm.	Stewart, (nee Gertrude Warner),
Mr. John Angus, of Ottawa, of Lower Litchfield, Que, spent the past week at the home | daughter—Jean Ellen, of Mr. and Mrs. Elliott Hodgins,
At
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
a I Enter any time. Individual instruction
a
Glenn—At Shawville Communie Hospital on Monday, March 1030, to Mr, and Mrs. Thomas Glenn, of Bristol, h son—Thomas I)ai rell.
¦a r
ihe Çenuine
ShiKwiN - Williams a	w
emijustre


m r'
¦
«
'Æ
SATIN-ENAMEL
$1.50
à#
W. E. COWUNC, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe!
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
ENGAGEMENT

Mis* Chatline Horigins nurse Intraining at Cornwall General Hospital, has been spending her vacation with relatives at Yarn.
Per
Dixon—Smith
Mr. and Mrs. George T. Dixon,.	______ _ __
ol Winchester, Ont., announce the | BARLAND 0# ROWÀT Among friends from a distance I engagement of their attending the funeral of Mr*. Ja, daughter, Feme Beatrice Dixon,
Wilson on Monday afternoon were °f Ottawa, to Mr. Carman Smith,
Mb.Smitherf. and Mr. Ed. Hod- of Ottawa, youngest eon of Mrs.
Wml	H. T. Argue, of Shawville. Que ,
.anditthe late 1J. W. Smith, of Miss Muriel Dale, of .Norauda, Bryaoo, Que. accompanied by Leon Gagnon,	, _
have been recent guests At the	v p it
home of the former's mother, Mrs. ^•wvilie United Y. P. U.
Geo. W. Dale.	Hold 8t P*trtck 8oolal
Quart


NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oefick — In Lhe G. F. Hodgtn» Building Main Street, Que.
gin*, of Ottawa.
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister. Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Mr. Wallace Wilson and sister.
¦¦¦¦¦¦HPPPHHHPBH . One of the most successful socials Mrs Eddie Finnigan, of Ottawa, |Shawville United Y.P.U, has held, attended tbo funeral of their
_	-	___the 8t Patrick’s party in the
grandmother, Mrs. James Wilson, Sunday school room on ^Monday
on Monday afternoon.	night. A large attendance of _________________________________
tlfrtSSÏi.?.'lMrl.om; KKltt	I I CLINTON H. DOWD
™k< ¦«“ ”hlle •rri"diïz«	I
able closing sing song of Irish ? melodies. Dainty refreshments I were served by the social commit-1 by Miss Barbara Woodley, by Mrs. Harold Hayeu, I "	Hlias 7
v/as
Est. C. J. Caldwell
B.A. LL.B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Ponti* Honse, Shawville, Que e -fry Friday evening.
Saturday evening to recuperate at Langford.


tee led
Mrs Cynthia Draper and Enella Turner. *
During the evening final plans, were made for the annual spring| D&NAT L© GUERRIER play, entitled, “In H in key Doodle Town \ and for a special Y. P. U.
Spring Housecleaning
You will require some new Curtains I See the new spring patterns
Mrs. James Wilson Panses At tbs Age of 84 Years
On Saturday morning there passed away it the home of her son, Hextord Wilson, on the fifth
line of Clarendon, Sarah Bmlly	. _ „
Wilson, in her 84th year. For the district rally on Good Friday
past year she had been in failing ’ night, health and during the last couple of mouths has been confined to bei bed
The late Mrs. Wilson was born on the highway, near Knox hall, her parents being the late James McDowell and his wife, the late Sophia Strutt. In 1880 she was married to James Wilson, who predeceased her 22 years ago.
Left to mourn her lo»s are two son*, Rex ford, of Clarendon township, and Herman, of Winnipeg,
Man ; also eleven grandchildren and ten greatgrandchildren
In her teens she became a member of Shawville Methodist (now United) Church, and had continued as such until the time of her death. At the time of the Church centenary, five years ago, she was one of the few a that the Church honoured as being a continuous member tor over fifty years. In her youth she was a member of the choir and a worker in the wo men’s organizations. Her piety was of the kindly, helpful type.
Many were the quiet acts of help fulness which she found opportunity to do, these including the raising in her home at various times of three orphaned girls and a boy, nil of whom have continued to look upon her, not as an employer but as a mother. Her quiet Christian character was felt in her home and the community.
The funeral was held on Monday afternoon from her late home to Shawville United Church, where her pastor. Rev. A. F. Fokes, gave a comforting message from I John 2 : IT—“The world pnsseth away and the lust thereof ; but he that doeth the will of God a bidet h for _|	The hymns sung were.
“What a friend we have in Jesus’
“Unto the Hills’ and “Forever with the Lord” and the choir sang a favourite hymn of the deefcsstd •‘Where He leads me. I will follow as a special number.
Interment was made in the church cemetery, the pall bearers being, Messrs. Harold Hodgins,
Herbert Smith, David McDowell,
James Connelly, Gordon Brown and Dawson Armstrong.
Floral tributes were received from the following : Mr. and Mrs.
Rexford Wilson, Mahlon and Russell ; Mr. and Mrs. Herman Wilson and family ; Mrs Ed. Finnegan and Wallace Wilson; Mr and Mrs. Emerson Cotie and Wendell Wilson; Mies Smithers ; Mr. and Mrs. Hartwell Thompson; Mr. and Mrs. D. Raiharrie and family ; Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell ; Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McDowell ; Mr. and Mrs. John L Hodgins : Mr and Mrs. R. P. Eades; Mr.and Mrs J. E. Hodgins ; Shawville United Church ; Teacher and Scholars,
No. 5 School.	*
B.A., LL. B„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Father and Son Service At United Church
5Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
There was a large congregation for the aimiiil father and son service m the United Church on Sunday night, when the boys of the local Tnxis Square and Trail Rangera camp had charge of the service.
Prayer* were offered by Ronald Masson, Billy Farrell and Ronald Dean ; announcements were made by Grant Gibson, and the Tnxis hynfh was sung! as a quartet by Urquhart Campbell, Wm. McDowell. Cameron and Buddy Row at.
The mentor, Jack Tolburst, was in charge of the service and explained the woik of the boys group*, while Mr. Howard Storey read the lesson as representing the fathers. The sermon was delivered by the pastor. Rev. A. F, Pokes. The ushers were Raymond Lynch, Les Dodds, Hilly Shore and bert Kilgour.
Marquisettes —
Dr. R. E. DAGG
' SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.

New cross bar—dot patterns
#
Green, Gold, Rose, Red, etc.
All 36 inches wide at 25c per yard
PLATEAU 63• 8
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Special Plain Scrim —
All white 34 inches wide at
2 yards for 25c
Gil
BELAIR 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
Rayon flats —
Mr. W. A. Hodgins has given the boys the use of one of his windows'to] display the *w«>ik which 'they have accomplished during the past:year. ' .
Honour The Late Captain Rev. Father W. L. Murray
St. John the Evangelist Church, Campbell's Bay, was crowded to capacity on Friday morning at the memorial mass for Rev. LTapt. \V. L. Murray, M.C.
This is the second! anniversary of the death of Father Murray, which! occurred in California, in 1937. The mass was chanted by Rev. E. T. McNally, P P.
All of the Priests of .the neigh bouring parishes were present in the sanctuary.
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Mesh patterns, etc.
Phcftie 81.
35c to 65c per yard
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
foiira
tiSlIOJ

E

Dental Surgeon
I
tiJlIidlliü
E3IE3
•2'J
LJ
Graduate of McGill University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals t
Special in Mats and Bugs
Bedroom Mats —
Yellow, Rose, Brown, Blue,
Green, and Mauve, nicely finished with fringed ends.
Sizes, 27 by 48 inches
Limited quantity..........
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
PpONK 19
At Campbell1. Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
ever.”
On Monday evening, Shawville Women's Inutilité met in the teachers' room of the high school with a fair attendance, and the president, Mrs. Lawton Corrigan, m the chair. The annual report of the treasurer showed a bank balance of $31, after a most sitc* cessfnl year's activities. An address was given by Rev. A. F.
Fokes on Current Events A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. C, S.
Douglas, principal of the high school, for the use of the room.
The officers elected for the year 1930 are President, Mrs. Lawson Corrigan ; 1st vice pres., Miss Irene Shaw ; 2nd vica-pre*., Mrs. R. A.
Hodgine ; secretary, Mrs. Alf.
Draper; treasurer, Mrs. A G.
Hroilgh ; standing committee, Mrs.
T. C. Wilson, Mrs. C H MacLean,
Mrs. Ï. Shore, Mrs. C. J. Caldwell ; progrxm committee, Mrs. Austin McDowell. Mrs. G. G. McDowell,
Mrs. W» E. Shaw, Miss L. Dab ms.
Conveners-Agriculture, Mrs. R
W. Hodgins ; Canadian Industries,
Mrs H A Hodgins ; Colonization and National Events, Mr* Austin McDowell ; home economics, Mrs.
Harold Hayes ; child welfare, Mrs.
R G Hodgins ; legislation, Mrs. ¦ _	¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ I ¦
G. G. McDowell ; immigration, SMILEY—At the residence of her Miss L. Dahms ; publicity, Mrs BT son, Vertel Smiley, Stark's Cor C Horneri education and better ners, Que , on Tuesday, March schools, Mrs. W. E. «haw.	21st,	1930, Eliza	Jane	Smith,
At the close of the meeting, re-	widow of the late	John	Smiley,
freshments were served by the	in her 76th year.	_	L.
hostesses, Mrs. T C Wilson, Mrs.	one o'clock on Thursday, 23rd
Edgar Hodgins and Mrs. A. D. inst, to St. Paul's Church and McCredie.	Cemetery, Shawville, Que.

All
H. K. NEILSON, IW.D.
Eye. Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL AS # «UlLblNO
JAMES A. MILLAR
Extra value,
B. A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
l29MalnSt.,
At Pontiac Hoese, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoylo’s Hotel, Campbell’sBay,
every Wednesday mowing.
• #
ONT.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE. 2-7961
98c
Hull,Que.
- W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE.
Borderless Rugs —
Heavy Vel-Felt. Four nice patterns to choose from, sizes 6 feet by 9 feet
Special Value	-
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
SHAWVILLE
PHONE, 2-22
110 MAIN STREET,
$1.59
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot's Hotel, Campbell'* Bay,
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p.m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
%
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8 00 p.m.
REPRESENTING OMPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
DIED
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
RKPRKSKNTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone 20-7, *. I, Shawville, Que

Quebec
Shawville
Fiineml at
SHAWVILLE , - QUE


tm
###PAGE###2###
Wasteful Practice
Toronto’s Giant Castle, Casa Loma, Took Three Years To Build
%
'
y
1!
I
>v
Improvement in seed quality is to no avail in agriculture if some producer# retain the idea that the land is an “inexhaustible reservoir of plant food,” W. T. G. Wiener, of Ottawa, secretary treasurer of the Canadian Seed Growers* Association said in an address before the Ontario Crop Improvement Association.
“If we continue to grow weeds by the millions of tons annually, what hope is there of bettering agricultural conditions by use of good seed alone ?”
He described present production practices ns “extremely wasteful.”
“WORTH COMING DOWN FOR!"
«


1

t'ArLi S
Talk «bout « grand, cool tmokcl You can't beat fragrant Dixie Plug — and you cut each pipeful fresh when you want it.

m
4
• *
!

I
/

1

i i
?
E
n -m
m
f
%

t

f

a
r<
-i
Natives of South Africa are being made aviation-conscious by giving them free flights.

PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO


MÜM


3


HAVE
Q. How can I remove an Ink stain from a carpet?
A. Wet the stain with sweat milk, then sprinkle on salt. Let It remain for two or three hours, and follow by washing with clear wat-
jj

How Can I?


R x
aRD

BY ANNE A8HI EY

Q. How can I use sheets that ar» too worn to be used as bed covering?
HE
er.

For Eczema Skin Troubles
A. They can be made Into pillow slips. Take the width of one out of each corner. There will be a seam on each side which makes the hem, and It will take only a few minutes to finish on the sewing machine.
Q. How can I give a brilliant shine to cut glass?
A. A little bluing added to the soapsuds In which cut glass Is to be washed will produce a sparkling effect.
A post office Inspector, on his annual round, called at the little post office of Mud ville, which was run behind a few barrels and sacks In a grocer’s shop.
Tho slipshod way It was managed surprised him.
‘‘Look here,” he said angrily to the shopkeeper-postmaster, “You’re going to hear about this when I send in my report!"
The shopkeeper disappeared behind the barrels, and a little while later emerged with a small box which contained some stamps and coppers and two small exercise books. He turned them toward the injector.
“Here," he said, “take your old post office and get out!"
WOMAN AGED WITH SCIATICA
çjleke xmd S7Hefat
t	WITH THE
mOY SCOUTS,
ÿ
s

Make up your mind today that yoe are going to live your akin a real chance to get well. C.o to any *ood drug store and eel an original bottle of Moone's Emerald Oil— it last» many days because it ia highly tentrated.
The very first application will give yoe relief—the itching of Ecaema ia Instantly Stopped—eruptions dry up and scale off in a venr few days. The same is true of Itching Toes and I-ret. Barber's Itch, Salt Rheum and other akin troubles.
Remember that Moone'e Emerald Oil is a clean, powerful, penetrating Antiseptic Oil that does not stain or leave a greasy residue. Complete satisfaction or money hack.
ar
/
Now Praises Kruschen
When sciatica attacked this woman six years ago, she couldn’t move without great pain. Treatment after treatment failed to ktlp her. She tried Kruschen and Sot quick relief.
“Six years ago, I suffered ter-libly from sciatica/ she writes. *1 tried everything, but to avail. Then I took Kruschen Salts. The first few doses gave quick relief. At th« end of a few weeks my sciatica had gone. Now I always begin the day with a' pinch of Kruschen in a glass of water. I Üve a strenuous life, being widowed four years ago, and having a son to keep. I run a boardinghouse, rise at 6 a.m., and retire at 11 p.m. I am 52, but everyone J» I look 32—thanks to Krus-ehen Salts.”—(Mrs.) F.E.R.
The severe pain which is characteristic of sciatica is often due to needlepointed uric acid crystals In the sheath of the great sciatic serve. Two of the ingredient salts In Kruschen dissolve uric acid crystals. Other salts in Kruschen help Nature to expel these dissolved crystals through the natural channels.

• v%.
r

n



- V

Q. How can I take away any disagreeable odors In the house?
A. By sprinkling ground cinnamon on top of the range. It will leave a pleasant aroma.
Q. How can I soften the hair?
A. After washing the hair, try adding*» half cup of vinegar to the rinsing water. It will soften the hair and give it a pretty sheen.
There are 460,234 Boy Scouts in Great Britain end Ireland at the close of 1938. The census showed 58,891 Scouts within the London
area.
Young European refugees finding asylum In English homes are being Invited to join local Boy Scout troops, or special troops In refugee camps. The Southeast Lancashire County Council Is sending Scouts to personally invite each refugee youth arriving In that area to become a member of the nearest Scout unit.
no
Local
Representative
The successful raising of a fund of 250,000 pounds toward endowment of Imperial Headquarters of the Boy Scouts Association was announced by the President of the General Council. H. R. IT. the Duke of Connaught, at the annual meeting In January.
“But, my good man," said Mrs. Smith, dubiously, to the tramp at her door, “your story has such a hollow ring."
"Yes, ma'am. That's the natural reault of apeaklng with an empty stomach."
That no one ever “muddled through" anything to success, notwithstanding the old British tradition, was a declaration of His Excellency the Governor General, the Lord Tweedsmulr, Chief Scout for Canada, addressing the annual banquet of 1,200 junior Scout leader# and guests at Montreal.
An established concern has an opening for a sober, reliable man, age 35 to 60, who Is well and favorably known In this community. Reply, giving age and experience to Box 780, 310 Concourse Bldg., Toronto.
It may not be generally known that the collapse last winter of the famous Honeymoon Bridge over the Niagara river produced a free library for the village of Queen* ston. When the great Ice Jam occurred, and attracted throngs of visitors, Rover Scouts of the her-orlo community pitched a tent at the scene, borrowed a stove, and sold “hot dogs." In a few hours they netted a *dy sum of $125. And with this fund they turned their “den" Into a library, with shelves, 'shies and standard library record equipment; and at its formal opening displayed a selection of some 700 volumes. Books were secured from various sources, chiefly as donations. Rover Scouts In uniform act as librarians at stated hours.
Some people were visiting a couple, and happened to mention their dog, a big mongrel.
“He's Just like one of the family," said the pup's proud mistress.
"Which one?" asked' her hostess.
Hi
II * ** '	MMOirt *1 • w
¦HU
"I do not believe it," stated His Excellency. “Nobody ever muddled through anything. In the Great War we muddled at the start, and stuck fast in the mud. We won In the end because we had learned to use our brains better than our opponents. Today's problems will never be solved by unstable, clever people with quick brains and nothing else. But neither will they be solved by honest stupidity. Character Is a most Important thing In life, but It must be illumined and directed by intelligence."
il*
Kitty: “It’s five years since I last saw you. You look lots older."
Kate: “Really, my dear? I don't think 1 would have recognized you either if it hadn't been for the coat."
Classified Advertising
?GENTS WANTED
GH AMAI'HOKK RECORDS
j Gardening j
?GENTS WANTED IN EVERY district to sell a product used in every home. This Is a money maker. Box II, Toronto Post Office.
GRAM APHONE RECORDS—10 FOR 1 dollar, large selection. J. White, house, 261 Victoria, Toronto.
You can’t stump film folks. They'd hired a Red Indian tribe to give the right background to a Wild West picture, and wanted a pow wow scene, with the braves speaking their native tongue.
But none of them knew It. They could only speak English. “All right," said the film man, “speak English." Then, after the powwow, they reversed the soundtrack—and now It sounds like regl Redskin talk.
Anyway, picture goers will take It as “read."
HAIR GOOD»
BIG SPARE-TIME PROFITS, REPresenting leading Canadian, American, British publications. Dept A., Fidelity Circulation, Box 100, Toronto.
WIGS, TO U PBS, TRANSFORMA-Hons, Switches. Curls, sod all types of finest quality Hair Uoods. Write for Illustrated catalogua. Confidential terme arranged. Toronto H_
an Ha I r Supply Co. 628 Unthurst Toronto.
VINES
There is a mistaken notion that clinging vines will harm masonry, k England where houses and the churches have been so covered for •enturles such an opinion Is ridic-lied. On stone or brick or stucco walls, they will do no damage and their foliage keeps out oppressive heat In Summer because the wall Is always In the shade.
Kirkland Lake
Baby Capital
BABY CHICKS
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
JA8. RUSSELL, CHARING CROSS, Ont, bought 164 Bray New Hampshire Chicks last season. Cockerels dreeeed 114 to 14 pounds each at 9 weeks and 84 to 8% pounds each at 16 weeks. Bray Cockerels are first class meat producers. Order your Bray Chicks now. Bray Hatchery, 180 John . Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
HIGH BLOOU ritKSStJHK
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRIT# for free booklet sod fun particulars regarding our amazingly eue- x cessful hyblood treatment. Pedigreed Products. Saskatoon. Seek.
Gold is not the most valuable product being produced in Kirkland Lake, Reeve R. J. Carter, of that municipality said last week. “Of far more lasting benefit,” he said, “is its production of young Canadians.
1.	Would it be proper, as an introduction, to say: “Mr. Marshall, this la Mias Wilson"?
2.	Should the wedding rehearsal be held several days prior to the wedding?
3.	When calling to see a friend who Is 111, and one Is not permitted to see him, Is It all right to write a short message on one's card?
4 What should one say, when talking with an acquaintance, and the latter makes some statement with which one heartily disagrees?
6. Isn't it the privilege of a guest to stay out of some game at a party when he thinks the game is too childish and silly?
8 I# It permlssable to use one’s handkerchief at the table?
Answers:
1.	Reverse the names. The man should be presented to the woman. Say: “Mias Wilson, this Is Mr. Marshall."
2.	No; It Is customary to have the rehearsal the day Or evening preceding the wedding.
3.	Yes.
4.	Merely may: “No. I do not agree with you. I think, etc." However, one should do this pleasantly and avoid provoking an argument
6. No. If a guest cannot enter with aest Into all the games, he should not go to the party; nor will he be very popular.
#. Ye#, If necessary, but It should be used as inconspicuously as la possible.
SWEET PEAS
Sweet Peas must be planted very early. This plant develops Its extensive root growth and upper vine structure when the weather Is cool. If It does not get its feet well down Into the soil, then, when the days tnrn hot, it Is liable to wither and cease furnishing Its dally quota of color and fragrance.
Planting directions are simple hut Important. Successful garden-era advise a trench, dug at least a foot deep, filled within two Inches •f the top with rich soil, mixed up with well rotted manure or old leaves. Seed is planted just as early In the spring as possible, about an Inch or two deep. Rains will wash more soil Into the trench, filling It ep gradually and thus adding further to root growth.
When the upper plant starts to develop It will be necessary to supply some climbing support In thn Sorm of brush, strings or chicken wire.
MEDICAL SUPPLIES
OUT OF 164 BRAY NEW HAMP-•hire chicks, bought last Spring, James Russell, Charing Cross. Ont., lost only 2. By the first of August, at 6 months, 82 pullets were up to 70% production. Heavy Fall production spells extra profits. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
DON T SUFFER FROM SORB OR Tired Feet. Try the new Andy # Salve & Liniment, Large Ointment only 81.00—60c bottle.
F RE E—First order only, money back If not satisfied. Please write to Andy's Salve A Liniment Manufacturing, 101 Alexander 8U Toronto.
Mother (to daughter): "Why don’t you yawn when he etaya too long? He'll take the hint and go."
Daughter: "I did, and he told me what beautiful teeth I had."
Uniment Your
Highest In Dominion
“We have, I believe, the highest birth rate in the Dominion—88 per thousand—and one of the lowest death rate he
With a population of 23,000 Kirkland Lake has twice as many live births a year as Niagara Falls, of the same population, and more than either Brantford with its 30,000 population, or Kingston with 26,000, Mr. Carter said.
9 per thousand,”
BADEN WEEKLY STARTED CHICK Specials. We offer the following for Immediate delivery only. Standard Leghorn Pullets. 2 weeks. $21.96.	8 weeks, $25.96;
New Hampshire Rede two weeks, Mixed $1160. Pullets $19.96, Cock-
Three weeks 14.00 Electric Chick Limited. Raden, On-
ORN A MENTALS
RARE AND UNUSUAL ORNAMENtals, trees, shrubs and perennial flowers. Hardy fruits for colder districts. Plants expertly packed, arrival in good condition guaranteed. Express prepaid. Bend for Illustrated catalogue describing over 600 varieties. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery, Dropmore, Manitoba.
low Priced Shares
offer large profit pomMMm wHi risk of litth money.
Fortunes have been made following depression periods by purchasers ability to recognize gains, and courage to buy in times of mass fear.
erela $10.75. more. Baden Hatchery, tarlo.
COULD A SMALL MANUFACTURER
ood as course
make and sell a car as %
Ford at Ford prices? Of not Our large production combined with our policy of only selling direct by mall, not through agents, enables us to sell our 1989 chicks at the lowest prices ever quoted. Grade A Heavy Breeds $11.00, Pullets 118.00, Cockerels Leghorns $10.60, Pullets 22.00, Cockerels $8.00. Extra Profit, Special Mating grade Started Chicks slightly higher. Free Catalogue. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
I'AiKjn •
Canadian National Railways Revenues
with
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR-List of Inventions and full Ioformation sent frea The Ramsay Company, Registered ratent Attorneys, 27* Bank tiL. Ottawa, Can.
bar-
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the week ending February 28, 1939, were $3,847,323, as compared with $3,622,202, for the corresponding period of 1938, « decrease of $74,879.
i
8.00.
PHOTOGRAPHY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 86c. Reprints price. 8 enlarged prints 86c. Brlghtllng Studio, Toronto._
BARBER LARDER — U
Addieea and Omega.
MARTIN BIRD—Actively developing era Lecated la southern Larder
VEGETABLES
The smaller the amount of space available for vegetables, the more Intensive should be the production. • For very small vegetables like lettuce and radish, the rows 12 ins. apart will be sufficient. Beets, beans, carrots, peas and spinach meed at least 15 Inches between, while potatoes, corn and staked to-toes must have a couple of feet #r thirty inches. Space may be laved with the latter type if something lulck maturing such as lettuce, and spinach are planted in between. The bigger things will not need the fall room at first and by the time they do, the early crops will be out #f the way.
Tendef vegetables are those that are grown quickly, therefore the experts force theirs along with a chemical fertilizer, cultivation and, if possible, water.
ikk;*
PERSON 4L
FOX, DEER AND COON HOUNDS from one to seven years old. guaranteed, also Bird dogs and pure Scotch Collies. Write John 8. Wilson. Merrlckvllle, Ont.
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's, Box 1, Winnipeg.
Work
QUEBEC VIKING—Large property le west el Narmada. Dise drilling.
BOUYN REWARD — Owne fa*
REUNION of
BRITISH
FAMILIES
RADIO
EDUCATIONAL
OUR NEW RADIO MALES SHEET is now ready for distribution. Write for copy. Pieuse specify, whether dealer, amateur, serviceman or set owner. Radio Trade «upply Co.. Ltd., 687 Yonge St, Toronto.
CANADIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE
MATRICULATION. SHORTHAND, and bookkeeping. 36 years' experience. You still nave time to write two or three paper» In June. 607 Kent Bldg.. Toronto.
53T
re# prepertiee.
passage money (without interest or other charges) to British people deairing to bring out to Canada their wives, families, relative» or
friends.
Apply for particular» to
HUSKS FOR IOIH GARDEN
FARMS FOR SALK
<>: WHY HAVE
NEW ROMES for your garden from England. Send for free catalogue, five hundred varleliee. Merrk-Iwe&theF# Famous Roses, complete
_____ Write tod eg.
sot. Brush# Nurse#* Rldgevllle. Ont
SORE
GOOD 16u-ACRE FARM. GOOD brick bourne, hi Apply Gideon field. OnL
g bank barn. silo. Schneider. Moore-

hr
cultural direction*. Canadian! lee. Box
U
FEET?
e
#

CROWS HO RE —
HIGH GRADE SEED OATS AND CLOVERS
BRITISH DOMINIONS EMIGRATION SOCIETY
i
SPORTING GOODS
jUtt W* 111
i
la
NO. 1 ALASKA, BANNER, VICTORY, OJLC. Oats at .66 bus. Urban und Vanguard at $1.00 bus. Registered No 1 Grimm Alfalfa at .32 lb. (sealed bags); No. 1 Grim fa I fa at .81 lb. No. 1 Red Clover at .18 lb No. 1 AlilC at .18 lb. No. 1 W.B Sweet at .06 lb. Tim. othy .06 lb. f.o.b. Chatham, bgg» free; Cash with order. Kent |nd Essex Seed Qçowers, P O. Box in* Chatham, Ontario.
FISHERMEN: WRITE FOR Ol H New Fishing Tackle catalogue out about April IsL B. MANSE 171 Craig W., Montreal Quebec.
I
preeertie# la Q
sKrar
(ffefaMleAed/## J)
217 Bay Street
Toronto
m Al-
t'A NM NO
(Hood Office: London, Eng.)
All civil aviation activities Ir Rumania have been placed under control of the Ministry ot Air and Marine.
o. FIRTH
too BAY ST., TO*ONTO
ÉXPERT TANKING OF HIDES KO*
Harness Lace A Robes. As#
1
«
Issue No. 11—*3»




###PAGE###3###
By GENE BYRNES
*
//

u

K*
CfO w*
u
I
•l
M


I
'i^

S

HJt' *
THE WORDS
"POS/T!V£" ATNO -A/EGAT/\Z£ ~ ELECTRICITY
m
m
u
faff
BELONG TO THE
davs when rr
WAS REGARDED


i
A BODY OVERCHARGED WITH THE FLUID WAS CAi t £D Sv&OS/T/VSi AM KV UNDERCHARGED lK\i BODV WAS
I


<
V,v
I
7
auxiliary comprise* forty boat* and 200 men and the Reserve, training entire» included navleitinn. aimelltn» mine
tv
NB2>AT/\/E.

I

teorological studies under way in Northern Canada and a study by United States weather men In 1937 on Ellesmere Island off the Northwest coast of Greenland, Capt. Clifford J. MacGregor, United States weather expert said last week. *
He said that most weather conditions in the Lower Lakes region result from movements of polar air masses and of air masses from the Gulf of Mexico.
“The polar air masses either come down by way of the Pacific Ocean, or over a snow covered or dry Canada/1 said MacGregor.
“The warm-air mass from the south comes either laden with moisture from the gulf or from the desert.
“At present we chart the Southern movements pretty completely. We are now beginning to check more closely on the polar masses.
“We can tell where they’ll meet, when they'll meet and whether the result will be snow or rain and so forth. When weather is charted like that, it no longer becomes a question of 'probably rain or snow tomorrow or the next day.'
“Instead, we can answer all the questions definitely.''

m
Making of Cheese An Ancient Art

The
jèr
BOOK SHELF
r	PROBABLY WOULD BECOME
THE A/WOR/CA/V HAT/OMAL. B/fZO SHOULD THE EAGLE EVER. BE FORCED TO ABDICATE ITS THRONE.
O
Origin of Its Manufacture Lost In Mists Of Antiquity
By ELIZABETH EEDY
“THREE MARRIAGES'*
By E. M. Delafield
This clever author who writes co entertainingly has long been noted for her satirical portraits of women who get married for the sake of being married; or of wo-who Just fall short of doing that. Come to think of it, Mrs. Delafield can be cruel as well as amusing.
In “Three Marriages” Mrs. Delafield treats three women of different types, different periods — Rose who lived in the 1850’s; Violet the little prude who belonged to the Mauve Decade; Cathleen, a lovely-souled creature “who meant to be happy” in 1937, but was defeated by oircumstanc Three stories, illuminating commentaries on women and marriage and what the former think about the latter.
“Three Marriage»” ... by E. M. Delafield .
Isa Company of Canada .
NOME.	I
ALASKA.
IS FARTHER.	M
WEST"	B
THAN	1
HONOLULUZ B s
...Ê
NO king has The full support of all his people, and so there ant those who oppose the bald eagle as the national bird of America. Because of the love and respect held for the cheerful meadowlark, his name often Is mentioned as • true All-America successor to the present ruler.
The manufacture of cheese is so old that its origin may be said to be lost in the mists of antiquity. There does not appear to be any country or tribe in the world’s history, stated P. W. McLagan of Montreal in an address on the development of cheesemaking in Canada to the meeting of the Canadian Produce Association, «recently held at Montreal, which has not made milk fat its sustenance into some form of cheese. There seem to be hundred of varieties.
Cheese is mentioned in the Bible in the Book of .Chronicles, where it is written that at a time when the Israelites were at war with the Philistines, a farmer named Jesse sent his young sen, David, to visit Ms three brothers who were in the am, and to carry to them a quantity of parched corn, but, to the captain of the company, he was enjoined to present ten small cheeses.
In the recent excavations of Ur of the Chaldees, the birth place of Abraham, a mosaic frieze was discovered representing dairying scenes on a farm attached to a temple, more than 6,000 years ago (8,100 B.C.). There is a procession of cows, two calves are seen issuing from the barn door, and men sitting on low stools are milking cows. Calves duly muzzled are roped to the cows’ head-stalls so as to encourage her to give milk. Another part of the frieze shows two clean shaven men wearing fleece petticoats, the official dress of priests, pouring milk through a strainer into a vessel set on the ground, while two others are collecting the strained liquid into great stone jars, perhaps preparatory to making cheese.

.
/
Z
32
o
/
8

men
com i>17 # NLA it»«hcc. ma

Feminine Athlete ]
13	Sun god.
14	Myself
17	Lock parts.
18	Guns.
20 Complained. 23 To put up an
- HORIZONTAL 1 Pictured American tennis ace.
10	Soon.
11	Golf device.
12	Bundle of official papers
14	Musical note.
15	Before.
16	Conducted.
10 Small transport boat
21	Wing.
22	Otherwise.
23	Instigates.
25 Hair tool.
28 Like.
20 Writing tools.
31 Starch. %
33	Morindin dye.
34	Nick.
35	Male children 36 She was
chosen -
A
Toronto: Macmil-
$2.25.
• #
e #
Steel Wigwams
DEL
ante.
Definite Weather Forecasts Coming
24	Girdle.
25	Government official
26	Mother.
27	She is a tall
MARCONI
The first 1.5C0 of ten million “steel wigwams” were distributed in Islington, Greater London working class district last week, to the
Reports To Be More Accurate I puzzlement of residents who asked Shortly As Soon As Extensive “What are we going to do with Studies In Northern Canada them?”
Ar* Cnmnleted	Government regulations require
Are Completed	I th# bâsei of the sir raid shelters
be burled three feet underground In the backyards of homes.
girl
30 Finishes.
32 Race end.
34 To behave.
36 Line of color. 38 Hostility to
title in 1936 (PL).
VERTICAL
49	Cover.
50	Inlet
51	Toward.
52	Father.
54 Tiny vege-. table.
Weather reports will be mors definite shortly as a result of me-
law.
39	Drone bee.
40	Vulgar fellow
41	Sea duck.
44 Tatter.
47	2000 pounds,
48	Roof point covering.
50	Railroad.
51	Note in scale. 53 Form of “a." 55 Like.
2	Honors.
3	Deduces.
4	Folding bed.
5	Foe.
6	Preposition. woman tennis ?To feast, player in 1937.
Inaugurate Toronto-Montreal Air Mai! Service
37 Rectified.
40 To punish.
42	Ladies.
43	English coin.
45	Ghastly.
46	Grazed.
47	To exchange
8	To exist.
9	To ignore.
12 She was
in the finals in 1937
57 She was-----
of the national tennis
3

17.	For It is better, if the will of God should so will, that ye suffer for well-doing than for evil-doing. If, we know ourselves to have com-mittèd no evil worthy of suffering, and are being punished only for the sake of our Lord, then Is there no sorrow, and no sense of defeat, and we can praise God every hour of the day and night, no matter what the punishment may be
right with God is everything.
18.	Because Christ also suffered for sins once, the righteous for the unrighteous, that he might bring us to God; being put to death in the flesh, byt made alive in the spirit. The suffering we endure is never something that we plan for; the suffering that Christ endured he purposed, even in the long ages before he came down on earth, for by his suffering, even unto death, he was able to make atonement for all unrighteousness and thus bring us to God.
n
5

2
To be
E1
7



bi
i
“SSrSESSSas*-
service over
By William
Ferguson
This Curious World

instruments” was dug up by archeologist Stuart Piggot and his wife while investigating ancient burial mounds near Long Crlchel in Dorset
This is not the first evidence of a prehistoric trepanning operation found in England, Piggot declared. But It was the first with evld that gave the date of the skull This was determined by s pottery vessel found alongside the skeletoiu
They Fixed Skulk 40 Centuries Ago
LATEST AUXILIARY OF CANADIAN NAVY COMPLETE TRAINING
Evidence that trepanning operations were performed by primitive man In Britain nearly 4,000 years ago has been discovered by arche-dogists.
A skeleton whose skull had been operated upon with flint “surgical
/

1

I

i



r
Sunday School Lesson
LESSON XII
Peter Exhorte To Christian Living
1 Peter 3:8-18
Golden Text: Like as he who called you Is holy, be ye yourselves also holy In all manner of living. 1 Pet. 1:16.
The Lesson In Its Setting
Timo — We cannot determine with absolute accuracy the year in which the apostle Peter wrote his two epistles, but It Is generally believed that the First Epistle was written somewhere near A.D. 60.
ijiibhhhbbmbmbmbbbmi
of the last chapter of this epistle the apostle uses the phrase, “she that Is in Babylon,” and from this some have argued that Peter wrote this epistle from the great city on the Euphrates River; others have advanced the theory that because the ancient city of Cairo. Egypt, wa.* called Babylon, the epistle was written there. It Is more generally believed that here Peter used the word “Babylon” to designate the city of Rome.
8.	Finally, be ye all llkemlnded. Christians ought to be of the same mind because they are members of the same body, the Lord Jesus ChrlsL Compassionate. Loving as brethren. In secular Greek the won) here means the love of brothers for brothers, but In the New Testament It Is used In what Is really a new sense, of love for those who are brethren by virtue of the fact that they are “begotten again” (1 Pet. 1:3). Tenderhearted. Humblemlnded. Having a modest opinion of one's self.
Return Good For Evil
9.	Not rendering evil for evil, or reviling for reviling; but contrarl-wl*a blessing. We can hardly show ourselves Christians more vividly than in obedience to Just such an admonition as this. Not an easy thing to do, yet certainly possible, as the Holy Spirit dwells within us. For hereunto were ye called, that ye should Inherit a blessing. God blesses, therefore we should bless; he forgives us, and therefore we should forgive others. We were called into such a high life as this when we accepted Christ and received from him a new llfé.
Men may give good words with the lips. while the heart Is full of bitterness.
10.	For, He that would love life, and see good days, let him refrain his tongue * om evil, and his lips that they speak no guile. The object wished for Is not mere life, as such, but a life that a man can love instead of bating with the hatred that Is engendered, on the one hand by the satiety of the pleasure-seeker, and on the other, by bitterness and wrath.
Turning Away From Evil
11.	And let him turn away from evil, and do good. The objectives which are here expressed will never be attained unless there is definite determination on the part of the man to achieve these virtues. Let us remember that we cannot 1o gerfi until we turn from evil. These things we do because the life of Christ in us impels us to these efforts. Let him seak his peace, and pursue It. To live together In families, in nations, ao a race, to seek peace, to seek the smooth working of this complicated fellowship, we are to rid human fellowship of its envy and Jealousy and thoughtlessness and ill will.
It. For the eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous, and his ears unto their supplication; but the face of the Lord is upon them that do evil. The springs for all holy en-. deavor are in our knowledge of God and his Son, Jesus Christ. In other words, the future rules the present; heaven controls our actions on earth.
13. And who is he that will harm you, if ye be zealous of that which Is g::3?
In the thirteenth verse
Above Fear of Man
14.	But even if ye should suffer for righteousness’ sake, blessed are ye: and fear not their fear, neither be troubled. Compare the words of our Lord In the Sermon on the Mount (Matt. 6:10; Rom. 8:33-35). The righteousness here spoken of Is, of course, not the righteousness of Christ, which is Imputed to us, but the righteousness which we
•ourselves practice, after our conversion, in doing the things that are right. Fear not their fear — the things which they would dread, and with which they will threaten you. For what are they?
15.	But sanctify in your hearts Christ as Lord. Peter says that the holy fear of God will lift us above the feat of man. Being ready always to give answer translated “answer” means to defend one’s self. To every man that asketh you a reason concerning the hope that Is In you. Yet with meekness and fear.
18. having a good conscience; that, wherein ye are spoken against, they mey be put to shame who revile your gcc3 manner of life In Christ. A gc:3 conscience is the best reason for the hope that Is within us. An apology may be well learned, well expressed, eloquent; but It will not be convincing unless It comes from the heart, and Is backed up by life.
The word
ranr-iarcmn nnnwinv:
¦	anaiiM*] ¦ unmumH
ma nnfl a [aim >::<
H :18H HWli 4
HOBOnHClf
Htinras wn , m
¦	SJr-infflH 8 8C3
nm muiBH hihejiu he
fflBiaaH ISMH MBilElti
Irena tdrarana msra?
ffillklNWHMM ¦ UIIMCO*
Ill
uni

%

V
f
T ST


»





» 4*




• #

st

IV
r

tv
. ,V
f

/-y



i





floeo



e-T
4


*



*
# I
.v>






sw-



.:.• a"'

>
f A




¥

gw
-

>
v*?

*







#0
BBL


ateMHMF
ifef,
4









#4



%

a#







*vo








mm






AVi

nrniliaB
¦Wf,
wF W









>.
i
9

t

» I
mu
FZ

ii

d


>u
p
THUMP*
Û
»
t

‘C
„j£b

it
V.
• )
V
;s >z


i&tSÏiî"
U1 Ui
H**i
ill
J
t
a

qW
u

i» •
>
•^V	* »y
m
\


<
s;
T
;


M °
it * 1
r
Q

<3 - r

<3
u.
Q

:'3"
G>
•7
>
O

\

###PAGE###4###


applied by the cattle owner at his ex pense.
Any parties infringing on this by-law will incur a penalty of from ten to twenty dollars. This by-law will come into force fifteen days after date of publication. On motion of McNeilt-Oriy the Scc-Treas. be instructed to have 500 copies of this by law printed and have same sent to all cattle owners in the municipality.
On motion of Crs the meeting adjourned,
THE EQUITY
HODGTNS
GARAGE
Spring Time is

SHAWVILLE, MAR. 23,1939
Baby-Chick Time
Bristol Council

Regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township of Bristol was held on Monday, March 6th. Present :
Mayor McLellsn and Councillors Duff,
Fitzsimmons, McNeill and Orr.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of McNeill and Duff were adopted.
Cr. Beattie took ins seat.
Lewis Glenn appeared re a proposed
ditch on range 8. This was left over Regular quarterly session held at
to next meeting.	Campbell’s Bay. on 8th March, 1939.
A request was received front Hugh \jember8 present : Councillors Dowmy, Boss to have the valuation of his pro- Brenoao> McGuire, Pleau, Judd, Peever, perty divided. Motion by Orr and Ur8weIli Rouleau, Racine, Barr, Me l itzsimmons, that the North i L"t Lel|an< McDowell, Kennedy, McCann 18-B be valued at #1700 and the re- and McConnell, with the Secretary maining quarter and Lot 19 B be T,ea8Urer
valued at 11,000.	In the absence of the Warden, who
Garth Graham s bill was again con- d;d uot contest his seat as Mayor in the e i de red. On motion of Beattie- >rr, jan’y election, Cr. McLellan was voted the bill was refused as this man got the t0 th*e cbair to preside until a Warden same wage, as the men who performed elected, on motion of Crs. McCon-the same work—Carried.	nell and Judd, all the Mayors elected
Correspondence was read from the ja8t january having subscribed to their Gatineau Power Company.	No action	oath 0f	office. Municipal elections in
taken for the present time.	two of	the local municipalities whose
Letters were read from Messrs. W. K. may0,.8 were present will be held in McDonald and C D. Howe, Minister ot May, 1939.
Transport.	Councillor Barr, of Clarendon, was
Messrs. W. Beattie and Walton Smiley nominated for Warden by Crs. Carswell appeared and requested a grant to re- and McDowell, and Cr. Carswell, of pair the sideroad between	Lots	II2 B	BrySOn,	was nominated for the position
and 13-b, Range 8. Motion by	^ ^	by Crs.	Judd and Racine, and on the
K itzsimmons Duff, that this Board vote being taken Cr. Carswell received give a grant of $15.00for this road. '9 votea and Cr. Barr 2, the majority Councillor Henderson took his seat vote consisting Crs Barr, Judd, Racine, On motion of Beat tie Henderson, the p^ver, McConnell, McGuire, Kennedy, following tender for cedar squares and [)owney and Pleau, and the minority plank were accepted :	vote of Crs. McDowell and Carswell.
Andrew Dagg, 500 of 0x6 at $20. per M The chairman declared Cr. Carswell Austin Dagg,	1,000 4 44	“	20.	44	elected Warden for the ensuing year,
1,000 of 8x8	“	22.	44	and the Warden elect subscribed to his
R. J. Lucas,	2,000 44 6x6	41	20.	“	oatb 0f office, thanked the council for
4 'n-	22.	41	(he honor conferred upon him, and took
J H. Brown,	6000 tt of	6x6 and	5000	the seat at the head of the council
of 8x8 and 4000 ft. 4 inch pi ink board which was vacated by the chair-at $22. per M.	man pro tern.
A letter was read from the Fish and Crs. Kennedy and McCann were up-(lime Association. On motion ot pointed County delegates in conjunction Beattie-Fitzsimmons, a grant of $8.00 with the Warden fur 1039 on motion of
Crs, Pleau and McLellan ; and John
I>. Moorhead auditor for 1939, on mo Howard, re money for roads for this lion of Cr8 Kennedy and Birr.
year. Motion by Beattie-Fifzsimmons, The financial statement and auditor's
that this Board request the Department report for the year ended 31st of Dec
of Roads to give a grant of $3,000 to vm[)er 1938, was re id and laid before
this Municipality to be spent: on the the council, showing total receipts of
50-50 basis on the McKee-Weirateud $3^1.91 during the year, and total dis-
Road—Carried.	bursements of $3,184.44 ; a credit bal-
()n motion of Orr-McNeill, the fol- anec in the Bink of #397.47 and tin-lowing bills were approved and paid collected taxes amounting to $333.87 ; J. M. Argue, cedar squares....	47 28 totaj â8#et8 0f $1,98*74 and no lia-
Peter Moyle, 32 loads of gravel 3 20 bilities as 00 the 3lst December 1938, J. Millar supplies to J McDonald 5 6< and the report was adopted on motion
L Trudeau 2 45 Crs Brennan and McLellan.
Steel Company of Canada, for _ R. \\\ Hodgins, Sec.-Trees. of Pontiac snow fence ami posts ....	24 97 Agricultural Society, No 1, at Shaw-
Also that bills from the Gatineau vj||e< presented a letter thanking the Power Company and Ben Craig be held councj| for p„st grants and requesting
over-	similar favors in the future, and on
motion of Crs. McCann and McGuire, the following grants were voted to Agricultural projects for 1939:—#200 00 to each of the three Agricultural Societies holding Fairs this year—Shaw ville. Chapeau and (jityon—#600 00 in all : #50.00 to each of three School Fairs—Sheen. Elmside and (juyon— $150.00 in all ; #125 00 to each of two Short Courses in Agriculture to be held in the Spring of 1940—Shaw ville and Chapeau—and $50. to one in (juyon— $300.00 in all.
... .....	, v „	„ ... r, .	A k't" from T. J. Moorhead, secre
i> A McKay, J N Lusse.1, V> m Graham, tary of the newly organized Ottawa S E Lucas and Wm Henderson.	î
Valuators—Geo A Fin Ian, Clarence Irwin and Walton Smiley.
Sheep Valuators—W J Marks, Frank McKee, J W Campbell, R W Emmerson,
John Caldwell, Jas. Glenn, Jas Graham, and M P Stanton.
Road Foremen :—
And to make Chick time profitable and pleasant instead of unprofitable drudgery, we advise that you purchase good chicks froiu Blood Tested Floeks, and feed them a Baby Chick Feed that is dependable as well as economical.
For more than ive years we have been manufacturing and constantly improving the quality Fades* Eggslent Chick Mash Starter, until now we believe it to be equal to any on the market.	. >
Below we list several of many reasons why we do not hesitate to ask that this year you stick to this feed for your chicks.
1st—It is manufactured in compliance with the Federal Feeding Stuffs Act of 1937, and registered under this act, bearing Registration No. 1094. Every pound is uniform-aly mixed and must comply with the following guaranteed analysis ; Protein 17 per cent., Fat 4 per cent, Fibre (Max.) 7 per cent. Total Digestable Nutrients 83.7 per cent
2nd—it is composed of Ground Corn, Wheat, Barley, Oat Groat, Bran, Middlings. Wheat Germ, Alfalfa Leaf Meal, Fish Meal, Meat Meal, Feeding Bone Meal, Fine Oyster shells, Powdered Buttermilk, Oil Cake Meal, Cod Liver Oil, and Iodised Salt
This combination of ingredients assures a feed that is rich in Vitamins A, B, l), E, and B-2 or O, as well as being amply fortified with Calcium for Bone building, Lactic Acid for addided resistance to disease ; Phosphorous and Chlorine for proper assimilation of the Calcium and Iodine for general health of the baby chick.
3rd—It is mixed fresh and kept fresh, and this is a most important factor in preserving the quality of a feed. Cod Liver Oil loses it's Vitamin Potentcyon bring exposed to the air for any length of time. Meat and Fish Meals become rancid when mixed with ground grains and left standing for anytime. Buttermilk Powder, because of the drying process that it undergoes, has a marked affinity for moisture, and when mixed with ground grains it combines with the moisture in them and ferments in a short time, losing all of it* feeding value No bag of Eades* Eggslent Chick M*sh is never shipped from the mill if it has been mixed for more than ten days. We absolutely guarantee that it is always delivered perfectly fresh only.
4th—When you purchase this feed the largest percentage of your dollar is spent for food value obtained. You have no salesman's commissions or travelling expenses to pay for ; no freight charges or advertising overhead to meet. We levy one charge only and tlmt is a profit that iv as small as that of any Feed Manufacturer, and often smaller than the profit Feed Dealers usually levy on feeds manufactured outside your own community.
5th-When you buy and feed this feed you are helping your own Community, and leaving your money at home. We buy all the supplies that vve can use from you or your •„ neighbour.
Oth—We use only new cotton bags tor putting this feed up in. These bags are not returnable, and you can be certain that they are never contaminated with any Poultry Disease.
7th-This excellent feed sells for only $2.30 per 100 pounds with special discount to users of large amount*.
And lastly you will always find 11s more than ready to help and co-opJ rate with you in any way that we feel will be to your advantage. This year all we ask is that you givfe this feed a fair trial in comparison with any other feed on the market, and we feel that you will fin i as others have, that Endes* Eggslent Chick MaGi is really better value In every way.
Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
I
H I. Smith,
Sec-Treas
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
PREVENT DAMAGE

\
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
BVEEEADT PRESTONS It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
\

J. L. HODGIN8
Phone 64 J.
\
iz'zizizizviz ziziyiziztz^ziziziy.zizizizi/iz z
was giv°n to this Association.
A letter was read from Mr. G. A
DALE’S TINSHOR
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Maple Syrup Equipment
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now ! we can supply you with :
Sap dans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Spoils,
Motion by Fitzsimmons Duff, that the following Municipal Officers be appointed for a term of two years :
Board of Health :—Dr. 8. E. Me Dowell, Win H. Beattie, Peter Doherty, Walton Smiley, W. J. Murray, G W. Craig, Wm Russell and T. P. Graham.
Rural Inspectors—Martin Stanton, Stephen Bell, Wyman, and Stephen Bell, Weirstead, J. H Corrigan, T P. Graham and G. T. Drummond.
Pound Keepers—Ephramin Murdock, Jas Marks, Eddie Alexander, Nathan Smith, Tims Beattie, Harry Creighton,
Pans, all sizes
Iron Coolers,
Valley Tourist Bureau was read, outlining the progress being made in this matter and Mr, Moorhead addressed tin* council until adjournment for lunch was moved by Crs Pleau and Brennan After luncheon communications were read from the town of Pembroke, the Township of Allumette Island East, and the village of Chapeau, advocating the*Construction of a bridge across the Ottawa Hiver at Morrison's Island about Sjj miles east of Pembroke and the Council placed itself on record as being strongly in favor of thy project and appointed the Warden and Cr*
Downey, Brennan, Allard, McGuire,
Pleau, Lawn, McLellan and Kennedy as representatives of this Council on any delegation that may be arranged to urge the construction of such bridge on the Minister of Public Works at Ottawa, and requesting Mr, W. R. McDonald,
M P., for Pontiac, to arrange for such delegation to meet the Minister, on motion of Crs. McCann and McLellan.
The minutas of^last session were read and adopted on motion of Crs.
Kennedy and McCann.
Pontiac Agronomist, Win. Blackburn, filed a letter suggesting advantages to the farming community if a secretary was provided for hi# office in Camp bell’s Bay, but after discussion tin-council decided to take no action.
The secretary-treasurer read his letter to the Minister of Colonization at
bee, dated 17th December last re BHH J I	IJHI I
gemus condition of the Marchand Kennedy and Peever, and $150.00 to bridge over the Coulonge river, near the Sh&wviHe Community Hospital on Fort Coulonge ; also the Minister’s motion of Crs. Barr and McCann. A
call for de es to the Syndicate d’initiative de I’Ontaouais at Hull was not acted on. Voluminous communications from J C. McCuaig, honorarysecretary of the Fish and Game Protective Association at Hull were read but no action taken thereon.
Mr. Duncan W Johnson, of Ottawa,
former dun
council in support of the Ottawa Valley
Tourist - Bureau and after discussion organization	^	^ ^
$250 00 was voted to said Bureau for A communication from (he secret 1P39, on motion of Crs. Kennedy and treasurer of the County Council of Ron Brennan, with the stipulation that a ville suggesting that this council pas* a statement of the (warn	Mid or resolution petitioning the ! * deral |
with ihe Minister of Health' re Vniz.tion should be submitted to thu I Government to establish a minimum
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., HEC’D.
5
Division 1 & 2—J H McKillop ¦¦¦4 & 5—Joe Two! in
7—	Win Taylor tL-p: M Findlay
11—	S S McNeill
13—	Bert Mc Lu mon 15-John Dod*
17 — John McCauley 19—Garth Graham 21—G P Rus^ett 23—F Workman 25—Leonard Stanley 27—Clarence Taber 29 — W W Modes i y 81—Henry Lucas 33—John Doherty 35—Fred Cooney 37—Charles Mayhew 89—Wellington Smith' 41—Wm Sharpe
3—Wm Amv'trong 0—Robert Richards
8—	Frank Hourgenu 10—J C Glenn
12—	Paul Chabot
14—	Geo a Rqssell lfl—Stephen Bell
4 4
Shawville Bakery
44
6<
44
ESTABLISHED 1888
44
4%
44
COACH
INVALID
44
44
44
For a tasty loaf try
GEORGS. HYNES & SON
44
44
44
Shawville Bread
44
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
44
4 4
44
41
Phone 80
44
H. I. H0BB S, Prop.
44
44
44
council at each quarterly session.
A circular from the secretary of the Provincial Anti tuberculosis committee advocating the * establishment of a Health Unit in Pontiac was not acted
garding the doiuocile of one David Tablecoe an insane criminal of $100.00 was voted to the Pontiac Plowmen’s Association for a Plowing Match this Fall on motion of Crs.
4
A grant
a#
Craig 2D—9 J Trudeau 22—L A Hai kneas 24—1) P McCaffrey 20—Joseph Manary 28—Geo K Liions 30-Ray McCaffrey 82—R XV Eiumer-on 84-Hilliaid Beattie 80-Jas Cain 38—Pat Murdock 10—Frank Rny 42—John McKay
price for butter and pork *as read, naming 25 cents per pound for butter, and 9 cents per pound for pork as ap proximately suitable prices, and Crs. Rouleau and Barr moved that this council, in view of the prices being received by farmers at present for these odiicts, strongly urges that such action taken by the government at the prices suggested for butter and pork live weight.	¦ 6.	-
County of Pontiac By-law No. 80, levying the sum of $3,886 68 to cover the necessary expenses of the Council for 1939 was then introduced on motion of Crs. Pleau and Racine, an j given first, second and third reading on motion of Crs Brennan and Rouleau, and Crs. McGuire and Kennedy, and passed, after which council adjourned on motion of Crs. Rouleau and McGuire.
H. T. Hukdmasi.
i j	Sec Treas.
41
BLOCK OF UNO FOR SALE
One
dan
4«
*4
on
*•
On motion of Crs. Pleau and Downey the Minister of Trade and Commerce was urged to assist the publicity efforts of the Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau by having photographers connected with his department take photographs of historic and scenic beauty spots in Pontiac and Renfrew count motion of Crs. McCann, and McLellan, Messrt, W.' R. Me Don aid, M. P, Edward C. Lawn, M L A , and Q. A. Howard were requested to give all possible co operation to said
44
A block of land, containing a\q _ mately 25 aces. Twenty acres x-1 gar den soil, at present under hay, ^nd acres of pasture with a never failing creek running across :L Situated on an excellent highway 14 miles from town of Arnprior, and half mile from village f Braeside. An ideal location for raising hogs, chickens, bees and vegetables. A beautiful place for a Summer home for town or city dwellers. Should you 1h* h oking for a location such as the above, do not fail to look this
roxi
41
reply that this bridge was at the charge of the local municipality, He also read his letter of condolence on behaif of the council to the family of the late Dennis Kennedy, and Cr. Kennedy expressed bis deep appreciation of the tribute e secretary treason r informed the
44
five
c
44
44
• <
44
ies, and on Pleau, Barr
14
By-law No. 12ft, hi dug
pose the extermination of the Warble council that his guarantee bond with Fly was proposed, submitted and the Employers Liability Assurance C«m accepted as follows :	poration for $2,000.00 as secretary
By these present it is h» nac? treasurer of i nnty of Pontiac had that all cattle in the municipality be been renewed for another year from the treated for the warble fly three times 1st March instant, and filed the receipt during each spring until this by lay is of the «1
amende! or repealed. About 20 to 23 newal with the Minister of Municipal days to elapse between treatmentj Affaire He also read his r material to be supplied fiee and to be den

publicity officer : r tin- Cana-National Parks addressed the
one over
ÿ Apply to
W. G. MacLsan,
BqK IB, Arnpnor, Out
tificate of re
the

I

9
###PAGE###5###








¦>?
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
Shawvillb Vkitkd Church ‘ Rkv A F. Fokeh B. A., B.D. Pastor
|4	7 Sunday, March 26
MOO am , Service at Shaw ville 1 30 pm, Service at Zion l OO p.m., Service at Stark's Corner#.
Sermon Subject : “When the Disciple#
mode their chMice”
7 30 p.m , Service at Shawville
Sermon Subject : “The Way of Christ”
BeteblIeMé IM4
roBLnmiD «vsry thvrsuat at SHàWVÏULB, QUEBEC


annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United State*.
Successor to G. F Horigins Co. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
$1.50
# #
2.00
i
All arrears nftist be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
NEW SHOES FOR SPRING and SUMMER
Bristol United Church
C. Abmstroxo-Salb», B. D.
Sunday, March 26
8t Andrew's, Service at 10.30 *4	“ Sunday School 11.90
Service at 2.30
HIIIhBI
w. O. 00WAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices, Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Austin,
Sermon Subject : “Where Jesus Live#”
7.30
Roj/ 6. Fraser III AH the very latest styles in
Women’s and Misses Men’s and Boy’s and Children’s
Now on display in our New Boot & Shoe Dept.
Never before in the history of this store has there been a more complete and up-to-date stock.
Now is the time to lay in your supply of
rubbers. The prices are now lower than they have been for years.
Keep your feet dry and comfortable this Spring, by wearing Kaufman Rubbers. You can still buy them at the low price, but expect an advance any day.
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. O. Newman, M.A..B.D
Sunday, March 19
11.00	a. m.—Set vice at Wesley 2 30 p. m.—Service at Bristol
7.00	p. m.—Service at Yarm
ANGLICAN
Sunday, March 26
5th Sunday in Lent St. Paul’s
10.00	a. m—Sunday School
Morning Service Withdrawn 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer Holy Trinity
11.00	a m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s Service Withdrawn
Gilt», Novelties
Flowers,
RENFREW, ONT.
PhOBW 160
aox 886

f
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage orders of 11.00 or over, phone
|6.00 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay.

On
On orders of
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
II
Week day Service* St. Paul’s
Wednesday
7.46 p.m.—Evening Prayer
F riday
8.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
aed 11 p.a.
r
i

Beattie’s Eye Service

Mint
,Wjj2
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
PabihiTof North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, March 2Ç
10.30	a m , Morning Prayer at North
Onslow
2.30	p.m., Evening Prayer at Charteris

I
flew Prints and Broadcloths
All the latest patterns and colours
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg â Poultry knock**
BRISTOL. OUB
Farm Fop Sale
Scientific Eye Examinationi
Congoleum Gold Seal Rugs
Oongoleum Gold Seal Rugs and Congoleum Gold Seal by the yard.
One of the most desirable Farms in the Township of Fitzroy. Beautiful brown stone house, good large outbuildings good fences and very heavy rich soil. Situated on Highway 17.
Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG,
Insurance <fc Real Estate,
§	Arnprior, Ont.
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; !ar
Eye Defects
T.T. BEATTIE.
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometrist.
New Wall Paper
For Spring and Summer of 1939
hundred different patterns to
If you take quality into
Ori-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
Look Here
Over one
> choose from.
consideration our prices are lower than
any Catalogue House in existance.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost etc'.
O
FOR SALE-One grey Work Hone, weight 1350, sound in every way. Apply to4, H. Strutt, Sbawvllle.
Sleep Your Way to Health
on
Monuments in Marble and Granite
FOR SALE—Matched Pair Clydesdale Coif», two and three years old. Apply to Harry Corrigan, R.R. No. 1, Shaw ville. Phone 20- 5.
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
76 cents
For Two Pound Tin
On Simmmon’s Beds, Springs and Mattresses
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
New Spring Furniture
FARM TO LET ON SHARES - One hundred acres of .umdy-looui land, cleared, forty acres plowed ; heavy timbered hu»h lot of Coopciage wood, logs and hardwood ; »ne team cf horses, a little stock and equipped with good farm machinery ; Married couple preferred For particulars apply to Tmr Equity Office.
Phone, 278
See our new Spring Furniture on display in
Magnificent Furniture Parlor.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
our
THE CORNER STORE
FOR SALE—Prairie State Incubator, 150 egg capacity. Price $10 E. H Me*. Sbawvllle.
Apply to
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
Que.
I
FOR SALE—A quantity of pressed hay moatly Timothy, Apply to Clifford : Horner, R.R. No. 1, Shawville, Phone
15 16.
MacLeans
SHAWVILLE,
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to 0 F. Hodgigs Go., Limited
MEN-Here la good paying work with a large manufacturing concern of 200 daily necemdtle» used In every hçme. Sure and quick repeaters. No experience needed. Good pay every day if active, and permanent business certain if pre nerving. Investigate our Plan at once Catalogue Free F AM ILEX CO., 170 St Clement, Montreal.
Ill
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I#
Reductions on
Memorials
Arriving This Week - Carload of Quaker Ful-O-Pep Starter
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1939 by
GARD OF THANKS
in
The family of the late Mrs. Jamea Wilson desire to exprès» their heartfelt tlnnks to friends and neighbour» for acta of kindness and expressions of nympatn during their recent bereave m
Marble and Granite
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd
Fop Use of Improvements
Saw logs, 17 feet and under,-per 1,000 feet Beard Measure
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a lovsd on
We believe that our years of experience in the manu facture of memorials, enables us to produce memorial at all
We offer placed bet wee 1st, a discoun
Chick Starter Chick Developer Growing Mash Egg Mash
Scratch Feed, course
¦HÜ
5 cents
In Memoriam
Bed and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or fluted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet Board Measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet.........
Palp wood per 1 ord.......
Benedict—In loving memory of our lighter, F re id*, M Emery Benedict, who died March 20, 1932.
Seven years have passed and still we miss her,
Never shall her memory fade ;
Loving thoughts shall ever wander To a grave where she is laid.
Sunshine passes, shadows fall,
Love, remembrance outlets all ;
And though the years may be many or few,
They are filled with remembrance ' dear Freida, of yon. .
I	Always remembered by
l ather ,
*	Sister and Brothers.
6J cents
a suitable

7$ cents
a
n
or
Turkey Meal Calf Meal Pig Starter
73 cents
B

Shawville
Marble & Cr&niL Works Main Street, Shawville, Que. I
5 cent*

E. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary.










I





B









xA



. >
Y

wm
' ¦ -
























###PAGE###6###
«%
>
the past weels. She bent forward, hiding her face in the cool crimson of the flowers, trying to think.
“You can help — you can help. Sweeney would do It for you would give me a break. Get him to co-operate —" Larry's words came back to her with an incessant re-
of an lS-year-old girl. She couldn’t let him make such a complete fool of himself. Too soon he would realise the uselessness of the effort, would see what a ridiculous position he had placed himself In. only memories of the love b'etween them didn’t keep coming back again to tM\ure her. It was;.’* tear s - U things from one’s heart.
Tom’s presence beside her gave her a dvll comfort during the day. Little things he would say. little things he would do to remind her that he was conscious of her.
“I passed these In a florist’s window on the way down this mom-lug.” he said when she came In and hung up her hat and coat. *i could not resist buying them. They are the first proof of summer and I wanted you to have them.”
She breathed in the fragrance of the big feathery red peonies and arranged them In a vase in her little office.
They’re grand, Tom. I’m ever ao grateful."
menu, then grew garrulous, demanding her full attention while he rambled on with some meaningless story of events at school.
His face was flushed; twice she saw his glance dart across the room until finally she herself mettled back In the booth and looked around. Her breath caught and she fought to keep her own features from showing expression and Dottle Barnes?
Larry leaned across the table, smiling his old endearing smile, and putting all his charm Into his voice while he talked to the girl. Pat took a sip of water and said to Joe, *4I,arry and Dottle Barnes." It was pointless to Ignore them.
With Dottle Barnes
Joe grunted. * How come she’s bothering with Larry? He hasn’t got what It takes to play around with in that set."
‘ I don’t know. I’m not being catty, but I suppose it’s something different for her. Maybe she likes to see how the other half lives. Maybe his recent publicity makes him a character In her eyes. He’s probably sold himself as the persecuted victim of a half-cracked witness. Oh, 1 don’t know what It’s all about, but I’m tired and l want to go home."
Tears were near, and Joe, in a sudden fright, drained his chocolate soda and got up to follow.
Thé whole thing was obvious, Pat thought back home in the privacy of her own room, Larry was stupid enough to think that Dottle Barnes could help him. Just because her father was one of the town’s Important men he hoped he could swing power in court. "I'll get help some other way." he had threatened when they parted. Now he was trying to pull strings with the aid
Orange Pekoe Blend
lie

FF
TO RELIEVE MU Ml •ISCOMFORT OF * COLO
Fellow Simple Method Below Takes only a Few Miaitas Whom “Aspirin” is Used
if
i

À
to
petition.
And Tom was hers now waiting for her to answer. Caring for her, wanting her company at dinner. Honest, sincere, striving to make his record before the election.
And some place else In the city Larry, stumbling blindly In
Larry
L To one pshi iol discomfort oad reduce fever lake
_ Tiblots—drink a
llesi of witer
*
te
was
the morass of his own lies, trying like a frightened child to fight hla way clear, not realizing the seriousness of his position.
•'We can have a real meal for a change," Tom was saying, sandwiches and milk like lunch time. Ill have to work later, but If you feel you can give me a few hours —"
She looked up Into his kind brown eyes, at the unruly lock of brown hair falling over his foro-


# SERIAL STORY
«'No
eopmtONT. lass NiA sgaviçg. INÇ.
HIT-RUN LOVE
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
2. If tkmt h raw frset A ••Id, crush sud dll- Jr ^ soNi 3 "Adrirla" Tsh- ZH Ists la Vk giro H 1W water...	/
l*
voice. '«I’ve missed-you so In all this mess. 1 can't seem to think straight."
«'I know, dearest. I do know. But now it will all be smoothed out. You can have your lawyer change your plea. You can tell the Judge the whole story; the true one. and he'll help you Larry. You can probably get off with probation and restitution. What if we do have to postpone the wedding? I'll wait. I'll help. It won't take long to pay all those hospital bills. And then It'll be behind you, and you'll know you did the right thing."
"It won't be that easy though." lie said. "You know it won't. I'd lose my job. 1 couldn't drive again. I'm not going to back down. But you can help."
Cold and Calculating
She sat frozen within the circle
Cast of Characters:
Patricia McGraw—heroine She faced a choice between the law and love.
Waiting For An Answer
It was late In the afternoon when she was finishing up her work that ho came Into her office.
"You're here late," she said, as she looked up from behind the spicy scented blossoms. "I thought you'd gone ages ago."
"I had. but I came back." ho told her. ' I thought you’d still be here. I wondered If you wouldn't like to stay down town for dinner. I have to work tonight aud I'd be glad if you would be a Girl Scout and have dinner with me."
The expression in bis eyes made her heart flutter. "1 saw how he looked at you In court." Larry had said to her.‘Now Tom's eyes told her more of his feelings toward her than all the little gestures of
/
head.
"I'd love to go, Tom. I'll be all ready In no time at all."
To Be Continued
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry's car. He urges her to "fix" a traffic ticket for her brothers to see Just how much "pull" she has In court.
Yesterday: Larry is arrested as the hit-run driver. Pat call» him to give him the faith and love he needs now more than ever before.
Esses Pain and Discomfort and Sore Throat Accompanying Colds
Almost Instantly
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and more throat accompanying colds.
Try It Then - see your doctor. He probably will tell you to continue with "Aspirin" because it acts so fast to relieve discomforts of a cold. And to reduce fever.

The Secrets
f
This simple way. backed by scien* tific authority, has largely supplanted the use of strong medicines m casing cold symptoms. Perhaps the easiest, most effective way yet discovered.
Good Looks
CHAPTER X
Pat was frightened, yet caught again in her old feeling of love when Larry unexpectedly arrived at the McGraw home late in the evening.
She tried to hide her emotions. Such a short time ago bis coming would have been only joyful, filled with the thrill of their planning, the hundred small things that had hound them together. Now she was fighting to make the situation easy.
Alone in the living room with the shaded lamps throwing the couch in shadows. Larry took her in his arms, buried liis face in her hair. A wave of happiness flooded her. Poor Larry, so bemuddled, so confused, coming to her for comfort. She alone could help him, and now this must mcau that the moment had arrived that she had prayed for these last few days. He had seen his mistake, was engulfed in the net he had foolishly thrown up around himself. He would admit It all, would, as she had begged, wipe the slate clean.
T lore you so," he said in a low
i
h
i

Demand and Del
ASPIRIN
fy(VvlrOAû.
of his arms. ‘‘What do you nioau, Larry?"
"You cau help. Church is a good lawyer. People with pull get a good break in auy court. You can work on Sweeney, tell him about us. Get him to go easy. He could even change the charge from involuntary manslaughter to negligent homicide. That's a lesser charge. I saw how he looked at you iu court* today. He'd do It for you."
Slowly she drew	pushing
his arms from about her, staring into his blue eyes, cold and calculating now.
‘‘You say you love me in one breath, and then ask me to do this in the next. I can't understand you, Larry. 1 don't think I even know you."
"Don't dramatize the situation, Pat. You say you love me, too. If so, well here's a chance to prove it. I'm not asking much. Church and I can prove alibis. You can tell all about the drive to the dance. The fender was loose after we came out. Not before. We can break down those witnesses. All you have to do is get Sweeney to co-operate a little."
She moved away, walking up and down, up and down the room, last she turned, her face whitj and drawn. "There's such a thing as honor, too, Larry. I won't lie for you. I won't go to Tom Sweeney, and beg him to throw the case, because that's what It amounts to after all. You committed a crime. An entire family is suffering as a result. You didn't mean to, I know. But you can help them now, and you have to be square. You can't go on lying, you can't perjure yourself on the stand."
Larry got up, put ou his coat and hat and went to the door. "All right then. We understand each other. You won't help. It Isn't love. The first time I ask you to really go to bat for me you talk some senseless drivel. Well, I'll get help some other way."
WW'
Household Science
»
«
TIAM-MAIK «•
i HAVE YOU A DRY SKIN?
There are natural oils in the skin which should, normally, supply the moisture that our skins require. Unhappily, our climate is excessively dry, and gives most of us a dry skin. This is more prone to wrinkle, so we must provide an antidote.
Give yourself a fortnightly face mask. Make a butter muslin mask of two thicknesses, with strings to tie round head and neck and holes for eyes and nose. Then mix equal quantities of almond and mineral oils together, and heat.
Now mix six drops of tincture of benzoin with four drams of toilet water and mix this In with the oil. Cleanse your face with cleansing cream, remove It thoroughly then smear the oil all over face and the neck with your finger-tips.
Next dip the mask In the oil and cover your face with It. Lie down, leaving the mask on as long as Is possible. When taking It off, wipe away the surplus oil with tissues, then with cotton wool pads dipped in astringent.
Women with a dry skin should keep Immaculate. Wash at least twice a day with Palmolive soap because this lubricates the skin with essential oils. Rinse well with cold water. At night, massage thoroughly with a rich tissue cream and leave It on overnight.
Write to me for confidential personal advice. The following detailed leaflets are available for a 3c stamp each:	Face, Eyes, Bust,
Hands. Hair, Feet, Superfluous Hair, Reducing In Spots, Underweight and Slimming.
Please write direct to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 Adelaide West, Toronto, Ontario.
KATHERINE BAKER
What Price Freedom?
ÉftÜÜSÈ
Charles C. Moore, of Columbia, South Carolina, sponsor of a state bill which would tax bachelors between 25 and 60 the sum of $5 a year, said.he did not believe the measure would cause a rush to the ta r
is worin $5 a year to retain their freedom/' Moore declared.
"A lot of men will feel It


i

¦




Younger Fashionable» Adopt Bolero Jacket Dress
Z
( |
V
*

d

wm
ré\ i
At

y

%








r Once you sweeten your , morning cereal
with BEE HIVE i
Syrup you’ll à know how '

A93&

¦

èn



tin






(E {
iklWStZw: YZX'v


F
m










i
-

¦i
Another dessert which cooks who take pride in their meals will find useful is this:
APRICOT FLOAT TAPIOCA*
CREAM
As a rule we think of cranberries mainly in terms of a garnish, but they can be incorporated into this delicious dessert with equal success. While these lovely, colorful berries are still on the market, serve this unusual and delightful dessert.
CRANBERRY AND RAISIN
TAPIOCA
% cup Seedless raisins
1 cup water
1 Vb cups halved, raw cranberries
4 tablespoons sugar
1 cup water
3	tablespoons quick-cooking
tapioca
4	tablespoons sugar H teaspoon salt
Cook raisins and 1 cup water over direct heat 6 minutes. Wash cranberries. Add cranberries and 4 tablespoons sugar to raisins; cover and cook 5 minutes longer, or until done. Place 1 cup water in top of double boiler and bring to a boil over direct heat. Combine tapioca, remaining 4 tablespoons stigar, and salt; add gradually to water and bring to a brisk boil, stirring constantly. Place immediately over rapidly boiling water and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool—mixture clears and thickens as it cools. When slightly cool, add cranberry mixture. Chill. Serve in sherbet glasses with plain or whipped cream. Serves 6.
11
good cereal can taste. ;

rL
1	Cgg yolk
2	cups milk	'
3	tablespoons quick-cooking
tapioca
2 tablespoons sugar *a teaspoon salt
1 egg white
*4 teaspoon almond extract % cup cream, whipped 18 dried apricots 1 % cups water *,* cup sugar
Mix egg yolk with small amount of milk in top of double boiler. Add remaining milk, tapioca, sugar, and salt. Place over itpidly boiling water and cook 8 to 10 minutes after water boils again, stirring frequently. Beat egg white until just stiff enough to hold shape. Fold hot tapioca mixture gradually into egg white. Cool—mixture thickens as it cools. When slightly cool, add flavoring and cream. Chill. Serve in individual dishes with apricot sauce. Serves 6.
For sauce, soak apricots in water 2 to 3 hours. Remove apricots, ad dsugar to water, and cook 10 minutes, or until mixture is of consistency of thin syrup. Add apricots and simmer 6 minutes.
Chill.
IV
s

Always There
Things went on as before, bof a were engrossed with preparations for final exams, with the novelty of the new car over which they worked in the back yard. Yet there was a new tenderness in their attitude toward Pat. The next night Joe bolted his final mouthful of pie and turned to her.
"How about a movie? I'll stand the treat, and there's a swell new show at the Capital."
She agreed, not because she had wanted to go, but because she did not want to refuse his invitation. The boys didn't want her to feel too badly about the recent events. While she hadn’t explained the break between herself and Larry, she couldn’t hide her utter hopelessness from the family who all knew her so well. And then, too, any diversion was welcome if it meant less time to think about herself and Larry.
Yet it was always there, in the darkened movie with the make-believe story unrolling before her, with the music and fun all around. There had been so many movies In the near past which she had seen with Larry.
Joe sensed her feelings. He tried with youthful roughness to make It easier. Out on the street In the soft darkness he swung along beside her with the gangling awkwardness of would-be authority.
“Let's* finish up with something to eet. Gosh, I’m hungry. Let's get something at Tony's."
Smilingly she agreed. Tony'» was popular with the young crowd and going there made Joe feel sophls- -Heated. They were In and seated I before abe saw Joe’s face settle I in a stubborn frown. He sank deep I In a ooncentrated study of the I
Work has been speeded up on Holland's $9,000,000 “Mersey Tunnel," which is to connect Rotterdam with the big docks and airport on the left bank of the River Meuse.
The
NERVOUS WOMEN
¥F you are nervous, \
*weak or have ; headaches or back- i aches, take Dr. |
Pierce’s Favorite |
Prescription. It | tones the female ; organs, calms the : nerves, improves nu- 6
IritiuO and »o etrrngtl,*n» you. Mrs. J. M. Slot! (photo abort), of 243 Brock St., Brantford, Ont., eayet “I wee so awfully nerroua that everything upset and Irritated me. 1 fait week, dreggy and
How Women in Their 40's Can Attract Men
&

Ok40
Here's good advice for m woman during her change (usually from 38 to 62), who fears her appeal to men, who worries about hot flashes, loss of pen, dissy spells.
Just get more fresh at, 8 hra. sleep and If you need a reliable -WOMAN'S" tonic take Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound, made especially for women. It helps Nature up physical resistance, thus helps give more vivacity to enjoy life and assist calming jittery nerves and thoée disturbing symptoms that often accompany change of life. Pink ham's ia WELL WORTH trying.

a he'll l
upset nerves and
1 could cry. After u»!ag Dr. PierceN Faverite Prescription a abort while, my appetite Improved. 1 was • integer, wasn’t eo me sturdy and robust. 1 fell better In every way.** Buy It In liquid or tablets at your dreg at
By LOUISE LENNOX
It’s' spring’s ‘favorite bolero jacket costume in the new rayon print in navy blue and whit* for younger fashionables. This little jacket costume copies the adult mode in its trim fitted high waistline effect and flared skirt. Note the brevity of the bolero jacket. Another important detail is the refreshing touch of white at the neck. The cuffs of the $>uffed sleeves repeat the white. Lightweight woollen in navy blue and white check is just fetching, if you nt something with warmth, ke the collar and cuffs of white
build
Even
NEW IDEAS
Your
Child
*

c
ADVERTISEMENTS
are your guide to modern living. They bring you today’s NEWS about the food you eat and the clothes you wear, the stores you visit and the home you live in. Factories everywhere are turning out flew and interesting products.
• And the place to find out about these new things ia right here in this newspaper. Its columns are filled with important messages which you should read.
FREE ! This 80 - Page
*
CARDEN BOOK
|F
Don't I
loan IOO years Mothers everywhere have trusted Steedmao'a to kernchtltirvn health* telly regular from infancy to early teens.
FREE Sample and Booklet
E
foe
16 PAGES IN FULL COLOR
You'll find all of the Important new Introduction#, as well aa all standard varieties of flower# mpd vegetable». In this beaut!-fully printed SO-page GARDEN BOOK. Many collection# offered at special price# will save you money. Send for your copy today—there*# no charge and no obligation. The Attest b«*tk of It# kind offered In Canada thir year!
EDWARD WMB A SONS,
DIP/. K.
(CANADA) LTD,
146 King Street East, Toronto
ue.
Stylo No. 2932 is designed for sixes 8, 10, 12, 14 and 16 years. #*e 8 requires 1% yards of 39-inch material with % yard of 89-inch contrasting.
Send (16c), Fifteen Cents, (Coin is preferred), for Pattern Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 est Adelaide St., Toronto. Write your Name, Addr Number. Be sure to state olxe you wish.
I
)
I. i fl
-Hli.l» to Mother.*
Stet dman » Cu UHhrlel Hi
« rlf«

SL
Ie»
I
Uhi
M*
^stSdman's
POWDES<3
t
Issue No. 11—’39
and
plainly
Style 1
B
r

###PAGE###7###

FARM INSURANCE
Attorney-General Conant hsa been pointing out that if it wei% not for the farmers' mutual flrê insurance companies, which offer much-reduced rates, it would lie , almost impossible for many farmers to furnish protection for thefr properties. When it is known that these companies now carry a tb-tal of $52,000,000 business in Ontario, their popularity with people living in rural districts may be appreciated, and Times.
Snow Blankets Ancient Citadel in Quebec City
News
Parade
VOICE OF THE PRESS
T- y-

By blizabcth bedy
WANTED—MORE PEOPLE Everybody talks about solutions of the railway problem, but everybody avoids the discussion of the most obvious one; more population —Toronto Saturday Night.
NEAR EXPLOSION POINT: The Internationally famous woman Journalist Paula LeCler who has just returned from a two-month tour of England, Prance,. Poland, Lithuanie and the Baltic States says that a war crisis more intense than that preceding the Munich ••peace” will break over Europe this month or early in April. Only a miracle, she claims, will prevent the outbreak of actual hostilities this time.
An Interesting observation; “Poland holds the balance of power in this delicate European situation. Lying as it does between two great dictatorships. Poland has made It cleaf that while it wishes to be neutral, it will fight any power that touches an inch of its territory”
Brockville Recorder


BEAVERS, BEWARE!
It is evident that, given a real chance, beaver will soon have so multiplied in the province that a profitable trapping industry will •gain be possibl

f


Bathing In a high sea at Great Brak River, South Africa, Rev. p. P. van Huyssteeu lost his false teeth. Four days later the set wig returned to him by a young man who found them on the beach.
%	? f
y
$






%


Sault Star.



#

f
» X’ : >
EVER TRY THIS?
We often wonder if those people who talk about our three thousand miles of unprotected frontier have ever tried to argue with a customs officer.—Hamilton Specta-
i


. ^ 7 L'
Germany supplied nearly nine-tenths of the tools shipped into Italy last year.

.

M
*
z**A4; „•





•V*.


ACHING
COLDS
tor.



:i*

y-
EIGHT PER CENT INDIGENT In December 871,000 persons were receiving relief in Canada. That is about eight per cent of the population, a large proportion in s country of great resources.— Sault Ste. Marie Star.


THE NEW POPE* A triumph for the democracies it is that Eugenio Cardinal Pace 111 has been chosen as the new Pope Pius XII over the protesta of Fascist powers In Europe. Official Germany met the announcement of his election in eullcy silence. (As Papal Secre-
27&Ï&, SaWS! I Blamed For Breath
XI in hla denunciation of Nazi activities against the Catholic Church).
Now, under the leadership of the relatively young and virile Pius XII it seems that the Church la about to abandon its policy of more or less passive resistance and launch a major push all along the ecclesiastical front
Where the man ABOVE is seen walking the King and Queen will walk . . . but in a different atmosphere. It # a picture taken at the entrance to The Citadel, reaidence of the lieutenant-governor of Quebec, where their majesties wil stay temporarily while visiting Canada this summer. The heaviest snowfall in Quebec city Quarter century made the walks mere canyons instead of the vantage points to gaze around the historic
that they WNBMIBHHHHiiHHriNliHHHÉB
Relieve Their DISTRESS This Easy, Quick Way!
Don't take chances. Rub on soothing, warming Musterole. Relief quickly follows.
GREATER OPPORTUNITY	Musterole gets such fine results
The old narrow trails where two	»’• NgT jü8* *	u’» ¦
btsm: sxs
being replaced by splendid wide	gestion and pain,
highways on which six or eight Used by millions for 30 years, ears can collide at the same time. Recommended by many doctors and —Kitchener Record.	nurses Mode in Canada, in three
strengths: Regular Strength, Children's (mild), and Extra Strong. Approved by Good Housekeeping Bureau. All druggists, 4(* each.
in a c fort
are.
Trucks Market Farm Produce
PUCK
Of Another Man
CHASERS
The Provincial Minister of Ag- | riculture has estimated that 90 per cent of Ontario-grown farm produce reaches market by motor truck. Highways, he eaid, had changed shipping and marketing methods to a degree “never dreamed of by the people of two generations ago—Indeed	never
anticipated by our own parents.”
Marketing Methods Changed
Referring to such highway shipments, Mr. Dewan mentioned the fruit and vegetable station at Gra-venhurst inspected 4,098 trucks loaded with produce north-bound from June 18 to Dec. 24, 1988, an increase of 46 per cent, over the previous year.
“Some 443 loads of apples, 193 loads of other products, 414 tone of produce in all were held for reconditioning,” he said.
Sarnia Citizen Asleep In Church Meeting Is Looked At Askance By Congregation Who Smell Liquor.
NEWS OF OjLA. DOINGS
CANADIAN AMATEUR HOCKEY
Playdowns for this season in Canadian Amateur Hockey (Eastern Section) have been arranged as follows :
LOST ITS CHIEF ASSET About 60 years ago, a 60-acre farm in an Ontario township was sold for $2,200; last week it was sold for $626. The explanation lias partly in the fact that it was one# all hardwood, while today it is stripped of bush.—St. Marys Journal Argus.
Rumor has It that one of Sarnia's most njpectable citizens Is being slandered these days, it all happened because the respectable cl tison had been working late at night and was so tired that he fell asleep at a church meeting.
He (the respectable citizen) went to the church meeting one night last week and sat down In one of the rear seats. Another man, a member of the same church, came In and seated himself beside the sleeper. The trouble was that the second man had been drinking — and had sense enough not to show
«
A—Ottawa and District A H A. (8 out of 5 series) vs. Maritimes A.H.A.—at Maritimes A H A. Mar. 16, Mar. 18;
at Ottawa and District A H A. Mar. 21, Mar. 28 and Mar. 26 if
necessary.
B—Winner of “A” Series vs. O.H.A. (2 out of 8 series) Ottawa and District Mar. 26 and Mar. 27 ;
at O.H.A. Mar. 27 or Mar. 29 or Mar. 81 if necessary.
C—Eastern Final (2 out of 3 series)—at Winner “B” Mar. 29, or Mar. 31 or Apr. 3; at Quebec A H A. Mar. 81. or Apr. 3, or Apr. 6 and Apr. 7 if necessary.
Junior Series
A— Ottawa and District A H A. vs. Maritime* A.H.A. limes Mar. 21, Mar. 23 and Marr 25 if necessary.
B—Winner of “A" Series vs. Quebec A.H.A.
“If" Ottawa and District wins “A” Series—at Quebec A.H.A, Mar. 28;
at Ottawa and District Mar. 30 and April 1 if necessary.
“If” M.A.H.A. wins “A” Series
RURAL HYDRO: The statement that Hon. W. L. Houck, vicechairman of the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, recently made about the extension of Hydro services in Ontario having reached the saturation point didn't strike us as being quite sound. We thought of all the farm houses and buildings we knew of which are still lighted by kerosene lamps and lanterns.
The Owen Sound Sun-Times, The Stratford Beacon-Herald and the Windsor Daily Star have taken Mr. Houck up on it, we are glad to report It is pointed out that there are plenty of areas in rural Ontario not yet completely serviced by Hydro ; there are many districts untapped, or just touched, by power line developments. The Windsor Star suggests that Mr. Houck go up and take a look around the farms in Dufferin, Wellington, Grey, Simcoe, Bruce and Huron counties. In conclusion : “There are thousands of Ontario farmers who still want Hydro, if it la made available to them and they can pay for it.”
REJECTED "DRIVERS: The Department of Highways informs us that 28 per cent, of the people who undergo tests for drivers' licenses in the province are turned down by the examiner, for reasons of inability to operate the vehicle successfully, physical handicaps, criminal offenses involving motor vehicles, mental incompetence. 9
Now the Ontario Motor League proposes that all motorists pass eyesight teats before being allowed to drive.
MORE CIGARETTES FOR YOUR MONEY
t
#
IL


Tongues Set Wagging But he did smell of alcohol. And the combination of the odor and the sleeping form of the respectable citizen was enough to set tongues wagging.
Women passed by with scornful looks and muttered rebukes. One of them stopped and spoke to the man who had been drinking.
"Isn't it disgusting?" she said indignantly.	church of all
places!"
More than 2.000,000 Italians and 100,000 Germans are now living In Argentina.
<
P
—all games at Quebec A.H.A,
with same dates.
GUf&iatte
^lohacca
EXTRA MILD ,
t Mari-
O.H-A.
inner of-“B” Series vs.
PACKAGE
"If* Ottawa and District or Quebec A H A. wins “B” Serie at Ottawa and District o. Quebec AJLA. April 3, and at O.H.A. Apr. 6 and Apr. 7 if necessary.
“If” Maritimes A H A. wins “B" Series—all games at O.H.A. with dates.
i/s IB. TIN 55c
Knows Nothing About It The man who had been drinking never so much as smiled. He turned his head when he answered the lady and agreed that the whole thing was shameful.
So tongues are wagging In Sarnia these days, un*, known to th- man who fell asleer He, respectable cltlsen, knows nothing of the Incident other than that he dosed off for a moment or two at a church
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
i-'e
U S. Flier Crashes Into Bam Near Parkhill, Ont.

m
*
/


meeting.

Short-tailed field or pine mice are causing severe damage to apple trees in Annapolis Valley district, N.S. Or chard ists in some sections estimated from 26 6to 60 per cent of thier trees damaged.


)
o

2/%
T


m
WTÆSÜ2&.
s
RUMOR DEPARTMENT (not to be depended on, of course); It is whispered that instead of a long parliamentary session lasting well on Into the middle of the summer, House of Commons proceedings at Ottawa may be cut short soon after the visit of the King and Queen, and an early election called, probably for September.
mm

iV %
X|
m



Lucknow Man Grows Lemons And Oranges

A


6SSSk
mm


g
f9
A greenhouse at Lucknow, Ont., has a lemon tree which has one lemon on It .measuring about twelve Inches in circumference. There are three or four smaller sise lemons on this hothouse tree. It Is In a pot and Is less than three feet high. An orange tree Is also producing small oranges this year, one has matured and ripened curio Is a fig tree that bore fruit but It dropped off before ripen-
il# U
1

Balloon Blockade Protects Germany







A
The German air force has placed hundreds of balloons on cables around cities and industrial centres of the Reich and established a new "blockade” division to man this new defence system in case of air attacks.
Motorised troops have been in training to inflate and send the balloons thousands of yards into the air in a few minutes when an alarm is given. Two motor units are assigned to each balloon. The troops have been in training for ihese special duties for months.
Each balloon is a unit in the German system. A plan of suspending nets from cables was discarded as impractical.
1b Stagger Formation
The balloons are staggered, so that it would be almost impossible 1er an aviator to escape all of them over a given point. Some of them are to be sent up as high 82,000 feet, others to lower altitudes.
Plans have been made in this way for protecting all startegic peints. Comparatively few balloons are needed for such points
rks. dame ééK
Another
Lieut. L. A. Cowles, of the U S. Army Air Corps, was instantly killed when his Seversky pursuit plane crashed into a barn near Parkhill, Ont., killing two horses, a cow and 70 chickens. Lieut. Cowles is thought to have become lost in a dense fog and crashed when his gasoline supply became exhausted.

ing.
“Have a cigar, Moaty—we're got a maw daddy up at our house to-day/
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
y»

i

O
,*¦
m
.1. » r

1
<

in
h


7 i
IR
aspw
/,

Wm
\
: it
L
!
Ml
#*



*
••
### »## îbe	h# said, these word a the K*nr*roo hopped away, and very cautiously approached the rroup a butterfly flit In front of hi* noae
mitten* for you. The Wizard while the o'her* piov*eded on their Jour- of honeys. **B« very q u I at." wblspored the barked loUd'y ml »t. instantly a
¦ SWSW	a	I	WIsardT	wm* he*rt fn.rr, th • boute and va
l!
i
bridges, powc
ctur
*
similar &
the
appr
“are some found them.
are more diffi
the air.
from


ney.
###PAGE###8###
Farm for Sale
Clearing Sale of
Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear
Tariff of Tolls for 1939
Being Lot 6 on the 7th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 2»0 acres, more or less ; about 100 acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
E. H. MKE,
Shawville, Que.
% e
Tariff of Tolls to be | charged during sea- | s son 1939 by the Coulonge and Crow River Boom Company, Limited.
BD
s
c
c
It
D X
U II
•hi
r
v
3)
This is a reproduction of
>
Teachers Wanted
5
TITE-LAP

0>
$ I*I

7.

1 Metal Roofing
so widely used on fl farm buildings. 1 Easy to put on, 4 permanent, fire-J proof, minimum 1 upkeep. Write for I cost estimate.
will be received by the
the Bristol
Applications Secret ary-Treasurer School Commissioners until Wednesday, April Mh, 1039. for nine Qualified Teacher*. Also one with an Intermediate diploma for principal of No. 9, school. Applicants please state qualifications, experience and church of choice.
>»

of
ft®
£
Red Label, Pure Wool, Oombinations
Regular $3.50 for 82.96

I
Gold Label Combinations
Red and White Vine, Tamarac, Spruce and
ir wane) board, per
Regular $2.75 for 82.25
! I- mlock, squ ire 1 ,( 00 feet Board Measure ....
m i ^
*15
Si
1
10
H. I SMITH,
Secretary-Tieasurcr Maryland, Que.
Gold Label Shirts and Drawers
II
f â4l XMtm

17 feet and under in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure....., • ..
Bed and White Vine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, ovei 1. feet and under 23 feet long, per 1,000 teet Board Measure . ........................
Red and White Vine, Tamarac, Spruce and
Hemlock, round or flitted, 23 teet to 29i
fee Hong, per 1,000 Board Measure ..
#
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 teet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.................................
Pulp wood per cord.....................
Saw’ 'rt'

Regular $1.60 for 31.25
n
•>
12


a »
Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 96 Ct8.
The Upper Ottawa
Improvement Co., Ltd.
Tariff for Season 1939
- TOOLS -
On Sawings 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 feet RM.
9
V2
©

Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
Regular 90 cts. for 69 Ct8.
Buy Now and Save at These Reduced Prices
#
u
7 7 10
9 9 10
Egg Prices Good
The average Annual pi ices pj tiiv producer by the Bristol E mid Poultry Association for eggs
WAS SM follows :
' A ' large. 83c : A medium 27c.; A pullet 24c.; H 23c.: 'C 21c.
. 8 4 5 13 1 5 2 1 5
mid
Cts
t-gg
10
Through Quinze Boom.......
'* Opemican Boom ....
44 Des Joachims Boom ....
“ Fort William Boom.. . .
11 Culbute Boom ...
Melons Chvnail Boom..
Passing Lapasse Boom .......
Through Quio Boom...........
41 Thomson Bay Boom ------
44 Chaudière Assorting Boom 13 41	Booms from Head Des
chancs Rapids (North side) to Head Hull Slide Boom at Outlet of Hull Slide....
boom working rates
On Saw logs 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 teet B.M.
Norris R. Corner
Clothier and Haberdasher
..	05

ni
2è
10
15
50
50
9
12
. ...	15
h
10
4 •
• •
25
E. C. WOOLSKY,
Secretary.
Special Services
• 20
Tattooing- Poultry
Notice of Meeting
17
mm ## ##
Rev. 8. S. L,nWay, Pastor	J‘ sJ? T«.V	Secretary-Treasurer.
Teachers Wanted
Order your chick early from
Shaw ville Hatchery.
IV W. HonciiNs, Proprietor
s— »
I t
v Applications will be received by the
Quite a number of Shawville „ undersigned Secretary Treasurer up to citizens, mostly ladies, attended Friday. March 31st, 1939, for qualified the annual Follies Revue in Otta- Teachers for Thorne Schools.
Fiiday and Saturday nights
• 4
son,
..... 11.00
THEO BRETZLAFF,
Secretary-Treasurer Ladysmith, Quebec
wa on of last week.
Cts
Mrs. E. S Church, Former Resident of Bryson, Dies
15
Through Quinze Boom ..........
“ Opemican Boom ....
“	Des Joachims Boom....
“	Fort William Boom-----
“ Culbute Boom............
Melons Chenaiî Boom... “ Keid Island Boom, including sweeping in jtocher Fendu Chcnail..
“ Chenaux Boom............
“	* Quio Boom............
“ Thomson Bay Boom ...
Assorting
80

Given Jail Term
Ro-s Swartz, Shawville, charged
EUE
i • ai IV.»t. On n charge of assaulting the Elementary Grades in the Shawvillo * Constable Herbert Spurberg, a High School, sentence of three month* wa« also imposed. Both sentences will run concurrently.
Teachers Wanted
Teacher Wanted
no

The death occurred at her home 120 Strut boon a Avenue, Ottawa, on Thursday morning, March 10, of Mrs. Ernest S. Church, at the age of years.
Mrs. Church was widely known in Ottawa and district, and her death, after a brief illne-*. a distinct shock to m my fi lends She was a life member of the Dominion W.C.T V. and ot the Local Council of Women, past matron of Crescent Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, and a member of St. Matthew * Anglican Church.
For the past 11 years, Mrs.
Church resided in Ottawa, and took an active part in it* lite, giving her support particularly women's organizations. Horn at Bryson. Que., in 1872, she wis the
S'.	Wilson’s Garage
Roy and his wife Janet Lindsay.
She is survived by her husband,
Khtï" uffi t Word "Reich” 1. Germ..
Roy, of Ottawa, and Lindsay Le-1	for Government Systems
¦stSSSSB
The verb “reichen” in German to reach, observes a writer

80
50
15
n
T&e
tip to Saturday,
Applicants please state experience salary expected.
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
General Repairs
70
50
vaine
JOHN A DEAN, Secretary Treasurer.
50
GEO. STEWART,
Bryson, Que.
ns
CO
Clmudiere
45
Boom.........; • • • •
Booms from Head Des-
chenes Rapids (North Side) to Head Hull Slide $1.00
OPERATING RATES
44

TOWING and
On Saw logs 17 feet and under
Fer 1,000 feet BM.
Tdiking about
the fold Vv

to


The Same Reliable Service
Cts.
From—	,
White River, Quinze and Otter
Creek to Opemican......
Montreal River to Opemican. Kippewa River to Opemican.. McLaren Bay to Opemican Head Long Sault to Joachims..........



$1 65

1.15


Phone 40
93
f



17


Des



.	3 00
Jocko Creek to Des Joachims 2 55 Snake Creek to Des Joachims 2.25 Mattawa to Des Joachims...
Klocks to Des Joachims.... Magnissippi to Des Joachims 1.35 Head Rocher Captaine to Des
Joachims ............
Dumoine River to Des Joachims 38

'

m
1.80

1.60
$
;
i
x
1.18
it

ft 4



Pontiac Couple Sentenced tor Beating their Child
TOWING RATES
On Sa a logs 17 feet and under
Per 1,000 feet B.M.
means
in the Cleveland Plain Dea er.
Gregory Toner, of Litchfield, were tinguish it from the kingdoms, given i i’ll sentences on Wed lies inces, confederacies and other po-dny of last week, at Campbell's litical units cf which it was com-Bay. by Judge Roland Millar. posed. After the kaiser s abdicat.on “This is the must brutal and in in 191s the name survived as the human ease of cruelty to a child common appellation of Gerpiany, that has come before me in more and ^ js correct to speak of the than 2<» years. There i* no exiuise chancellor of the German reich. The the pu t of the women tor beat word 0CCurs in many compounds— mg a child of Mich tender years Reichstag, reichsgericht,
Her husband »l*o responsible |flnd rcichsstadt. sinre lie permitted the beating, reichsthaIcr, reichsmark,

nr
, -



>


Cts.

•w
I


Towing around Opemican Doom From—
Des Joachim* to Fort William
Boom...........
Schyan tn Fort William Room GO
Fort William to Pembroke....	50
Petawawa to Culbute .....
Petawawa to Pembroke-----
Melons Chenail Boom to La-
05

. .
X
to

. .	90

l\
43j
.. r.o
on
30
I
reichs-rcichsbank, reichs-
passe ..........••••••.......
Chenaux Boom to Braeside.. Chenaux Boom to Am prior or
Chats Rapids...........• • •
and Mohr Island
33
r*
50
Qttio Boons
Boom io Aylmer or Deschenes Rapids .
Quio Boom Boom . ..
50
• *
to Mohr Island
moot.
The ill treatment ot the tiny er. girl was carried on over a period of some six months last year. Evi | are deuce was given that on one day ; successive systems of government the child was tied to a tree neat | ln Germany since 1871. The empire the bank ol the Ottawa River. was the first reich; the post-war re When seen by a neighbour her public under Presidents Ebert and face was black with swaims of Hindenberg, the second reich, and
mosquitoes.	.	the National Socialist regime, the
Testimony was also given that lhjrd reich
; tied m a chair tor
...	03
The first, second and third reich the names applied to the three
The Towing Rates on timber other than Saw logs 17 feet and under on the fore going stretches will be :
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 Saw log
Rates.
Red and White Pine, Tnmarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 Ft. B.M., I] Saw log Rates.
Red and White Pin», Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet B.M., 1* Sawing Rates.
Cords of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 Sawlog Rates.
Towing per hour where there is no specified rate per 1,000 feet B.M. Steamers Alexandra and Lady
.....
Hiram Robinson..,.
Pembroke............
Wabis and Pollux...
Beaver, Alert and
Castor.........
O H. Pattee II and Mink ..............
Muskrat ............
Samson and Hercules 3 50
Seal Ella
Short Stretch Towing to be charged by the hour when deemed advisable.
E. C. WOOLSLEY,
Secretary.


m

1939 Ford V-8 Tv dor
There are things to talk over when a new Ford V-8 moves into
. It's still
the neighbourhood. There's always the Ford V-8 engine the biggest engine value in a low-price car. There is talk about how good-looking the new Ford is. And motorists are saying you know you’re riding in a fine car, too, with that extra seat comfort and plenty of room for the family to spread out and relax. Another important item is the new, powerful hydraulic brakes. Your Ford dealer invites you to take the wheel and get acquainted
the child warn
hours at a time when the mother and step father were absent from home.
When examined on December S last, by Dr. J. S. McNally, the
child’s body was covered with bruises and marks of beatings from a strap.
Mrs. Toner claimed that she punished the child because it was incorrigible, but this reason was not accepted by the judge.
Hand Conc ERT-Unclerthe au<-; pices of Shawville Boys’ Hand, a concert which will include instrumental solos, dances and singing numbers, will be held in the Theatre Hall, on Monday evening, April 3rd, at 8.30. Mr. Crueller, managing director of Boosey <x Hawkea, Toronto, will be present Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
with these features and more.
, . $1» oo
Il «0O
NOTICE
Teachers Wanted
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE FORD V-l
i • Hydraulic Bralcw •
. Stabilized Chassis • Scientific Soundproofing •
44
9 00
44
Triple-Cushioned Low Prices
Skaled Tenders—will be received by the undersigned until five o’clock Monday afternoon, April 3rd, 1939, for the position of constable and night watchman for the Village of Shawville, and comprising such other duties as the Council may require, particulars of which may be obtained from the undersigned. The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted.
V Type 8-Cylinder Engine Comfort
7 00
44
Protestant Intermediate Teacher for School No. 1, Calumet Island, Que, duties to commence Sept. 1st, 1939, and conclude June 30, 1940. Please state salary expected. None but Teachers holding diplomas need apply. All ap plications to be in the hands of the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer before April 16th, 1939.

6 00
h
14
NEW FORD V-8
5 00
4 00
44
4.
3 00
on or
2 00
MOTO* COMPANY OF CANADA, LIMITED* FORD, MERCURY, LINCOLN-ZEPHYR AND LINCOLN MOTOR CARS
• 4
FORD
i
JAS. CARSWELL,
HARLAND O. ROWAT,
Sec.-Treaa. Shawville. Que.
Secretary Treasurer, Box 66, Campbell’s Bay, Que.




X

i





i





1
'4

4#


a






K
s








¦
\

V >


«

ùord



%



Eastern Steel Products
Jmutrd





il)
II

\

Use of Improvements Lower Crow River
