###PAGE###1###
I $1.50 pop annum In Advance I 2.00 to the Unit« c States
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JULY 11. 1940
SHAWVILLE
No. 4, 58tu Yeah
BORN*
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawvllle Hardware
Mrs. Stinson, hairdresser, of
ins?
Mrs. H. Cole, of Ottawa, is visit-1 At the General Hospital, South injr her relatives in town this Porcupine, Ont., on Ihursday, week.	July 4th, 1940. to Mr. and Mrs.
|	A-
SSSwffl? |	s„r—.
EE*n%?	^
for the month of July.	j Ar."‘Yt^Mem^rUU9
êllESII iSSS" I ik&gæ&p
.	... . i Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Biyden and n.00 a. in. and <.30 p. nr (S. T.)
Clarendon Women’s Institute ,.1,5^,^,^ „f Guelph, Ont, are visit- Morning subject :	Upon this
will m°et at the home of the Pr®" j,ig at the home of Mrs. Kryden s [took I will Build My Church sklent. Mrs. Hai ry Hodgins. July f.^her, Mr. B A. Howard.	Evening subject : "The Ideal
^BSf=r
Sand Hay.	_	Edward’s Parish, which was held
J -	at the liorue of Mrs. Patrick Gal*
Mr Jas Kennedy Passes	lather, on Thursday afternoon ot
'"SrvTi.	j;-	r&sst&a'i.;1*
88S3fcVII.»r.»du„. ».*«..U-.JJJ.W.sjj «;;&,«"& e-;SS!“
“iiSTvi,.. m* s.h,u,. u*.	i «.«jaffli
"s:rïk. uigi. sa,».,	Æ|Ari.a ;fs^renin*' J,"ï '*"¦
Hovvat.	-	parlors of Geo. Hynes & Son,
__•__ Shawville to the Wesley United
Church at Charted?.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most
Attend a
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
ENGAGEMENT
an
modern in Ontario.	,
school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
»
sto<
grit (Jen. n
Phone 24—5
JAMES A. MILLAR
will be
B A. L L. L
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Repair Agents For
INTERNATIONAL FARM MACHINERY
on
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Scholarships Awarded
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que fin Lawn Block)
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Haying Season
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
V\VN\W

VSSSSSSN

Matters dealt with ^’correspondence
War Prisoners Arrive in Canada
We have a splendid stock of
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT -- BARRISTER
RHONE, 2—2219
HULL, QUEBEC
At Prftudfoot’s Hotel, Caropbell’sBuy ery Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Sbawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Former Resident of Sbawville Dies in Ross Township
III for the past three years. Mrs.
Thomas Rollins, of Ross township, died at her home, aged «2 years.
Formerly Sarah Jane Dagg, she nFe 80 .	«	| was born at Sbawville, daughter littie danger to Canada.
Waste of any sort in these times if the lflte Mr Robert Dagg and it was to ensure that they would
of national and international crisis h.g wife Emi|y Greer	be beyond the reach of filth col
must be considered as a form or she wa9 educated at Sbawville umajsts and parachute jumpers treason Every resource *s badly I |1(| ottaWn and following gradiv that they were removed from needed and we must look to tuc Gun taught school in Quebec for Eng]a„d to Canada. Had they
health of the Canadian people, toi five ypflrs before her marriage to been released during an invasion oui farmers will be called upon to Mr R0Ui,iS 41 years ago. They of Great Britain, they might
make great efforts in order tui	in Stafford for four years La«i|y have constituted a menace.
feed other starving countries Eacn before movjng to their present y^ttered across Canada s broad
community must be prepared to homo io Rosg. For 14 years she Lpaces, t|iey are no longer con-shoulder its share ot responsibility was gecretary of the school tor the ^ered to present such threat, for healthy people, stated ur. Rosg section on Fourth Line.	To those who watched beneath
Janet Lang. Executive Assistant Left to mourn are her husband, the ramparts of Quebec s ancient in charge of Maternal and Child twQ sons ftnd three daughters, citadei, the war was brought close Hygiene of the Canadian Welfare c|ift0l1| 0f l„rtrder L,ake and Am- to Canada as the heavy clump of
Council, at the opening session 91 old, at home; Mrs. Roy Knapp, Nazi boots sounded on the plank	Drummond	Street
- & jssaa wsiï sufsKn.y& uïsaïïSfi «**-«.
on Monday evening.	A daughter predeceased her in sailors were loaded aboard the POTEAU 63SS
Elaborating this theme, , * I infancy. There also are two sis-1 waitinfC trains.
Lang showed that a large measuie ters and t)iree brothers, Mrs Jos. closely ringing the entire pier of ill health could be traced to Awards, of Ottawa ; Mrs. Thos. I rea were 500 picked sentries, lack of medical care and mad» p Burgess, of Cobden ; Mr. G. A. theil. bayonets fixed. Another equate public health services. I)agge 0f sbawville ; Mr. Hubert Let or gaards lined the route from particularly in the rural areas ot h)aggi Battleford, Sask ,	the ship to the trains.
Canada. A recent survey made Dagg, of Harrington, Del., First to be brought off ship were by the National Committee for hj. S. A.	the civilian prisoners, mar.y of
Mental Hygiene (Canada) shows	—   ~	them crew members of Nazi ship»
that Canada needs thousands Arthar Meilleur	seized by the British Navy on the
more doctors, dentists and nurse. gu|ad ln car crash	high seas. Next came the soldien*.
hUesi?"
¦asa piss mm
msmmttsmps*
Council.
Numbers of German prisoners levently arrived in Canada are safely interned in camps throughout the country. Broken up into small groups, they distributed as to present
Health Conference Held at Shawville
Haying Requirements
189 MAIN STREET
various
now
Trip Rope,
Hay Fork Rope, Scythe Stones, Carborundum Stones
Forks,
Rakes,
Fork Handles, . Thermos Bottles,
ev
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone 8 I.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
INSECTICIDES
Dl(. WALLACE J. W. HOOCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Blue Stone,
Paris Green,
King Bug Killer,
Arsenate of Lime, Arsenate of Lead,
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.

Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
The
T
1 80 METCAL
OTTAWA,
PHONE, 2-7961
Use the famous four-four-forty
( Bordeau Mixture )
4 pounds Bluestone
Arsenate of Lime
40 Gallons of Water
who use this mixture completely eliminate Black Rot
- ONT
<«
4
ONTARIO
OTTAWA
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
Farmers
\
>
:
.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
representing companies
Strong .
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
For Better Desserts
Say Nighthawk»
Like Dive-Bomber»
Along The Roof Of The Continent
Quite a commotion has been caused in Leamington, Ontaiio, during recent nights by night hawks that frequent the town's business section. Sound of the birds as they dive after insects has been compared to that of dive-bombers.
Co
Sîa
K
Corn Starch
Great Britain was neyt in line for a totalitarian attack by tier-that the moment Hitler's
D2Û
freVvr# *¦ lewrwK# Stmrtk C#
W*





VA

many,
preparations were complete, the
the British Isles
with
ed. people who don't like It should not be condemned.*
SKIRL OF THE PIP2S Undoubtedly there Is something . "different" about bagpipe music, and this Is the first time wo learned what It is. We hope som* of our friends who are Insultingly critical will make allowances and adapt themselves to the skirl of the pipes and we fear It wouldn't do them any good anyway if the notation was standardized. You really have to have Scottish blood In you to enjoy the full flavour of the national Instrument of Scotland. If you have not — "that's your misfortune
it is a far cry from the days Major Fred Brewster, mountaineer, packed freight through the Canadian Rockies by horse as shown in picture (left above) and the ease with which visitors to Jasper National Park now cover the old pack train route over the new Columbia field Highway which will be officially opened July 1. One of the world's most scenic drives, the Columbia Icefield Highway has been open from Jasper Park Lodge (lower right) to the Ice-feld, a distance of 76 miles during the past two years and has now been extended south another 76 miles to Banff Park.
From Jasper Park Lodge the highway leads to the foot of Ath-abaska Glacier (right), where is located the new Columbia Icefield chalet. Near by are Snow Dome, Kitchener and other glaciers, all welded into one inseparable mass, binding these 1LO0O feet skywards. On these mountains which tower more than glaciers, unexcelled summer skiing may be enjoyed and it is here that some of the continent's outstanding men and women skiers train for Canadian and international events.
The completion of the Columbia Highway marks another history of Jasper 4,200 square
Bagpipe Music Is Different
noted
I blitzkrieg on I would begin, proceeding I bombing, submarine warfare and I an armed invasion. The people of I Britain braced themselves for the
,----- >	4
A Lot More Spacing and Fewer Notes — People Who Do
Should Not Be
blow.
Ice-
The balance of power on the sea depended on who obtained the French navy. It was known that the addition of the French fleet to the navies of Germany and Italy would bring the Axis to tonnage parity with Britain and to numerical superiority, with 90 per cent more fighting vas sels . . . Prime Minister Churchill, voicing his anger manner in which the Petain regime had violated its "many solemn assurances" in ceding sea power to the Nazis, acknowledged that the ultimate disposition of the French fleet would "powerfully though not decisively affect” Britain’s safety ... In the war with Italy, Britain was aware that loss of the French Navy would seriously endanger her position throughout a vast 40,000 mile theatre stretching from Gibraltar to Aden, because .all land forces involved therein must be supplied
Not Like It Condemned
•i
There are lots of people who are not Scots who say they enjoy hearing the bagpipes, although some qualify their appreciation by saying the pipes sound best when the operator is a long distance away. Others, real Scots perhaps, says the Stratford Beacon-Herald, think that there is no grander or more Inspiring music than a hundred pipers an’ a* an* a’ at close quarters.
•v w x* —
We Jearn, however, that there is a reason-why one likes or dislikes the pipes. A blind Scottish piper told a service club recently that although the note scale is similar to the ordinary scale, the spacing is sometimes different, those who have not been brought with the sound of the pipes in their ears the music sounds atrocious. Therefore, he generously add-

.
at the
The Book Shelf
¦
•STARSppN THE SEA1
By F. viifwWyek Meson
A spunky girl, a fine lad com-to make this historical
Wyck Mason m "Stars >n the


fl


' .
:'£¦...

bine
novel by van rousing story.
Sea" is the tale of ths U. S. Colonists, who, in the face of all-powerful foe, dared to flaunt their thirteen str.pes and thirteen stars on the sea. It is drama, gripping and aithentic.
One of the major novels of the year, the book presents a new version of the War of Independence as seen in a northern colony, a southern colony and a tropical jsland colony— Rhode Island, South Carolina and the Bahamas. Historic characters come alive with all the:r anguish, hope and suffering. No reader will ever forger Desire Harmony Bennett of Newport, Sam Higsby, the Pennsylvania rifleman, or scholarly Nat Coffin of Nantucket.
"Stare on the Soa" van Wyck Mason . ronto:	Longmans.	Green A Co.
. . . $3.00.
a







so that to
up
an
Icefield chapter in the
National Park,	|
miles in extent. The Canadian National Railways’ Jaape Lodge in this. America’s National Park
by sea . . .
r Park largest
, now offers visitors every modern luxury where in the early days explorers, traders and trappers, set up their primitive camps.
At Calgary Convention
Japan In Ascendancy
The effects of the European war, actual and anticipated, were seen last week as exercising a dynamic influence on Japan’s international policy. A change in the world balance, Japanese leaders inferred, might mean that japan would not only be interested in an alliance with the Axis powers, but in making her position in the Pacific and the Far East impregnable.
It was expected that Japan I *^ould shortly issue a sweeping pronouncement amounting to an "Oriental Monroe Doctrine" warning all powers against interference of any kind in all territories in East Asia. "The dream of decades
inated by Japan—was
of climbing into the realm
Britain: all military equipment surrendered, all aircraft grounded; all roads, trains, railways given up; all radio stations had to stop operations; all military forces began demobilization with the exception of troops necessary for maintaining order. The armistice was only an expedient, Berlin indicated . final peace talk must await the Battle of Britain . . .
Mussolini Wails With Italy, France signed an granting Mussolini a
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events

a
France Signs Herself Away;
Budget Brings Heavy Taxes
by
. To.
F.

the House, the Parliament of Great Britain would have to amend the B. N. A. Act, transferring to the Dominion, from the provinces, authority over unemployment insurance . . .
The people of Canada prepared last week for the reception of vast numbers of evacuee children from Great Britain . . . Thousands of homes were thrown open . . . placement of children to be htndled by the Provincial Governments. . .
Battle of France End#
A blitzkrieg of taxes struck ht# Dominion last week following i bringing down of the Budget.
... ith drastic increases in income taxation reaching virtually every earner, almost prohibitive taxes on automobiles and several new taxes, Finance Minister Ralston asked tremendous sacrifices of the Canadian people for war purpos-For the first time, the cost of the war was carried direct to the pocket-books of every income group in the country.
Affects Everybody
Highlights of the new taxation : Income rates increased so sharply that a married man with no dependents, paying $36 on a salary of $3,000 under present sates, will now pay $195 . . .
A new tax on automobiles starting at 10 per cent on manufacturers’ value up to $700 and Increasing sharply to 80 per cent on value in excess of $1,200 (used cars are taxed, too) . . .
A new national defense tax of two per cent flat rate imposed en all salaries over $600 in the case of single persons and $1,200 in the case of married persons, Increasing to three per cent for salaries of single persons above $1,200 ... a 10 per cent tax imposed on all imports except those commodities entered under British preferential tariff . . . cigaret tax raised from $5 to $6 per 1,000, manufactured tobacco from 26 to 36 cents a pound, cigar taxes doubled, etc. . . . imposition of ten per cent tax on phonographs, radios, cameras and radio tubes • . .
The Ontario Government, facing a possible revenue loss of $8,000,000 arising from the increased Federal income tax levies, was expected to make a readjustment of income brackets time this year to bring 60,-#00 more persons, hitherto exempt, within the tax-paying category.
Meantime everywhere in Canada rents were going up (due i»i great part to an increase in coal prices) . . .Food prices remained at approximately the same level as in the past couple of months hut gains were recorded for beef, bread, canned vegetables, potatoes, tea, coffee, onions, pepper and salt . . . Clothing was expected to rise as a result of the new tax on imports and the diversion of textiles for wav use . .
Unemployment Insurance
Prorogation of the first session of the 19th Parliament of Canada looked for around July 20 . The main item remaining last week for consideration was unemployment insurance (contributed to by employers and env | ployees) ; but before such a j
could be brought before I
a Far East demon the
armistice
small portion of territory along the Alpine frontier. The French also agreed to demilitarize: 1, a strip of land thirty-one miles deep the Italian border; 2, a strip of territory in Tunisia on the African Mediterranean coast; 3, a portion of French Algeria bordering on Italian Libya; 4, the French Somaliland port and railroad terminus of Djibouti, key to Italian Ethiopia. These zones were to be kept demilitarized for the duration of the Armistice—unt’.l r the end of Germany’s and Italy’s against England, and until a formal peace treaty is concluded to satisfy Italy’s territorial demands against France.
"No One Can Tell’’
All the countries of the Medt-
basin were seriously
8-Egg-Per-Day
Hen Wins Note

verge
of action.’’ ("Time,’’ June 24).
"The only force which could turn that dream into a nightmare has always been the U. S. The big question taking shape last week appeared to be: could the U. S. summon enough diplomatic adroitness to make friends with Japan without: 1. selling out both China and the Allies in the Far East; 2. being double-crossed herself if she attempted too much appeasement. Failing either alternative, could the United States risk a war with Japan?”
Mrs. Chris Oisen of 3;llevuf, Wash., reported her Rhodf Island Red hen laid eight egg* Thursday, rested Friday, ther rallied with two Saturday and f day.
H. E. Rice, publisher of the Huntsville Forester, is President of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association whose convention is being held this week in the Palliser Hotel, Calgary.
on
Sun-

By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
"On June 6 the Battle cf France began, the Germans taking off southward from the Somme-Aisne line. Against all the material and manpower General Weygand could mass, the German army under General von Brauchitsch hurled 40, then GO, then 120, finally 150 divisions. By June 10 they were within 36 miles of Paris, with pincers curving down from east and west. On June 14 the pincers met at Paris and it was surrendered.” June 17, Marshal Petain, newly-elected French Premier, indicated that the fight was hopeless, asked for an armistice. June 21 French plenipotentiaries met Adolf Hitler in the Forest of Compiegre (in the same railway car where Marshal Foch in 1918 announced the terms under which Germany laid down her arms). June 24 the "cease fire" order came in the with Germany. The following




%
%
Zz
WILU-VUM.
%

%
%
war
%
z



00

%

//'

Many Materials For Housecoats
ÆJ -
X

Z
\
terranean affected by the collapse of France and the signing of the two armistices . . . Turkey in particular was agitated by the thought of a powerful drive by the Axis in the eastern Mediterranean (aimed at cutting off Suez and grabbing the barbers and rich oil districts of the Near East), and feared a Fascist attack on French-mandated Syria ... In Egypt, resignation of Ali Maher Pasha could mean the early entry of his country into the war ... In a message "to the people of North Africa," the French High Commissioner in French Morocco declared that his crack Moroccan troops would not yield one inch of French North African territory without a fight, the armistice notwithstanding . .
Vernon Barlett, British member of Parliament and writer in the London News Chronicle commented: "The French surrender involves political changes all over the world and no one can yet tell their magnitude.”
Britain For It
But all the world knew that
/
\
Dotted
Printed
Pique, Sharkskin, Swiss Muslin and Voile
V/
% •

Pique, sharkskin, doited swlss muslin and printed voile are favorite fabrics for morning housecoats. Even the most inexpensive seen in New York are charming in color and very well styled and cut. A white pique with wide, squared off collar, cuffs and pocket trimmed with bright red riekrack braid will make any one feel cheerful in the

%

%

%
0
morning.
ALL WITH FULL SKIRTS Swiss muslins, trimmed with delicate lace edging, or more tailored types in sharkskin may be had, not only in white but in luscious pastel colors. Almost all ar* made to fasten with zippers, which keep one looking neat no matter how quickly one has dressed, and all have skirls with plenty of room, and well-cut sleeves, so if there is a train to be caught after breakfast,
fly around comfortably


/

war
day France laid down her arms against Italy, too.
/
%
The Armistice
Hitler’s object, apparently, in forcing the particular terms that he did upon France was to secure •very possible facility for his
Britain. All the French Channel and Atlantic Coast# were occupied by German forces ; French warships and naval equipment were to be turned over to Germany for use against

1
2%
//a-

blitzkrieg on
//-/»
im. hi Tr*6 Me

• «
til uu
some

"There—now I hope you're convinced that those fingerprints sis the
guest towel are not mine!!’*
you can
while you make toast and coffee.'.
h
)
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Very Considerate
, ? I
\
WERE Nor COINS TO MAKE A FRICE FOR DOIN' WlS LIL' BIT OF V/ORK I FOR YOU, MRS. MALARKY/ YOU'RE. TOO NICE / WE'D RATHER TAKE . THE TWENNY’FIVE CENTS YOU LL f PROBABLY GIVE US THAN THE NICKEL WE'D CHARGE ItXJ FOR 1 ——^ DOIN' THE JOB / f------
T
WHY, BOYS, YOU YE CLEANED THE CELLAR HACNtnCUfTLY /
-, MOW MUCH DO I CWE YOU FOR THIS WORK ? f—
I
v1
j
z
v V


<

f
%
V
X

I
i
*
;
A ^


4
:gi
• #
r
z
*
Id
i

e e
>



I

I
§Sz:3- r

Z ,1
*
measure
###PAGE###3###
!
She First Flew In 89th Year
Headache For
It Makes a Nicer Cool Drink The Milliners

Mrs. James Mansfield, of Toronto, Celebrated Birthday y by Flying to Ottawa by The Trans-Canada Airlines
THIS COLORFUL RESORT
Hatless
Counter-attack on Trend Now Being Planned

FF
i
4A mile» north «f Montrf»! . • •
•mlmmiiff . * l.oNtlnw. *##
am l.iike St*. Adèle «rolf
other «etlville».
tennl»


À

Do you always wear a hat on the street? If you don't you're part of the hatloss trend, and the cause of sleepless nights for milliners.
The trend has cut Into millinery sales. In the New York area, where 70 per cent, of women's hats are manufactured, milliners say that three-quarters of a million fewer hats were sold in early months of 1940 than in the same period last
!
Special facilities for famille» cldedly	'	,
throughout In native handicraft* , » private hath* . . . rate* a* loir as per week, mingle — Amerleae
ria»e
Write for bklt., THE CH ANTBCLK* Ste. Adele en liant, P.Q.
TORONTO, June 21 — A new record for air travel in Canada was set last week when Mrs. James Mansfield, of Toronto, stepped on board a Trans-Canada Airliner for the first time. Born just one year before the turn of the half-way mark of the 18th century, Mrs. Mansfield made her initial air trip at the 89th year. She is the oldest passenger yet to be carried by the Trans-Canada Air Lines.
Mrs. Mansfield flew to Ottawa on the 6 o'clock evening plane, accompanied by her daughter, Miss Hilda Mansfield, who was also making her first flight. Mrs. Mansfield decided to take the trip following the enthusiastic descriptions of her son, A. L. Mansfield, of Ottawa, who “commutes” regularly between the Capital and Toronto. He convinced his mother that she was missing a great thrill by not taking the trip and he was at tlje Ottawa airport to help her to alight.
fiirnlftked
modern
6»
&

EESWTEA
Jk
the extra pimento and cover with slcied hard boiled eggs. Salads to be palatable must be served very cold, and always remember the better the dressing, the better the salad.
T
T
HILLS of DESTINY
A
A
year.
They're taking steps. The Millin-- - Stabilization Committee, to which most of them belong, has set bureau to find the cause of
'
L
B
ery
b y Agnes Louise Provost
K
L
Tuna Omelette
z
up a
the hatless trend and to combat it.
4 eggs
% cup flaked tuna One-eighth teaspoon salt % cup milk 2 tablespoons butter One-eighth teaspoon pepper. Beat the egg yolks until thick, add the tuna and the milk, add the seasoning. Fold in lightly the whites of the eggs, which have been previously beaten quite stiff. Turn into frying pan, which has had a little melted butter added running around to grease well. Have the pan very hot, then reduce as mxiture is placed in pan. Cook until the omelette is set and a knife inserted in the centre comes out clean. Fold and serve at once on hot platter. May be served if desired with any of the sauces.
i
S
E
\
ENLIST MOVIES' SUPPORT Why don't you wear a hat when you should, they’d like to know? The milliners are doing something about it. They’ve enlisted the support of dealers, movie producers and college boys. They say the movie people promise to make film stars wear hats more often. College boys are writing pro-hat editorials In campus newspapers, saying men don’t like hatless women. “We ..re starting a girlcott against girls who boycott hats ’’
j
other woman — suppose you leave It to me.’’
Gideon blinked, but forebore any comment. He had a letter from the elder Bradlsb, as definite as a letter could be, considering how much of It lay between the lines.
“My son Is spending a few weeks at the Blair place. He Is not yet associated with me in business and is not acquainted with the details of the proposed purchase.”
It looked like a bad leak somewhere . . .
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from hie childhood, I# troubled by signs of neglect. Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee’s foster father and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged times. The ranch la going to ruin and Virginia, Matt’s daughter, le visiting the Archers, her aunt and uncle, In New York. Her uncle wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradleh, old associate of Matt e but Lee persuade» Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her, accompanied by Stanley, •on of Milton Bradleh thinks he may be able to discredit Lee in Virginia’# eyes.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Helpful Hints For Hot Weather
All homemakers face many difficult problems, as they try cheerfully to go about their tasks, in the hot trying days which are sure to be with us in the next few weeks Menu-planning can be made much simpler if you organize your work systematically.
Firstly, a word as to your supplies. Whether for company, especially the unexpected guests, or for just the ordinary family needs, a carefully stocked pantry, refrigerator or whatever means you have for food storage will help simplify the tasks as nothing else. This storing can be very economically done by careful planning and personal selection. A few extra supplies should be added each week, with your regular ordering, which keeps within the budget. This can commence some weeks before.
Consider these items when making out your list:—a variety of canned cream soups; one or two varieties of canned fish; potato chips; gelatine jelly powders; junket; a few canned vegetables. Of course the vegetables will not be required as frequently as the other items because you will be having on hand the luscious fresh vegetables, which are appearing, new ones each day. Of course you will try always to have on hand fresh lettuce, parsley, watercress with a sprinkle of onions and radishes. No doubt most of you will have most of these in your gardens and for those gardens let us be truly thankful. What a joy to pick one’s own vegetables moist with dew! Please note, that most of the supplies named can be made ready with a minimum amount of labor and previous preparation. Of course you will have on hand too a supply of salad dressing (which can be made some day as you are preparing a meal) that your supply will not be exhausted. Do not neglect to add some of the cheese productions, which are so nutritious and add that incomparable touch to so many different dishes.
To simplify your work and also reduce your cooking budget always make an extra pie shell or two and some tart shells. These will be all ready for fresh fruit and whipped cream which make the most delicious of the quickly prepared desserts.
Another hint valuable to you: have ready in containers (probably jelly glasses, covered, and each carefully marked) the following:—chopped nuts or (rolled) grated cheese, rolled cracker crumbs, bread crumbs dried and rolled. These will keep perfectly if your containers have tightly fitted covers and will be worth their weight in gold, as you prepare many of your menus containing some one of the following. Then again remember, that pie-paste prepared and kept ready in refrigerator for rolling, whenever needed and cookie dough can be made the night or day before and kept in the same manner. Both these are invaluable helpa in simplifying your daily tasks.
Now for a few recipes, which are different—
by hard
. A MODERN WOMAN According to another son, S.* J. Mansfield, secretary treasurer of the Miller Services, Ltd., Toronto, his mother is one of the most modern of women health, Mrs. Mansfield Is an ardent believer In the “dally dozen” morning exercises, in which she touches her toes with ease, but during the summer she never misses a dally plunge at the summer home, on Sturgeon Lake. Mrs. Mansfield travelled on the old Grand Trunk Railway when it was a novelty. She had her first ride in the automobile when people rushed to windows, or stood on the curb and goggled at a passing car. Now, she Is rounding out her travel experience of novelties on the railway and the highway by taking to the airway — ust 89 years young.
MEXICAN BEAUTY At fifteen Josefa Ramirez was m beauty, with glowing black eyes, a dusky flush, under an olive skin, and a slim, gay, dancing body. The young Mexicans arrayed themselves in holiday best and rode miles out of their way to spend an hour or so at Francisco’s ranchito and knives had flashed more than once for h* r
Enjoying perfect
College Girls Go Mannish in Style
Stanley
Soft Gingerbread
2 and one-third cups pastry flour
% teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground ginger
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon % teaspoon ground cloves
1	teaspoon baking soda Vz teaspoon nutmeg
9 tablespoons butter % cup granulated sugar
2	eggs
Vt cup molasses
1 cup buttermilk
Measure the flour and add the spices. Cream the butter and gradually blend in the sugar. Beat and add the eggs. Then add molasses and combine well. Sift in the dry ingredients alternately with the sour milk (in which the soda has been dissolved) combining after each addition. Turn into 8% inch square pan.
Bake in moderate oven for 40 minutes. Serve with whipped cream.
U. $. Coeds Are Adopting Sports Coate Identical With Men’s
CHAPTER IX
•The recollection of the Intended Hlur made her kinder to Lee than ahe had meant to be. She danced three more times with him. Toward the end of their last dance Virginia turned her head and laughed very
favor.
Only when Lee Hollister stopped at the sheep ranch was there something noticeably different about her — like the sultry stillness before a storm. He had known Francisco for years; the entire household exploded into hospitality at his approach and poured Its Joys and its troubles into his ears. Josefa was merely Francisco’s pretty kid to
You may be Interested in knowing that college girls have gone mannish, adopting sports coats identical with those worn by men. They wear slacks with zippers at the front and shirts that are sold across the counter'at any haberdasher. Of course, they’ve adopted the man's coconut hat.
Seniors, who this season wore long skirts, find themselves with the summer dance frock problem partly solved. Since the type of dress chosen is rather on the shirtwaist order, many plan to shorten the skirts to street length.
Everything from net to sharkskin was favored fabric with the sweet girl graduate this year. Crepes, as usual, were worn. Among undergrads there were pastels as well as white.
softly
Just outside the door. I’m going to bring her in.”
His eyes followed hers. Beyond them was an open door, its shaft of light cutting into the outer shad-and. caught in the edge of the light, they saw a gay little figure, with a dark, vivid face, black eyes that burned with excitement, and a scarlet mouth. The slim body was swaying slightly to the music, with a rippling animal grace.
As Lee looked at her she slid hastily out of sight with an impudent lift of her chin. He laughed.
“The little devil! She's Josefa Ramirez, and her father is Francisco Ramirez, who used to be a sheep herder and has now risen to the dignity of his own ranchlto. Matt helped him to get it. You can count on Francisco. His father was a servant to Don Luis Ceballos.’
“Very Interesting.” said Virginia sweetly. "Rut not much of It seems to be about the girl. You’re holding
Look, Lee
Housewives Have Fewer Accidents
him
ows
Josefa pouted and sulked, ami consoled herself with the others. Therefore she was flattered, but not particularly surprised when an agreeable young man caught her hands and said teasingly pretty things to her when she was fleeing discovery on the night of the (lance, nor even when a swift grey car. a long fascinating monster that was a haughty relation of all the cars Josefa had ever seen, appeared out of shimmering distance a few days later. It stopped before the straggling adobe buildings where a very pretty girl leaned against the plastered wall. The young man apparently had no other errand than to ask his way, but ho lingered, talking to the vulnerable Marla, and he left presently with a quick, oblique glance at the girl.
A day or two later the car passed that way again, and yet again. And once someone was with the agreeable driver — that girl, favored mortals, with the shining
Percentage of Highway Crashes Caused by Them I* Comparatively Small, Survey Reveals
I
Percentage of highway accidents caused by housewives in driving cars is comparatively small when compared with chauffeurs, unskilled labor, clerks, business and professional men. according to the report of Commissioner Arthur W. Magee, of the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Bureau. The findings are based upon the analysis of a survey of 5.090 drivers. '
UNSKILLED LABOR MOST The two occupations which produced the highest percentages of accidents were unskilled labor and clerical workers. While the t#ir drivers were involved in more accidents than either of the two specified occupations, allowances must be made for greater exposure to traffic hazards by reason of greater mileage and longer hours of driv-
Maple Icing
1 cup granulated sugar, % cup cocoa, 4 tablespoons butter, % cup whole milk, y* teaspoon maple flavoring, % teaspoon vanilla, pinch of baking powder.
Combine sugar, cocoa, butter and milk. Stir over heat until sugar has dissolved. Then bring to boil for 2 minutes. Cool slightly, then add the baking uowder. Chill. Beat until creamy and fluffy.
MINIATURE EDITION
Of A Popular Sun Style
m


a
S3
y
ta
out on n», Lee.
“Nothing to hold.” Lee was a little curt about it.
Someone else claimed her and she left him, her smile cool and sweet. Lee hesitated, a trifle ruffled by the uncertain ways of women, and then went out by the door where the girl Josefa had stood.
A WORD OF ADVICE
There was no sign of her. Lee leaned comfortably against the side of the house and rolled a cigarette.
Voices drifted to him. a man's low and laughing, a girl's in smothered remonstrance, more coquettish than angry. Lee flicked out his match and strode lightly around the corner of the house.
He thought he saw a flitting shadow. but It vanished and he could not be sure. A cigarette made a point of light in the darkness about ten feet away. Stanley Bradish was strolling toward him.
“Hello, Hollister/’ he said Indifferently. "That you? I thought that I heard voices out here.”
“Did you?” Leo was noncommittal, but his eyes searched the darkness back of the house.
“I was probably mistaken. Coming In?” Stanley tossed his lighted cigarette aside and started on.
Leo's eyes were on the half-smoked cigarette where ft had landed, still glowing.
“When you’ve been in this part of the country a litle longer.” he said evenly, “you'll use better judgment than that. A five, like some other things, Is easy to start, hut not so easy to put out/'
Stanley’s annoyed stare followed him as he strode off.
“Now what the devil,” he mused thoughtfully, “did the cow hand mean by that?”
The next day Stanley mode a trip to Saunders alone and found Ills way to the office of Gideon Morse, Counselor-at-Law.
“I’m Stanley Bradish/* he said casually. "I'm staying at the Circle V ranch. That Utile matter of the
4*
¦/

READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for h column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to Miss Sadie B. Chanters, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto/* Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
among
hair and rose-leaf skin, the girl with riches in her hands and Lee

Hollister at her feet.
STORMS WEPT BY JEALOUSY Josefa let the car pass with sulky stare, but the next day it came again, and this time Stanley alone. They were conveniently
m, I
a
/
ing
(u
Professional men. whose numbers are fewer than the other oc-cipational classifications, comprised only 5L per cent of the accident drivers.
V
was
out of sight of the ranch house, and he stopped and Invited her for a ride. She went, thrilled with the luxuriousness and arrogant speed.
After that there were, other different things, boxes of sweets, and small gifts which Josefa prudently hid. He was amusing and gay, an ardent young man. with a facile tongue for compliment and a taste for kisses. He teased Josefa. not
MV?
Handy Hints
Clean Milking
Egg added to soup to make It more nourishing should be beaten first, and the lici soup poured very slowly over it. If only the yolk is being used, beat it with a very little milk — then pour the soup over
i
A farmer should put on a dean pair of overalls before milking a cow, the Ontario Health Officers* Association was told by Frank Cote, a food inspector for the Ontario department of health.
“Squirting milk on each hand to moisten it before milking is no longer to be tolerated/* hé warned.
xsS
very delicately.
*Tm Jealous of that fellow Hollister; you like him hotter than you do me. He was coming to the Circle V this morning wffen I left. He's there a good deal, isn't he? You're no Spanish girl, Josefa, or you'd let another girl walk off with your man like that."
“How you know I worry my head weeth Lee Hollister? I got plenty fella —» ten, twenty, hondred! Eef I love. I fight for my man — fight
0
it
)
3252
Sieves that have been used for sifting dry ingredients, such as flour, do not require washing every time after use. but can be effectively cleaned by brushing well with a clean, dry brush. When the sieve is washed, however, see that it is well dried in front of the fire and brushed before putting away or the mesh is lable to become clogged and the sieve to rust around the edges.
SIZES
V 1.2.*.*!
never
&
g
»
“Send With Confidence"
for the finest
By LOUISE LENNOX
Your little cherub will love this sunsuit. A matching jacket and hat complete a charming costume for warm Summer days. The widely flared panties topped with a fitted basque are adapted from big sister’s ballerina play suit. The hat unbuttons for easy laundering and the perky bolero jacket is just perfect to slip on if the day is cool cr the sun too strong. An amusing cotton print, trimmed with tiny white ruffles or other edging is appealing to the child and fun for mother to sew.
Style No. 3252 is designed for aw.es 1, 2, 3 and 4 years. Size 2 requires 1 \ yards of 39-inch material for sunsuit, hat and jack-
any woman:
“That’s because you’re Spanish,” he said persuasively. "But eastern girls are different. They’re cold. Josefa. They’d throw over the best kind of a chap if they caught him making a little harmless love to another girl. Why I know a case . .
Amusing for Stanley, and not at all without the flavor of adventure; dangerous enough for Josefa, who was storm-swept by Jealousy of a girl from another world.
(To Be Continued)
DRY CLEANING

)
Potato Salad
3 cups cooked potato diced
1	cup finely chopped celery
2	tablespoons finely chopped onion
1 tablespoon chopped pimento 1 extra tablespoon pimento V* cup chopped ripe olives Boiled salad dressing Salt and pepper Crisp watercress Slices of hard cooked egg In preparing potatoes for dicing do not boil them until they are so tender that they break too esaily. Drain, cool and dice neat, ly. Add celery, onion, olive in4 ! pimento. Moisten with salftd 1 dressing, which should be the thick rich variety; season to individual taste with salt and pepper. Chill thoroughly. Moisten with additional dressing and pile in a bowl lined with crisp water cress (or lettuce). Spread on top
If you find that the Inside of your kettle has got furry, fill it up with water and add two heaped teaspoons of borax. Bring It to boll and allow it to boil hard for ten minutes. By this time the fur will have been loosened and can easily be got away with a few sharp taps on the side of the kettle. To prevent a further occurrence, keep a plain stone marble In the kettle.
your money can buy
t
T.
%

#
Wind in Summer
?MIDDLE-AGEi
WOMEN
Free Insurance
On All Garment# to
end From Our Factory.
The wind is a laughing girl Who dances on the hill.
Hor hair is a tangled curl.
Her hands are never still.
She wears a shining wreath Of vine-leaves on her head.
The flower-petals fallen Are words that she has said.
Her voice is quiet and cool As a shadow on the grass.
As a ripple on the poo!.
—Sava Van Alstyne Allen
CAa nteeiei
l

-

24

5Y<
Slow Burning
1
CIGARETTE PAPERS
et
HEED I HIS ADVICE!!
'**SÊm*k Thousands of women
go sm 11 lng t hru " try lng times" with Lydia *. i Plnkham’s Vegetable r Compound—famous for over 60 years In relieving female func-i tlonal troubles. Try It!
DALE
DRY CLEANERS
Send Twenty Cents (coin is preferred) for PATTERN, to Louise Lennox, Room 421,	73
West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly Your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state Size you wish.
none uni» made
J

•It
V

Barton St. at Roaslyn Ave. HAMILTON
ISSUE 27—’40
ONTARIO

B
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
SHUR-GAIN
HOC CONCENTRATE
76
O’Rielly road tax ... Patk Sheehan, 6 days work
Hudgins Garage
12 00
6 00
SHAWVILLE. JULY 11, 19*0	k no,
—Carried. Martineau, that five per cent.
K
K
Motion by Crs. Dagg there be a discount of allowed on all 1940 municipal tax generally paid within cwenty days from .... publication of collection roll and five Regular meeting of the municipal |ier cent collected on all amounts not council held on above date at the usual paj(| before the following collection roll place of meeting. Present, Andrew jg published.—Carried Daley mayor, and Councillors \oung, Councillor Dagg left the Board. Vallillee, Armitage and Martineau	Motion—Crs Vallillee-Martineau, that
Motion by Crs Vallillee-Martineau, Qleophas Benoit be appointed Constable that minutes of June 3rd, 1940, as read to controi traffic according to By-law, y*e adopted —Carried.	^	Xo. 96, of this township and that h#>
Councillors Dagg and Farrell, took rep0rt any actiori he has taken and their seats.	time for services each month.—Carried.
Mr. Bennett representing Quyon Motion—Crs. Farrell Armitage, that Molybdenite Company appeared to dis this Council adjourn in committee to cuss their assessment.	examine bridge on 8th Concession of
Motion by Crs. t arrell-Martineau fbja Township.—Carried, that assessment of Quyon Molybdenite | Council resumed same members preCompany for improvements on Lots 9-a & 9 m he altered to read $15,000.00
Minutes of Council Onslow North
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
July 2, 1940

For More Hog Profits
E
lowest cost and in the shortest period ot time.
Provincial statistics on the raising of Hog- forecast an increase of 40 percent, in the hog population this spring.
K,‘	SS& MS s
fed properly.	. ...	.
Hogs when fed grains alone will consume 1 ICO pounds
Sl"3:r,	S'»i
Hog sent to market.
Shur Gain 41 percent. Hog Concentrate when mixed with home grown grains according to feeding instructions
will make this saving possible.
For those who do not have home grown grains,
. have a complete line of Shur.Gain balanced feed specially designed for Hogs in the different stages of growth.
Hogs fed the Shur Gain way means profitable feeding
Used Cars
at
\
and Trucks
sent
Motion—Crs Farsell-Martineau, that instead of $23,505.00 not including 19jja8 McGoff he instructed to repair transmission poles—Carried.	bridge on concession 8 by putting in
Motion by Crs. Martineau Armitage, j^ree mud sills and fill bed of water-that Mayor Andrew Daley and Daniel i course with stone to about bottom Farrell be authorized to take what j r0und to pier.—Carried, action they see fit to enforce By-law No. Motion—Cis Farrell-Arn.itage, that 95 of this Township and if they see tit ; this Council adjourn until Aug. 5th, at appoint another Constable.—Carried.	j one o’clock in the afternoon.—Carried.
Letter of J. 0. Laflamme, Advocate, regarding culvert of Quyon Molybdenite Company on public road presented.
Action deferred until more details received.
Letter of M. Joannissee, special supt., regarding diversion of public road Lot 17 Range 13 of this township presented.
Motion by Crs Farrell-Armitage, that,	. ,	, 1940
M. Joannissee special supt, be requested	^ •
to draw a proses Verbel of diversion of Regular session of the Municipal public road Lot 17, Range 13, of this Council held on above date, vresent, township give length and width (30 ft.) Mayor McLellan and Councillors Duff, of said diverson have Patrick Sheehan | Fitzsimmons, Henderson, McNeill and sign same and return it to this Council. . Orr.
—Canied.	The minutes of last regular meeting
Letter of J. B. Binks of Gatineau were read and on motion of Duff Orr, | \\r. Easey, labor at Norway Bay Power Company regarding assessment were adopted, of 19 transmission poles on Lot 9, Councillor Beattie took his seat
Range 7, of this township presented. J Hugh Ross appeared and requested | Gatineau Power Co , lights Motion by Crs. Vallillee- Yonng, that A grant to be spent hauling gravel with Province of Quebec, care of inassessment of said 19 transmission poles j trucks to his road division. Motion by digents...................
on Lot 9, Range 7, of this township be I Fitzsimmons-Duff that a grant of $30. ] x A Drummond, warble fly
assessed to Quyon Molydbenite Co. be given for this work.—Carried.	powder	................
instead of Gatineau Power Company.— Mr. Ross also complained about the y Tubman,	1	lamb	killed	...
Carried	I	condition of the road leading from R \V Enmierson, valuing lamb
Letter of Jos. A. Steele, Sec.-Treas. | Bristol Mines to the South Onslow q^o Finlan, l £ days valuating South Onslow presented. No action j Tow n Line.	_ Walton Smiley 1 day
taken until a reply is received from j J. R. Corrigan’s report of the McKee Clarence Irwin 1} days 44 South Onslow Council.	j water course was read and defered until r % Smith, H days valuators’
Motion by Crs Vallillee Dagg, that : next meeting. .	clerk	and	use	of	car	100
James McGoff be authorized to put a j J. M. Kilroy’s letter was again con	miles	.................
sign on 8th Concession each side of | aidered. Motion by Crs Duff Beattie, R % Smith, 2 aladdin lamps.. bridge that is in bad condition that all ; that this Board take no action on this Roa(j division No. 39 labor on
traffic be at their own risk until such matter.—Carried.	grant ..................
time said bridge is repaired.—Carried. . Rev. C. A Sales’ bill was again con- \ complaint came to the Board that Motion by Crs Farrell-Dagg, that By-j gidered. Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons tbe owner of Lot 8 12, Range 1, bad Law No. 99 be introduced and read a j and Henderson that this bill be paid, their fence on the side street and also first time. '	For the motion Fitzsimmons, Hender- below the highwater mark on the river
Motion by Crs Vallillee-Martineau, gon, Duff and Orr. Against the motion front. Motion by Crs McNeill and that By-Law No. 99 be read a second j McNeil and Beattie. The motion was Beattie, that this ratepayer be notified
declared carried.	to remove their fence back to the
Messrs. Wm. Kehoe and Jas. 0 Rielly . boundary line at the river front.—
appeared and requested that their road Carried.
'labour be changed from the townline On motion of Cr Duff the meeting to the fifth concession. This request J adjourned.
left over untill the March meeting.
—Carried.
F. E. Bourgeau requested that he be allowed to spend the unspent road labor in his division. No action taken.
Motion by Crs Fitzsimmona-Orr, that Lot No. 10 111, Range 1, in this Town-
$10 Of) ship be sold to James Moore for the taken when it was at its shortest
sum of fifty dollars and that the Mayor distance from the earth—approx-
3 00 ;tnd Sec -Treas. be appointed to make imately 37,000,000 miles—has en the transfer on behalf of the Board.— abled scientists to arrive at definite lurried	conclusions. An expedition was
Motion by Crs McNeill-Beattie, that sent out by the Pulkovo observatory Lot No. 9-121, Range 1, in this Town- and Leningrad university. It worked ship be sold to John M, Jackson for the | in the summer of 1939 at Tashkent of $350 00 and that the Mayor and capital of the centra. Asian Uzbek Sec -Treas. be appointed to make the republic, where atmospheric condi-
transfer on behalf of this Board.- tions are favorable, and took more Carried	than 500 photographs of the red
'Motion by Crs Bcattie-Henderson, planet. It has been determined that that Robert Rnssett be appointed for Mars has quite a dense atmosphere, the part of the/Township south of the in which something resenting Hull-Chapeau road and Henry Smiley clouds and mists are formed. Study
aistf
and that they be instructed to collect orange color,ng the dog taxes where possible—Carried,
Robt. C. Lucas appeared and requested that the Bristol-Clarendon Townline opposite Lot 5 be made passable. It agreed that Cr. Orr attend to this complaint.
Messrs. R. W. Hodgins and C. H.
MacLean appeared and requested grant for the Shawville Fair. , " by Crs. Fitzsimmons Henderson, that a grant of $35 00 be given to this Fair -Carried
Motion by Fitzsimmons Orr, that Joseph Rooney be employed to build the O’Malley bridge completed for $45.00 and that Cr Beattie be appointed to supervise this work.—Carried.
A petition was presented, signed by a number of ratepayers re. the division of the Bristol-South Onslow Townline.
No action taken.
Motion by Crs Henderson-Duff, that the following bills be approved and
Charles Mayhew, payment on bridge contract and railing
for bridge..............
Est. Pat Murdock, 34 yds gravel J. R.	Corrigan, 134	44	14
Mrs	Sam	Woods, 57	14	“
14	44	44
57	44	44
„ i
Lot to Choose From
Choice
A
sa me
M
One—1938—Chevrolet Coach
Xwo—1938— Chevrolet Sedans
One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934-Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Andrew Farrell, Sec Treas.
we
Bristol Council
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC’O.
:
I

Correspondence
12 00
services rendered........
W. McQuaig, labor at Norway Bay ............. ...........
J. L,. HOGGINS
8 75
To the Editor
13 50
May I present through your paper two matters that I feel ought to be urged upon the people of this district in these days of war and England's critical need.
1st—The opening of our homes to refugees from the old land. Some homes have already volunteered to take refugee children, but there is still great need. It ought not to be difficult to picture the children (in the towns, cities and country of the fortress into which England has been turned. It is no place for children, they are always open to injury, mutilation or death ; such conditions will be destructive to their emotional nature ; a scar may be placed their souls from which they may never be free all their lives this, I place the great open spaces of Canada and the possibility this land affords for peaceful and natural living. As a war measure, to help win the war, to do our part to help our Empire, to relieve England of the fears that parents would have for their children in x war stricken land and which would be so destructive of morale, I feel that many homes ought to be ojiened to these Those coming over are from
Rev. C. A Sales, damages to
Phone 64 J.
9 75 24 00
Car
'4*201
167 19
91 00
5 33
ESTABLISHED 1883
1 00
4 50
3 00
COACH
INVALID
4 50
9 50
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
16 50
on
7 79
Against
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone SO
time.
By-Law No. 99 read a second time. Motion by Crs Maatineau-Armitage, that By-Law No. 99 be read a third time short and homologated.
By-Law No. 99 read a third time—
Carried.
Motion by Crs Young-Vallillee, that the following accounts be approved and paid :
Minister of Health, Quebec, July to December, 1939, re Mr. I Dowe
N. A. Drummond warble powder 31 20
James Cain, labour ...........
Fred Fraser, hauling 73j yards
gravel at 25 cts .........
Nathan Fraser, hauling 67i yds
gravel at 25 cts..........
Mrs. S P McGoff 141 yds gravel
at 5 cents................
Mrs. M. Cain, labour..........
Maurice O’Donnell, labour ...
Lionel Grenier, labour .......
Wm O’Reilly, labour ..........
Joseph Hickey, labour ........
Bay Young, 8 days at $2 00....
Patrick Major, 58 loads gravel
at 10 cents...............
Geo Steele, 13 days at $2 00 Thos Tracy, 5 days at $2.00. . . .
ThosTracy, labour with team. .
Thos Tracy, 7 cedar at 60cts ..
B. J. Farrell, 252 ft. B M. cedar
- plank at 22M .............
J. P. Daley, labour ..	......
1\ L O'Hara,(labour. ........
Jos Dolan, 2 days at $1 50 ..
Jos. McCann, 4 days at $1.50..
Pat’k Madden, 4 days at $1.50.
Stanley Walsh, 62 Ids gravel ..
Percy Sullty, labour.......
John Dagg, labour.............
Wm Craig, labour..............
Sam J Wilson, labour..........
Geo. Steele, labour ..........
M oses Erwin, labour........
Wm Westbrooke, labour Wm Westbrooke, 88 Ids gravel.
Rcbt. McRae, 8 loads gravel. .
Harvey Steele, 42 loads gravel.
Earl Clark, labour............
Percy Salley, labour..........
Francis Dolan, labour for M rs.
P. J. Moore ..............
Arnold Trudeau, labour for J J
Gibbins...................
James McGoff, 13& days........
Gleophas Benoit, labour ... .
Jas N. Dougherty, horse feed..
Albert Geroux, trucking ... .
Thomas Philippe, labour.......
Thomas Philippe, dynamite . .
Patrick Gorman, labour........
Harry Foran, pt. Mrs P Dolan
road tax..................
Harry Foran, pt. Mrs. Ed Morrissey’s road tax..............
Mrs. D O’Rielly road tax ..
Mrs. P. O’Rielly road tax Jos. Armstrong, A Gauthier
road tax..................
O. Jeanette, road tax ----
Fred McCann, I* days work ..
Patk O’Hearne, road tax for M M Macfarlane road tax ...
Dominic Curley, pt Mrs. P.
NOTICE
In Memoriam
more children
5 to 15 years of age, boys and girls and those receiving children may express their preference. I hive application forms that I will be glad to fill out, and I would also be glad to furnish any information in the matter thaï I can.
2nd—Those who open their homes to refugee children will give them the education that our schools can So well offer. If these foster parents extend hospitality, help clothe the children and provide books they will be having considerable expense. For this reason I appeal to the Shawville and Clarendon School Board, as their share of the war effort, to move that the school fees of all refugees be remitted, and that all children received from Europe, and cared for in foster homes here he given full school facilities free such action by the School Board will meet with the favor of all the ratepayers of the village and the township.
Thanking you for the privilege of placing these matters before^the people of this section,
H. I. Smith
was
Lucas—In loving memory oi our dear son and brother, Gordon, who was killed July 13th, 1939.
One precious to cur hearts has gone. The voice we loved is stilled.
The By-Laws of the Village of Shaw* ville prnhiliit the riding of Bicycles on tbe sidewalks of this Village. It has come to the attention of the Council that th s By-Law is not being observed
Notice is hereby given that bicycles | i'he place made vacant in our home, must stay off the sidewalks of this Can never more be filled.
Village and anyone who infringes the Our Father in His wisdom called, provisions of this By -Law will be im- The boon His love has given ; mediately prosecuted.	And though on earth tbe body lies,
The soul is safe in heaven.
Sadly missed by his parents and family
Sec.-Treas,
New Data on Mars
Study of photographs of Mars
18 38
By order,
The Municipal Council
V ILL AUK OK MI AW VILLE
16 88
Mr and Mrs. John E. Lucas
7 05
sum
Public Notice
6 75
2 60
Wilson’s Garage
3 00
Provii
Municipality Village of Sh iwvillt
2 25
I feel that
1 05
The Same Reliable Service
16 00
Public Notice is hereby given to
all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the revised valuation roll made by order of the Council of the municipality is deposited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice, during which lime any ratepayer interested, may, in writing, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration at a regular meeting of the council to be held on September 3rd, 1940, at 8.00 p.m , at the usual meeting place of the council
Given at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of .July, 1940.
H. C. ROVVAT,
Sec.-Treas.
the dark see
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
5 80
26 00 10 00 2 40
1 am yours sincerely,
ALEX F. FOKES,
4 20
Ford Service
5 55 2 52
Singing in the Bathtub
The habit of singing in the oathtub, despite the wear and tear the neighbors' nerves, has been recommended to save the wear and tear on bathroom linens. Scientists at the American Institute of Laundering approved of bathroom yodel-ing after research showed that it takes the place of a too-vigorous rubdown. “The silent bather is most likely to seize a bath towel, stretch it as it never should have been stretched, and seek new vigor by a strenuous rubdown,” the institute reported. “The result is a bath towel that is ruined by having its body stretched out of shape and its threads torn.” The institute concluded that “such maltreatment ranks with shoe wiping and razor blade cleaning as chief causes of bath towel fatalities.”
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Gullies on Ocean’s Floor Are Puzzle to Geologists
Giant gullies on the ocean floor, known as submarine canyons, were caused by artesian springs, according to a new theory by Prof. Douglas Johnson, of Columbia university, New York city.
Johnson, head of the university’s geology department, theorized that the canyons—“one of the most puzzling features on the surface of the earth"—were excavated by submarine springs in the submerged continental slope caused by artesian pressure and other favorable geologic conditions.
This hypothesis, Johnson said, “appears to offer more hope of a satisfactory solution of the submarine canyon problem than does any one of the many explanations previously advanced.”
The submerged “grand canyons,” often from one to several miles across the top, run for scores of miles, he said, occasionally at 8,000 to 10,000 feet below sea level.
“One must keep in mind the possibility that there is no single explanation for the canyons,” Johnson said
marine topography is increased by more abundant soundings and by other means, it may be found that somewhat similar yet genetically iistinct forms are now being wrongly classed together under the term submarine canyons
0 31
3 00
was
J.P. Wilson
on
6 00
6 00
0 20
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
a
Motion
60
1 SO
1 20
1 20
30
90
75
8 80
80
MANY BANKING SERVICES
4 20
30
1
GO
YOU—and almost everyone has need for banking service of some kind
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS—SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES— CHECKING ACCOUNTS—MONEY ORDERS AND DRAFTS
LOANS—business and personal.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE—and information on its
regulations.
COLLECTIONS—Credit Information, etc.
Know Your Bonk—it can be helpful to you.
*
3 15
2 40
4
27 00
60
;|155 00 3 40 13 40 5 70
1 00
India’s Sandlewood Trees
India's rich forests of sandlewood have been rescued from a dread disease after a scourge lasting 40 years. Called “spike disease,” owing to the spike-like appearance produces on the foliage of the 3 the disease caused an annual of more than $250,000 in Madras ind $800,000 in other parts of India. Xthough the exact species of insect esponsible for the disease has not oeen discovered, the forestry oflfl-j.als at Madras have found meas-to control and eradicate the This success is the result of years of research at heavy cost.
2 50
4 40
10 50
1 50
1 40
IL J Ireland,
Pat Major,
Thos. Gallagher, 35 “	"
G P Ruisett, labour on road. F Dowe, hauling gravel... T J Kearns 11	14 ...
Nathan Fraser, 44	4* . .
Ebert Beattie, spikes and in
ting bridge .........
man, cedars ..
5 70
57
3 50
t
5 00
rees
60
a 60
The
of
OSS
1 20
22 00 29 70
“As our knowledge of sub
36
30
4 50
spec
Tub
60
12 00 53 66 28 16
3 50
Ed
2 25
J E Dagg A Dagg,
Joe Twolan, 44	........
Wm Beattie, labor on road and
jres
oest
U
EST. 1132-OVKI A CENTURY Of BANKING EXPERIENCE
1 20
9 99

\
\
x
x
\
\
X
v
v
\
x
\
X
\
\
V
S
X
x
\
<
\
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
V


X
X
3

\
s


x
x
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
\
\

5
N
V
s
11
31/1/1X4/1/1X1/1/*
zurîxur
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
h a w ville United Church Rev A. F. Fokes B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday. July 14
11.00 a.m.— Service at Shawy^le 7
1.30 p.m.— Service at Zion jL
3.00 p.m,--Service at Skrks Cdr
Sermon Subject—“Abidingthings
¦ wartime.”
Evening Service at Shawville is with drawn.
k

The Equity
* * <g)	# f, f f,

V
Six Days Special Sale of
established 1883
published bvkby Thursday at SUAWVILLE, QUEBEC
AA
mm
CLARK’S
t


f
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.

nefs
1
$1.50
Prepared Food Products
JULY 8th to JULY 13th
VM STinnàPP OLS
2.00
t

All arrears must be paid In full before any paper is discontinued
m
FOR

J ROUBLE-FREE
TIRC Mill!
Bristol United Church Rev. C. Armstrono-Saleh, B, D
W. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER
s
* W
S
Cooked Spaghetti
Pork & Beans
Sunday, July 14
Sunday School 10.00 tie. vice at

High-Frequency Sound
Dispels City’s Smoke
A device to cut the pall of smoke hanging over American cities is being developed by scientists at the United States bureau o’f mines' new experimental station in Salt Lake City, Utah.
By use of high-frequency sound waves, Hillary W. St. Clair, assistant metallurgist, has developed a system which has been proved for its efficiency in clearing smokeladen, dust-filled or otherwise contaminated atmosphere.
Dr. R. S. Dean, chief engineer of the metallurgical division, who came to Salt Lake City from Washington to take charge of the experimental station, predicted that the day is not far off when St. Clair’s device will be marketed commercially at a price low enough to enable every householder and industrial operator to connect one to his chimney. ,
Heretofore the apparatus for creating the high-frequency sound waves has been too expensive and impractical.
The device that performs the "smoke-busting" act stands about 18 inches high and has a diameter of five or six inches. It resembles a small section of sewer pipe. Inside is a 23-pound cylinder of alum-At one end is a loud speak-
With Tomato Sauce and Cheese
8t. Andrews,
SEE
11.00
The Nation’s Favorit
3 for 25c 2 for 27c
Sunday School
10.30
15 oz tin
Austin,
Service at Austin for July and
August only
The Annual Memorial and Decoration Service will be held at Norway Bay Cemetery at 2.00 p.m., conducted by the ministers of the local churches. ____
John L. Hodgins
Ind. Tin 4 for 19c| Large tin 20 oz Tin 3 —27c Large Tin 2 —29c
y Rtfs
8.00
Ï

Shawville - Quebec
«

ft
Clark’s Asparagus
12 oz
30 oz
12 oz 20 oz
*
?
N




T-IZ
153
Cuttings
3
GUTTAPERCHA TIRES
23c
ANGLICAN
Sunday, July 14 St. Paul’s
10.00	a.m.— Sunday School
11.00	a.m—Morning Prayer
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Litkr’s
1.30	p.m.—Sunday School •2,00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
|Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m. —Evening Prayer
Il
19c
Tips
Peanut Butter
2 for 25c
33c
I I
8 oz Jar 16 oz Jar 24 oz Jar Bulk 2 pounds
19c
Soups
X
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
23c
Tomato, Celery, Vegetable, Pea, Consommé, Ox-
Pea.
25c
X
B
1
Sauces
!Awitai*’ ^reen
Assorted as you
wish 3 cans 23c
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
17c
Chili Sauce 10 oz Governor Sauce 8 oz 23c
rs
vecetabl|
r/
Pu lpwood Wanted
\
Your [Choice
Ready Meals
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. X. or C. P. railways, or delivered to mad side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
. 19c
Clark s Boiled Dinner 16 oz......
Clark’s Lamb Stew, 16 oz.........
Clark’s Irish Stew, I oz.......
Clark’s Pure Pork Sausage, JI 3 oz Clark’s Corned Beef, 12 oz
••••••
#••••••••
19c
14c
30c
mum
er attached to what is virtually an ordinary radio set. .
Phone 76
18c
Phone 27
‘Cribbing’ for Exams
Launches a Career
A bit of old-fashioned cribbing on spelling tests when he was in grade school launched Larry Anderson of Irwin, Pa., on his career as one of America’s outstanding penmen.
When a boy, Anderson could write dozen words on his thumbnail before time to make daily recitation. The letters were so small that the teacher could not read them.
That was how Anderson discovered that he had "microscopic"
eyes.	4
With the aid of a magnifying glass he can write on a grain of rice, or salt, .a hair, or the edge of playing cards. He can engrave the Lord’s Prayer on the head of a pin and point out the names of 28 states on the portico of the Lincoln Memorial reproduced on a $5 bill. Anderson, 32 years old, a furloughed railroad worker, explains it this way: .
"Ordinarily, I see like other folks. But when I’m writing fine characters, my eyes change focus so that I can see words others can’t. I don’t even wear glasses."
A specialty of Anderson’s is engraving names on watches. He has done *such work for King George VI and Queen Elizabeth of England and for President Roosevelt.
Hedge Improves Home
The privacy and frequently the appearance of a home may be improved by a wall or fence along the lot lines or by a hedge. The kind of enclosure used can be determined by the type of architecture of the house. Colonial cottages and frame houses in general call for a white picket fence or neatly clipped hedge. The fences may be selected from many styles ranging from the least expensive type with plain flat palings to the more ornate style with rounded pickets and fanlight gate. Brick dwellings of Georgian architecture are best framed by masonry walls. These may be any height desired, according to condi-Spanish or Mediterranean homes are best complemented by a stucco wall, although hedges of va* types are used effectively. When a horaé owner contemplates the planting of a hedge he should consult a nurseryman before making his plant selections, as the expert can tell him what variety will thrive best in local soil.
Prepared Meats for Sandwiches
Clark’s Veal Ham & Tongue, oz...........
Clark’s Veal Loaf, 7^ oz Clark’s Sandwich Spreads 3^ oz 3 for
Clark’s Ox Tongue, 7 oz...........
Clark’s Lunch Tongue, 7 oz........
COMPANY
THE HODCINS LUMBER
15c
Quebec
Shawville,
15c
• ••••••Ml*
25c
• I M

30c
a
30C
5ijô]]@jg/gjgf5jgj5MSEJSf5Ic!MSMSMSJ5M5JSM35f5I5I5H5MS15J5J5ÎBlSI5J5I5J5fSfSJ5J5J5/5ISj9,g
1
DALE’S TINSHOP
Tomato Ketchup
Tomato Juice
For a Keener Enjoyment of Food Use Clark’s Tomato Ketchup Large Bottles
19C
10 oz Tin, 4 for 20 oz Tin, 3 for 46 oz Tin, 'per tin Buy them by the dozen
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
25c
19c
turns
:27c
2 bottles for
nous
P-U-M-P-S
Demonstration
You are cordially invited to come and sample these delicious Clark’s Products during this sale
An experienced demonstrator will be
in attendance
: u of Beatty
We are carrying a large Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you.
Indian Sun Worshippers
Primitive Indians that roamed the hills and plains of central Washington hundreds of years ago were sun-worshippers, it has been learned from a study of writings and paint-
rocks found in this region.
Call in and see
this stock and save money.
Large Chipso with Bowl 29c Table Salt per box..
Iodized Salt, 2 boxes Marmalade, 2 pound Jar 24c
Sweet Pickles, large Jar 24c Assorted Fruit Flavors 25c
25c
Mixed Biscuits, 2 lbs.
Wafer Flakes..........
Gold Medal Floor Wax Vanilla Extract 2 for
5 String Brooms.......
12 Bars Castille Soap
Modern Plumber’s Education
The ability to bring the right tools and to cope with an emergency and then is not sufficient to be a good plumber, according to the U. S. office of education, Washington, D. C. The day of the "handy man" plumber is past, the office reports, and today an efficient plumber must have "an elementary knowledge of bacteriology, chemistry, physics, mathematics and drawing as they apply to the plumbing trade." In addition to this knowledge the plumber should also "know something about the history and organization of the plumbing trade, plan reading, plumbing ma,, fixtures and appliances, and use of tools and equipment, safety and accident prevention, plumbing laws and . the business aspects of plumbing." The office of education, which has made study of the plumbing business, thaf "the industry regrets the with which it has been possible
05c

mgs on
Painting in colors of red, green, black, blue and yellow with a pigment that has endured for centuries, the primitive tribes left behind a guide to their day that no has yet been able to decipher. Students of Indian lore say the de-of rays and circles indicate
15c
15c
25c
LESLIE DALE
17c
now
29c
Quebec
Shawville,
25c
one

signs
the tribes worshipped the sun, but have not been able to discover the exact meaning of the markings. Modern Indians, it is said, do not understand them and it is believed the early dwellers were a race apart. Recently, skeletons of what thought to be members of the tribes were uncovered.
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
were primitive
They were of adults slightly more uL than four feet in height.	—
• 9
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

terials
care
In Memoriam
25c
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle Dill Pickles,
Tomato Catsup Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 28 oz can Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar .... Plum Jam, per jar
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg..
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound.....
Black Tea, bulk, per pound Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin ...
G M. Peanut Butter, 20 oz ice box jar
Smith—In loving memory of our deor husband and father, G. Allen Smith, who entered into rest July 9th, 1939. “He sleeps in God's beautiful garden In the sunshine of heavenly peace.”
Wife and Family
15c
17
« I
a
• •
says ease
ih the past for an individual to ‘break in* to the trade by working for a master plumber for a brief period and then going inte the plumbing business for himself."
A.G.F. A.
Roif G. Fraser
17c
25 ‘
I •
I
10c
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 880 PhonoJCO
25c
In loving memory of our dear son and brother, Sydney Stephens, who passed away June 16th, 1938.
Those who have never lost a loved one, Cherish them with care ;
For you never know the heart ache. Until you see the vacant chair.
Our home is lonely without him,
In silence we shed many a tear.
God alone knows how we miss him,
As it has ended sad two years.
Ever remembered by
Mother and Father Brother and Sister
FILMS
25c
1

5c
iV
Elephant Collection
Dr. Leland M. Corliss of West Paris, Maine, has nearly 800 elephants—not live ones, but small models. His collection contains elephants, no two alike, from all corners of the world. The statues clutter the library, dining room, office and reception room. Corliss can’t explain how he began his hobby, but says it has been stimulated by the fact that he studied at Tufts
college	_	_
there is the stuffed hide of P. T Sarnum's Jumbo, the world s larg
est elephant phants, Corliss has elephants on his candlesticks, door stops, book ends, olaymg cards, ash trays, compass jnd dozens of other articles.
• • • •
ALL SIZES
39c
*
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
60c


25c
GUARANTEED
25c
8
15c
11
# #
# •
S •
• • • •
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin..........
Red & White Baking Powder per tin
Dates, pitted, per pound.............
Pure Lard, 2 pounds..................
25c
THE CORNER STORE
Cemetery Donations Acknowledged
Medford, Mass., where
25c
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
15c
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p. m.
Besides model ele-
Main and CentreSts 8HAWVILLE, - QUE.
Previously acknowledged Mrs. Samuel Sinclair .. Cecil Sinclair, ......
$ 32 00
. 23c
1 00
l 00
###PAGE###6###
tion 4,000 gasoline-driven, electric generating plants, 5,275 camouflage nets, 1,000 miles of electric cable, and 432 wireless sets.
The wooden rattles are used in field service for gas attack
alarms.
Canada Buy» Rattle» A» Ga» raid Alarm»
Form Notes..
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth at Canadian Camp
SUNDAY SCHOOL ( LESSON

/



(A department conducted by Pro feasor Henry 0. Bell, of Guelph, as-elated by other members of the faculty of the Ontario Agricultural
College).

¦4#i
- - ». ¦
Canada, as part of its war effort, has placed an order for 870 wooden rattles. Not to men-

K '*•
T




QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Q. What Is the best degree of acidity for ordinary farm crops?
A. The optimum PH for crops Is
as follows :
LESSON I.



By William Ferguson
Ht
This Curious World
JOB TEMPTED TO DOUBT GOD’S GOODNESS — Job 1, 2 Printed Text, Job 2:1-13 Golden Text: “In ell this Job eln-ned not, nor charged God foolish- Iy.w Job 1:22.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING ; Time — Probably In the Mosaic
or pre-Mosalc age.
Place — The land of Us, which east of Palestine and north of




6.5 to 6.9 pH. 6.2 to 7.0 pH. 7.0 to 7.8 pH.

Oats

Barley Alfalfa
Clovers (Alsike Red and White) 6.2 to 7.0 pH.
Corn (Field)
Corn (Sweet)
Beans Tobacco Potatoes
4

#
6.2 to 7.0 pH. 5.5 to 6.8 pH. 5.5 to 6.9 pH.
5.5	to 6.1 pH.
6.5	to 6.9 pH. 6.2 to 6.9 pH. 6.2 to 7.0 pH.


Bdom.
In this lesson we are Introduced to the study of the character of a truly righteous and godly man: he la righteous In his service to God; he la deeply and conscientiously religious In his solicitation for the spiritual welfare of his own children; he le forever motivated by absolute trust In God, even in the days of trouble, losses, and great physical sufferings.
Job was not a sinless man — he never put forward any such pretension. It la admitted that Job was an actual historical character, description of Job's prosperity Is fitting a patriarchal family of considerable wealth, similar to an earlier description of Isaac (Gen. SI: 14). Verse 6 is one of the most beautiful passages in all the Bible, revealing the profound concern of a parent for the spiritual welfare of the children of the family.
JEHOVAH AND SATAN
Job 2:1. Again It came to pass the day when the sons of God same to present themselves before Jehovah that Satan came also among them to present himself before Jehovah. 2. And Jehovah said unto Satan, From whence comest thou? And Satan answered Jehovah and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down In it 8. And Jehovah said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my .servant Job? for there is none like him in all the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fear-eth God, and turneth away from evil: and he still holdeth fast his Integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause. 4. And Satan answered Jehovah, and said, Skin for •kin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life. 5. But put forth thy hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will renounce thee to thy face. 6. And Jehovah said unto Satan, Behold, he Is In thy hand, only spare his life. Sat, compelled to admit his defeat far, suggests new methods of attack. God allows Satan to afflict Job with great physical distress, and yet he Is forbidden to afflict him so severely that he should die.
7. So Satan went forth from the presence of Jehovah, and smote Job with sore bolls from the sole of his foot unto hs crown. 8. And he took a potsherd to scrape himself therewith; and he sat among the ashes. It is generally agreed that the dis-of Job was the leprosy called


*r
Turnips Mangels
Q. Do you .think that the shortage of boron, copper, zinc and manganese In our ordinary farm crops is Injurious to quality of them?
A. In answer to your second question I would say that we have not found Instances of shortage of boron, copper, zinc and manganese In ordinary grain and grass crops. We have found some indications of boron deficiencies In alfalfa. We
are Investigating.
Q. Do you think the by-product
lime from the making of Calcium Cyanamide is injurious? Are there different acid correcting values of

K

n


NO
P**
IjÉ&S
INSECT

. *

KNOWN EMERGES
from the ECO
IN A
W/A/GE&
CCW0/770/V.
M






MW


ji
* '
»

? x -
The
<¦**
Xv
IN HUNTINOTON LIBRARY
SAN MARJNO, CALIFORNIA
IS A VOLUME OF
OMAR. KHAWA/V),
THAT WEIGHSONLV
OA^-ycnÇTZETT/ OF AN OUNCE
4
ments of the Canadian Active Service Force.

lime?
A. Answering your third question, I cannot see any objection to the using of the by-product lime of acetylene and liquid air. I assume that you refer to the manufacturing ot cyanamide where calcium carbide is heated In semi-vacuum and liquid air Is supplied so that the nit-of the liquid air is taken up
%


l
RADIO REPORTER
com. mr or nca service, inc.

en

KANSANS
By DAVE ROBBINS
rogen
by the heated calcium carbide to
form calcium cyanamide.
The material in the refuse would be in the form of calcium hydrate. When calcium hydrate is exposed to the atmosphere it quickly turns to calcium carbonate through taking up carbond oxid# from the air.
The relative efficiency of three forms of lime as correctors of soil acidity are as follows:
Ground Limestone, equal; Hydrated Lime. 1,480 lbs. equal; Burnt Lime or Calcium Oxide, 1.120 lbs.
“R. M. A. — Middlesex Co."
have a greater, expectation
?
OF LIFE -THAN PEOPLE OF ANY OTHER. AREA IN THE WORJLD-
LATE FOR HIMSELF
The laugh of the week in the radio world was provided by Professor E. T. Salmon of McMaster University, who is heard in a top-notch war commentary over CROC each Sunday afternoon. Last Sunday Professor Salmon was sitting near the front of a street car crawling along James Street in Hamilton—when a young lady, obviously annoyed at the slow progress of the tram, approached the motorman.
“Can’t you go any faster,” the young lady asked, “I’m in a hurry, and you will not be downtown by five o’clock.”
“What’s all the hurry, Miss,” inquired the motorman in the typically cheeky style cf Hamilton tram drivers.
“Well, I always listen at five o’clock to Professor Salmon—and I don’t want to be late.”
“At this rate you won’t "be the only one who doesn’t hear me today, Miss,” the commentator broke in.
With this, the tram driver put cn some speed and everyone was on time.
SEE CANADA FIRST Instead of going to South Am-Bing Crosby has decided
other
/2-2Î
i'N Kansas, males have a life expectation of 59.82 years, and females 61.02. Utah is next with 55.39 and 58.61, respectively The average for the entire United States is 55.3a and v8.6i. India 6 IS only 22 59 and 23.31.
NEXT: Do all trout have scales*
erica, this year to things geles.
i see among Hollywood and Los An-The hour didn’t seem right for excursions by sea, Bing decided, after he had already made his plans to go on a horsebuying expedition to the Argentine.
2.000 lbs
MAR PUZZLE
While he was mulling over where to go, he suddenly saw a crowded sight-seeing bus roll past the NBC parking lot in Los Angeles—so right then he decided to go on one of those bus tours of the West Coast—and see some of the things on his own door-
10 Over again. 12 Its monetary unit.
16 Abode.
20 Withered.
23 Roentgen ray.
25	Cotton cloth
26	To mitigate.
28	Affirmative
vote.
29	Man.
32	Word.
33	Auto sheds.
34	To liberate.
35	Clergymen.
37 Vehicles.
39	Reputation
40	To rent.
41	Chest bone 43 Salt of oleic
acid.
45	Issued valut,
46	Circle part.
49 Gibbon.
51	Sloths.
52	To drink slowly.
54 Inlet.
56 Crude.
58 Either.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Map of island republic of
A Smart Farmer Flies T o Market
iwBiM aisiitinwsrcamMigJ
mm)
T'no'as mmm agir; 3w
smsmau Tq
tinoH Mil opn
f titiifliMii 3
i	¦ iw 1

_TG!L
5 Its capital.
11 Verbal.
13	Eagle's claw.
14	Talented.
15	Sound of inquiry.
17	To carry.
18	Beret.
19	International signal of distress.
21	Serrated tool. 44 Ever.
22	Personification of light
24 Egg dish.
26 Common
verb
step.
01D1
And that’s a -thought for Canadians this year—why not spend your vacation seeing the wonders of this wide Dominion of ours? It will do you good to see what Canada has!
Arkansas Man Uses Private Plane To Get to the City 40 Miles Away
m lou
an
GEE
to
When Parks Shields of the Hop-community. Arkansas, wants to
can of

T
13 H
per
market a basket of eggs.
other products from his

u
N
And don’t miss tuning in the weekly Summer “Prom” concerts heard on Thursday evenings over the Canadian Network at Nine. Reginald Stewart and the Toronto Philharmonic orchestra offer an exceptionally fine program on these shows.
ItiOflS
cream, or garden and farm, he doesfi t JU3, straddle a mule or crank the fam lly flivver as his neighbors do. He merely goes to his private airplane hanger back of his barn, swings open the doors, steps on the starter of his small piano, taxies across the meadow, and within less than 50 minutes is in Hot Springs 4V miles g way. Time was when travel from the Hopper community was exceedingly slow. It took two or three days for the older member of the Shields family to make the round trip in a linchpin wagon.
the rough topography of
58 Willow twig.
60	Caterpillar hair.
61	Footlike part.
62	Oiler.
63	To embroider.
45 Abnormal regularity in flowers.
47 Tree.
NOTES AND NEWS
While you don’t hear so much about them these days—Gracie Allen and George Burns are still about the smartest pair on the air. You can dial them in from the NBC-red network any Monday evening at 7.30.
A worthwhile show that will be on the CBC chain this Friday night at eight o’clock present Stanley Masted, in The World in Review—and it really is a review of everything.
SPOTLIGHTING THE DIAL-
48 Roof of mouth.
50 To wear off. 52 Its
ease
elephantiasis; the form and countenance were so distorted by the disease that the sufferer’s friends could not recognize him. The patient was haunted by horrible dreams and unearthly terrors; he was physically helpless.
JOB AND HIS WIFE
». Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still hold fast thine integrity? renounce God, and die.
10.	But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive it? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.
The worst trial of all is when those nearest to us, instead of us strengthening our hand in God and confirming our faith, conspire to destroy it. The counsel Job’s wife gives Is Just that which Satan expected would be suggested by Job’s heart. Keen as the trial was, Job held fast his integrity.
Issue of the second trial resembles that of the first. As before he had recognized God’s right to take as well as to give, so here he admits it to be man’s duty to accept evil from God as well as good.
THE THREE FRIENDS
11.	Now when Job’s three friends heard of all this evil that was como upon him, they came every one from his own place: Eliphaz the Te-manits, and Bildad the Shuite, and Zophar, the Naamathite; and they made an appointment together to come to bemoan him and to comfort him. 12. And when they lifted up their eyes afar off, and knew him not, they lifted up their voice, and wept; and they rent every his robe, and sprinkled dust upon their heads toward heaven. 13. So they sat down with him upon the ground seven days and seven nights, and none spake a word unto him; for they saw that his grief
very great The day of dark-had sifted the crowds of Job’s professed friends. For the three who came we can have nothing but admiration. Their coming is prob ably prompted by love and syrop-•thy for him.
With the introduction of the three friends the prose narrative j of the prologue (of the book of Job)
Is brought to a close. It is obvious1 y intended to enforce two main lessons: 1. that man is capable of dis
27 Shred.
30	Sooner than
31	And.
33	Blithe.
34	Fabulous bird.
VERTICAL
1	Cloak.
2	Polite.
3	Aromatic.
4	Malt drink.
6	Preposition.
7	Tanner's vessel.
8	Shad.
9	Marked with 59 Musical r ' \
Interested goodness, of serving God without any though of the material benefits which may thereby accrue to him. 2. that one purpose for which suffering is permitted by God Is to test men.
predominant
crop.
53 Craft.
36 Being.
33 Trunk drawer.55 Its second 40 Nocturnal mammal.
42 Genus of
important
industry,--
making.
57 Roman road.
But now
the Ouachita hills Is no barrier. Wings have replaced wheels and Little Rock is only an bout
Weeklies’ Manager
lines.
swans.
even
7
3 4
7
III
away.
Parks Shields is a young air minded farmer of the hill country His boyhood ambition was to and fly his own plane. He took fly ing lessens at the air field in Hot Springs and obtained a pilot t h cense. Then he obtained a plane, for his private usa and built a shed and landing field on his


Review of the war by
Sunday
Prof. E. T. Salmon from CROC at five . . . Fun in Print on the Columbia chain at six . . . He use of Charm on NBC-red network at ten . . . Rocky Mountain Melody Time via CBC at 11.30 . . . Tuesday — The Breakfast Club from CBC each morning at nine . . . Easy Aces on NBC-blue network at seven . . . Vagabond Trail on Mutual network at 10.30 . . . Thursday — L’il Abner from NBC-blue chain at six . . . News from Britain cn CBC at 7.30 . . Talk of the Town from CROC at 8.15 . . . Major Bowes’ amateurs on Columbia network at nine . . . Saturday the Week from CROC at 6.30 . . Helen Marie Briscoe on the CBC chain at 6.45 . . . Radio Gui! I Drama on NBC-blue network at
. Chcral Festival from
own
6
17
s
?4

fc
E
18
la
?
#

7
22
e
Iangar
farm. He visits local fairs and picnics in the surrounding country and adds substantially to his farm income. Neighbors ride for a look at their hill-farms from the air. Wings have conquered the Ouachi
i
26
to
L- /

6
b
133
own
The
a
43
0

tas
m
away
7P-
Wo Monkeying

6
4

Band of
52
An organ grinder of Italian descent posted this sign on his hurdy-gurdy in Leeds, England,
last week:
"I'm British and the monkey is from India.”
8
C. V. Charters, Managing Director of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association, ~ annual convention is being held July 4 and 5 in Calgary.
3
2
whose
eight . .
WOR-mutual chain at 9.30.
By J. MILLAR WATT
i
POP—Golf Hazards
%

don T FORGET TO REPLACE- THC-DIVOTS /

one
GREAT SCOTT-', AN AIR RAID !
f
d, *	*
r SAV, JUST A MINUTE, GUVNOR
»
H

*
Li
I
r

!
was
ness

8


R
3


Up




i#!


|r


'2


###PAGE###7###
When Angry, Take
Drink of Water

When U-Boat Threatened U.S. Liner
Modem
Etiquette
«WP*
S
Alloys Smith, 88, of Dunkirk, N. Y., clafms to have a novel method of preserving domestic tranquility.
“When a spat is arising between husband and wife or other members of a family, let each take a drink of water and then walk away for 10 minutes,” Smith says. “Both persons must perform the act, it won’t work with just one.”
Smith should know. He and his 82 year-old wife are entering on the 84th year of their marriage.


4
Vf*-'
BY ROBERTA LEE
IS
and "how do
howdy
§
Q. Are correct greetings,
A. No, they are vulgarisms. The
correct forms are “How do you do? Good morning
Good evening.”
Q. If a husband and wife have a friend at dinner, only the should the husband
V
Good afternoon

'
woman
three persons,
seat the guest?
A. Yes. He should seat the guest
first and then his wife.
Q. Should a man constantly refer
to his wife as she”?
A. No; this is disrespectful.
Q. When meeting a friend you have not seen for a long time. Is
Have you been

tisf*

/
How Can I?
^ TJ*B
%
m

BY ANNE ASHLEY
1
Rose Spectacles
Soothe Pheasants
the toe to thoroughly separate them after washing.
A. How can 1 remove putty stains from glass?
A. Rub vigorously with a cloth dipped in strong, hot vinegar.
Q. How can I prêtant small rugs from wrinkling?
A. Make a solution of 1 part glue dissolved in 10 parts of war water. Hang the rug over a pole and paint the wrong side with this solution. Use sparingly, or It may soak right through and show on the surface. Perform this out of doors, where It will dry quickly.
Q. How can I brighten the red tiles of a fireplace or porch floor?
A. Rub them with a cut lemon and a little salt; then wash with warm, soapy water.
?
î
mt

Q. How can 1 quickly make a paper paste substitute?
A. Rub the slice of a raw potato over the paper to be pasted.
Q. How ran F most easily extract the white from an egg?
A. ff only the white of an egg is needed, don’t break open the shell. Simply pick a small hole in one end ct the egg and drain out the white. Then place a piece of wax paper the hole, and the yolk will
it all right to say ill? You are looking so tk'n”?
A. Never. If you cannot truthfully say that the friend is looking well, It Is better to make no remark at all a-s to your Impression.
Q. When attending an informal
dinner and a guest sees that another guest Is taking no part in the conversation, what should one do?
A It is the duty of the hostess (not a guest) to see that each one of the guests takes part, in the conversation.	_
Q. May a debutante wear a slfkg
of pearls at her coming-out T&rtfT, A. Yes, but no other jewels. -
y
Mm
The world is very beautiful for
Lyle’s ring-necked
Texas.
A
«

Dr. J. M
pheasants, Fort Worth They look through rose-colored
glasses.
Dr. Lyle jnade the glasses for his pheasants in a move to cut down homicides among the fowl.
Colored glasses prevent the birds from “seeing red” or anything blood-colored. A spot of red, the doctor explained, has always been the signal for a knockdown, dragout fight in the animal kingdom.
m
w
f

h
over
ke#-p better than If placed in an open dish.
y. How can I cause socks and stockings to dry more quickly after they bave been washed ?
A. The socks and the stockings will dry more quickly if the hand is run through them all the way to
1
Wm
SEEK






%

This photo was brought home by the United States liner Washington when she docked at New York with 1,500 American refugees from Europe’s war zones. It shows passengers in the lifeboats of the big liner during the encounter with a submarine oft the coast of Portugal. The commander of the U-Boat (later revealed as German) , repeatedly emphasized his determination to torpedo the “American ship” ... This Is an American ship” finally was understood and believed. The liner was then allowed to proceed. TOP photo here shows the tense-faced passengers in the lifeboat awaiting the result of the frantic exchange of signals. BELOW, relieved and smiling faces as the danger of torpedoing blew over.
? ? 4
?
HEALTH
TOPICS
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• • •
PHOTO FINISHING
Hr SINE9S OPPORTUNITY
AGENT* WANTED
FREE! You Can Now Own
A HE YOU INTERESTED IN MAKIng money? Start a business of your own at home in spare time. ' Field Sales Company, P.O. 92. Toronto.	_____
AGENTS WANTED TO REPRES-fiit “The Old Reliable Eon thill
Exclusive territory in Liberal terms
FRESH VEGETABLES
Did you know that the tempting looking “heart” of a young, green cabbage is of lower food value than the outside leaves?
That is one cf the items of information handed on Health League of Canada, in connection with the League’s campaign to raise the standards of health and efficiency in Canada.
Moreover, says League of Canada, since some of the value of cabbage,—vitamins and minerals—are lost in boiling, cabbage salad is more nutritions than cooked cabbage.
It is pointed out, too, that price has little to do with the food value of vegetables. Brussels sprouts may cost three times as much as the humbler cabbage, but they are net one bit more nutritious. Canned vegetables, though they are put up in three grades: fancy, choice, and standard, arc of equal value whatever the grade.
omplete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, îanufactured and guaranteed by;
Silver Company.
Nurseries town or country paid weekly. Handsome free out fits. Stone and Wellington. Tor
Valle
Bo
International ou may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c. or 8 reprints 25c plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best in quality and service send your films * Imperial Photo Service, Station J Toronto.	_____________
British Coal’s Not Available
FARM EQUIPMENT
nto
• HAVE •
YOU HEARD?!
?
SPECIAL BARGAINS WHILE THEY Last — all equipment reconditioned and guaranteed. Demonstrating and Rebuilt Melotte Cream Separators; Electric Grinders: Grinders: Hammer Mills:
Mills: Diesel Engines, all sizes; Gasoline Engines: Electric Lighting Plants; Tine and Link Harrows:	Washing Machines; Coal
and Wood Stoves: Water Pumps and Pressure Systems:	Electric
Floor Polishers:	Aerated Milk
Coolers; Fractional Horsepower Motors: Write me today. S. A. Lister, Stewart St.. Toronto.
AVIATION
by the
URGENTLY REQUIRES TRAINED men. capable, of maintaining and building aircraft. Canada's largest Aviation Training School offers courses in Flight Training, Aircraft Mechanics and Aircraft Welding which should assure intelligent, capable men of future in an industry which will develop indefinitely; not fade away when the war Is over. Look to your future. Full particulars from Leav-fns Brothers. Barker Airport, or Island Airport. Toronto. Phone KEnwood 3831.___________________________
Says Surplus Will Be Needed Over There
Letz Roughage
to
the Health
J. McG. Stewart of Ottawa, Canadian coal administration, told the Canadian Retail Coal Association annual convention that no domestic shortage of coal should be anticipated. The mines of Eastern and Western Canada and those of the United States were capable of vastly increasing their output. It was likely all of Britain’s extra production needed by France since Germany’s invasion of Holland, Belgium and Northern France and that Canada “must look less to Britain for our anthracite and more to our Canadian mines and to the United States.”
Two travellers stood in the lounge». One was doing most of the
talking Ye*
PROPERTY FOR SALE
$3,200 BUYS GOOD
country store, stock and fixture*. Dwelling attached. W. J. Dickev, R R. 2. Burford. Ontario.______
general:
said the talkative one, “1 home one morning after mideight and. as I opened the door, I a stranger kissing my wife. I closed the door softly and hurried downstairs. At 1 a m. I came back and opened the door softly — and there was the stranger, still kissing my wife. So I went downstairs once
again. At 1:15—"
"Just a minutes,” Interrupted the other man. "Why did you keep galloping downstairs? Why didn't you walk right into the room?"
The talkative one frowned. "What?” he cried. "And have my wife catch me coming home at that hour?”
FOR SALE 36-60 GEO. WHITE & Son* thresher, equipped with grain blower and belts. Cockehutt tractor plow. 3 furrows No. 8A. Cockshutt tractor double disk 8 ft. All are in good condition and must be sold to settle estate. Elmo Sleeman, R.R. No. 4, Port Hope, Ontario.	______
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
SKILLED LABOUR WANTED
FIRST - CLASS PLANER. BORING Mill, and Lathe Hands for general machine shop work. Reply stating age and experience. To locate in Toronto. Box No. 8, 73 Adelaide
BAKERS* OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst SU Toronto. _	___________
would be
w
BABY CHICKS
FILMS
TURKEYS
ORDER FOR July delivery now. (Also for Aug-
if wanted)
BRAY CHICKS
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH ORders over 20c. Roll films developed and 8 prints 25c. Reprints 3c. The quality of our work has kept our customers across Canada satisfied for over 10 years Starnnman Co.. Weber SL E.t Kitchener. Ont.
ust and September limited quantity started chicks. Bray Daily Bulletin of specials lists bargains. Coming markets look good for raising all the birds you've room for. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N.. Hamilton.
TCRKEYS - RRAmr DAJ-OLD AND
started	—..	. ,
You can t do better than stock Bray’s for later good markets. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N., Hamilton.
Inexpensive Items
And here is a hint as to the cheapest way of obtaining tomato juice, without which lunch or dinner is not complete for a
great many people: buy the lowest priced grade of canned tomatoes, gays the Health League of Canada, and strain off the juice. The residue may be combined with other foods or used
W. A.
LYONS’
YOU RECEIVE THE WORTH OF your money when you buy John-so:vs chicks. They are bred to lay and are good table fowl. Prices for June and to the end of the season: Rocks 8 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 14 cents, cockerels 7 cents. Leghorns 8 ccnis, 90 per cent, pullets 17 cents, cockerels 2 cents. All are blood tested. Rooks are bred from O.B.S. stock. Leghorns are the Barron strain. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent, with order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus. Ont.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE
SUMMER SALE
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
The largest assortment of high-class reconditioned furniture In the city. Every article guaranteed thoroughly clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satis-
$l&50**8-plece Chesterfield Suite, in figured Jacquard, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$7.95 Single Chesterfields In repps, and mohair covers, ideal for summer cottages.
$22.60 Smart 3-piece repp Chesterfield suite. Reversible Marshall spring cushions.	.	_	.
$27.00 Large brown mohair Chester-Held Suite, 3 pieces. Figured reversible Marshall cushions.
$35.00 Modern 3-piece Chesterfield Suite In rust repp. Figured reversible Marshall cushions.
$49.00 Beautiful large 3-plece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in green mohair. Marshall spring cushions.
Perfect.	.	,.
$17.50 Solid oak dining room suite, mismatched. Buffet, table and 6 chairs.	.	.
$24.00 Fumed oak dining suite, buffet. extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$39.00 Solid oak dining suite. 9 pieces. buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and « leather upholstered
chairs.	.	.	., ,
$59.00 Modern 9-piece oak dining suite, buffet. extension table, china cabinet and C leather upholstered chairs.	,	. .
$69.00 Large dining suite In rich 2-tone walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and * leather upholstered chairs.
$89.00 Beautiful solid walnut dining suite (cost new approximately $225.) large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.	_	_	,
$129.00 Large solid walnut dining suit. 9 pieces, chair seats and backs upholstered in genuine leather.	.	,	.	..
$24.00 Large dresser in walnut fim Ish. Simmons steel bed to match complete with sagless spring and new mattress.
$35.00 Complete bedroom Suite In rich walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier. full size bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
$47.00 I^arge bedroom suite In two-tone walnut. Triple mirror Vanity, chlffrobe. full size bed. ssglcss spring and new mattress.
159.00 Factory sample bedroom suite in blenched walnut finish, waterfall design, round Venetian mirrors. dresser, vanity, chiffonier and full size bed.
$16.95 Large double door wardrobe, modern, in two-toue w'alnut fin-
What Science; Is Doing j
DOMINION-PROVINCIAL YOUTH Training offers free domestic service course to young women between sixteen and thirty years of age. For further information apply in writing to Supervisor, Home Service Training School. Dept, of Labor, Parliament Buildings. Toronto.
Student: "I’m handling this plan# pretty well."
Instructor: "Yeah, just keep H up."	,
The customer was dissatisfied with the quality of the milk.
"It can’t be helped milkman. "It’s due to the shortage of grass. Why. the cows are so upset about it that I’ve seen them cry-tig because they can’t do themselves credit."
"Well perhaps so." said the customer, wearily, "but you might try to prevent them dropping their tears into our bottle.”
+ 4#
SUGAR LACK AFFECTS BRAIN
Lack of sugar and other carbohydrates In the brain may result in certain abnormal nervous and mental reactions, according to a report of two Kansas City doctors.
m soups.
One other suggestion: don’t use soda to preserve the color in cooking green vegetables. Not only if it unnecessary if the lid is left off the pot, but it destroys the valuable vitamin C, says the Health League.
MEN WANTED
said the
LOOK AT THESE NEW LOW PRIO-f.H for High Quality, fast-maturing chicks for July. Leghorns 17.45. 90 per cent. Pullets $14 90. Uockerejs $1.50. Barred Rocks. New Hamps $7.95. Pullets $11.95, Cockerels Barred Rocks $6.95, New Ham ns $6.46. 10 other breeds and five Hybrid crosses to choose from: Started chicks. Capons. Turkeys. Four weeks to twenty week old free range pullets. Free catalogue. Tweddlr Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
MUSICAL REQUIREMENTS
LET US LOOK AFTER YOUR MUS lea: requirements. Music, Instru ments. accessories. Broadway Mu sic, 2375 Yonge St.. Toronto.
VITAMIN HELPS EYES
New evidence that a vitamin (riboflavin. part of the vitamin B complex) cures certain kinds of eyestrain, burning and Itching eyelids and painful sensitiveness to strong light is reported.
Doctors who made tests said It "caused prompt and sometimes a dramatic relief” of such ocular symptoms in persons lacking enough of the vitamin in their diet.
l»EH«ONAI
QUIT TOBACCO <NIJFF. EASILY. Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials (Unrnn'eed. Advice fre* n* rMett’s Bn* 1 Winnipeg.
“Asphalt Lake" Traps Animals
An emigrant wse preparing to leave hie native land and try his luck abroad. An acquaintance Inquired casually are you going to do when you arrive In America7"
"Take up land."
"How much?"
“Only a shovelful at a time."
BUY QUALITY CHICKS. EASY TO raise, the stand-by of thousands of poultrykeepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches a week to take care of prompt shipment. Vigorous breeding stock. Selling Farms A Hatchery. Elmira. Ontario.
FERTILIZER
PURE. UNI JS ACHED HARDWOOD Ashes for Fertilizer. One Thousand ton. FREE CIRCUI^AR. Geo. Stevens, Peterborough. Ontario.
Prehistoric Fossils Are Found Near Russian City, Preserved in Ancient Tar
What
SALESMEN WANTED
TOP NOTCH NEW LOW PRICKS for High Quality chicks from hloodtested breeders effective July 15th. Standard Quality White Leghorns $6.45. 90 per cent Pullets $13.40. Cockerels $1.45, Barred Rocks, New Hamps. $6.95. Pullets $10.45. Cockerels Barred Rocks $6.90. New Hamps $6.25. White Rocks, Wyandottes. Hybrids, Barred Rocks x New Ham os. New Hamps x Barred Rocks $7.45. Pullets $11.45. Cockerels $7.90. I^rge Egg Quality add one cent. Bigger Profit Quality add two cents. Free folder. Top Notch Chlckcrics, Guelph. Ontario.
A prehistoric "asphalt lake." rich In animal fossils» has been discovered a few miles from the famous Soviet oil city of Baku, writes a correspondent to the London Sunday Observer. Many centuries ago the lake, little more than 300 square yards in area and six feet deep, was a mass of sticky asphalt which glistened in the sun.
PRIMITIVE WILD HORSES
In the early quaternary period, hundreds of sabre-tooth tigers, primitive wild horses, deer, bears, and wolves, also other animals mistook the glistening surface for water, plunged in to quench (heir thirst and were caught forever in the sticky morass.
The fossil wealth of the Baku "asphalt lake” which is compared by paleontologists to the famous "tar lake" in southern California, was discovered by a group of young Soviet geology students on au exclusion.
F AMI LEX QUALITY PRODUCTS becoming better known every day — we need more salesmen to Insure the best possible service to satisfied customers. Any active and honest man can make a living selling 200 necessities which bring repeat orders by themselves. There is NO RISK with our successful plan. Ask for FREE catalogue and information: F AMI LEX COMPANY. 570 St. Clement St., MONTREAL	______
SPEED CONCEPTION CUT
First complete measurement of the speed of rotation of a spiral nebula of stars, the same sort of system which forms the milky way with the earth as one of Its little spokes, was announced to American Association for the Advancement of Science. The measurements change one of man’s conceptions of the speed of the earth through kpace, cutting it down from perhaps 100 miles a second to only 20.
Two piano movers knocked on the door. A meek-looking fellow with an inferiority complex opened
tt
"Did you order a piano from the Flatnote Music Shop?” asked the first piano mover.
The tenant shook his head. "Not a piano,” he corrected, f ordered a flute."
The piano mover studied a slip of
SALESMEN WANTED
MAKE $5.00 A DAY! SELLING Exclusive. lines of Lingerie. Dresses and Men’s Wear. Highest commissions paid. Thousands of satisfied customers. Write quickly MORRIS TEXTILES CO., mond Ruildlng. Montreal.
LAST OF THE SEASON PRICES for Baden Hiah Quality Govt. Approved bloodtested chicks. Effective July 15th. Standard Quality White Leghorn* $6.96. 90 per Pullets $13.90. Cockerels $1.45 Barred Rocks. New Hamo-shlrvs $7.45, Pullets $10 86. Cockerels Barred Rocks $6.75, New Hampshire* $6.50. White Rocks. White Wyandottes. Light Sussex Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps. New Hamps x Barred Rocks. White Leghorns x Barred Rocks $7.95. Pullets $11.35 cockerels $7.76. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to 30 ounce eggs edd one cent. Turkeys, older pullets four weeks to twenty weeks. Free catalogue. Baden Electric Chirk Hatchery. Limited. Baden, Ontario._____________________________
The Drum-

"According to this,” he grumbled, "you ordered a piano.”
The man with the Inferiority complex studied the two husky piano movers.	».
"Very well,” he said, nervously. •'Move It In. But If your firm makes any more errors like that, I’ll have deal somewhere else!”
ent
NEW PROCESS KEEPS LARD
John Holmes, president of Swift and Company, announced last week the discovery of what he described as a "revolutionary development” In the processing of lard.
The development, the meat packer president said, Involves the addition of small quantities of a vegetable substance obtained from tropical trees, making it possible to protect lards natural advantage# and at the same time keeping it
exposed to air without
QUICK ACTION HOME COURSE
FREE WITH EVERY STRING IN-etrument. Send for big No. 39 catalog. Instruments exchanged, repaired. Peate Musical Co., 1431 Mansfield. Montreal.
Ft KNITL RE FOR SALK
Ish
$14.50 6 piece breakfast suite, buffet drop-leaf table and 4 chairs.
$11.50 Kitchen cabinet*. sliding porcelain ton, roll fronts.
$10.50 Studio Couch makes into twin beds, spring mattress, 3 bnck cushions.
$12.95 Simmon* steel bed in walnut
with
FURNITURE BARGAINS — FREE catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold op money-back g' antes. Wholesale Furniture. D K . 4
A newspaper reporter had taken the announcement of a wedding over the telephone. A few daye after It was printed, he re Wived an excited, jndiqnsnj
cell from the bridegroom. "Just
the bride
unr
less, cover more, last longer, lay lister. *ave sheathing. Buy now before war advances price*, direct from factory. Superior Products mited, 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia, torio._____________________________
ept
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
Bathurst St.. Toronto
Iryh when refrige ratio
CLEAR A/M A le a new mealclae guaranteed to give quick aad •Hive relief from . Asthma
finish
spring and new mattre**.
Buy With Coaflileace
with a positive
complete
eagiess
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Call from the Nrhat do you mean
Oil
e brine-	j
1 e	i j
laid we	1
taeka. If you are not satisfied with results after use. simply the empty box and we II
___your money. Write for h
box of CLEARAZMA to-day and enclose $1.00 cash or a money-order.

All good* sold
grooiji growled, "¦ Toupie wTm five af
MX
mone>-l»nck «unrautre of aatU/ae-
weaS
ef/hfct Bites— Heat Rash
I bit*. 1rs4
sod *>th« externally
floe

New
Used
exterminator
Inan’#? I distinctly ## WéuTd IJv# at the old manse
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTOR*. POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic H o I a t a • Winches Starter*,
Radial ora —
DERPO* BUG KILLER — 85c. Exterminates bedbugs, moths, çoek-crickets. fleas, lice, ond
roaches
At Knton*. Simpson's. Tsmblyns. to cal dealers or Derpo Product*. To
fonts.
ïïwd'aiïtôiHa iw worM-Umew oooliiirMt»-
SL*1ajftUSS*
Building permits issued in 202 lei pa lilies in Canada during month of April had a value
$9,910,639.
ASSOCIATED DRUG PRODUCTS 1277 Queen Street West, Toronto. Ontario
Carbaretora, Exchange Service, _Jaaa — Satisfaction or Levy Auto Parte, l>e»t. J.,
ISSUE 27—"40
¦tf ne»
WHI 1
\
Ul
Toronto
IK*
###PAGE###8###
Tenders Wanted
notice
Cemetery Memorials
I wish to announce that I have purchased the grocery business on Main Street, Shawville, ot Mr. XV. J. G. Gibson, and respectfully solicit a share ot patronage from the people ot Shawville and district. A fresh stock of groceries fectionery, ice cream l drinks always on hand.
Mrs. Bruce Barber
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to 6.00 o'clock p.m. on Saturday, July 20th, 1940, for the
Work Supplies for
MEN
%
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
following :
Painting inside of School No. 1 Painting inside of School No. 11 Repair man for the different Schools
to work, color and
at the
.vo, cotv and soft
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
Work Shirts—fawn and blue covert cloth, sizes 14| to 17........
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality ........
Work Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 41.............
Work Socks
95 cts.
Specifications as quality of paint to . be Secretary’s Office.
A large and distinctive Stock to choOse from
Phone, 278
seen
STRAYED
JOHN A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer,
Clarendon School Board
$1.35
Strayed from the premises of the
undersigned, about five weeks’ ago
Information re
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
one
Several makes to
1 dark red bull calf
$2.95 tO $5.00 • garding whereabouts will be thankfully
*	XI received by,
MRS. WESLEY YOUNG
Onslow Corners, Que.
Look Here
Sizes
Clarendon Council
approval :
The Shawville Creamery
tubes.............
Roy Elliott, hauling gravel for
E. Armstrong..........».
N. A. Drummond, 200 packets fly powder. ..
Minister of Health G. B. Tucker, Road Signs
Motion by Crs Hanna and Judd, that these bills be paid—Carried.
As per notice given by Councillor Hanna at a previous meeting of this Council, regarding a rate It was moved by Cr. Hanna and seconded , by Cr. Grant, that a rate of nine mills bo and is hereby levied on all taxable property in this Municipality of Clarendon, defray the expense of this Council, for the year 1940.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Whvk-n-Grant, to adjourn.—Carried.
75 cts.
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc
Boiler
California Lava Beds
The Lava Beds National monument in California presents many interesting features, geological as well as historical. Despite the warm
of this section of Califor-number of the caves, formed
I 7 60
t
25 cts.
July 2nd, 1940
o
104 00
Clarendon Council met on the above date, present Mayor Barr, Councillors Smart, Grant, Hanna, Judd, Whelen and Macfarlane.
Minutes of last meeting was read and approved on motion of Crs Whelen and Macfarlane.
Mr. George Mee, complained to the board, that the weeds on the right of y of the C P R * was a detriment to his property, also the fence was m a very bad condition, and that sand was covering certain portions of his farm due to changes in a water course by the
C.F.R.
Motion by Crs. Smart and Macfarlane that the Secretary notify the C.P.R. Officials, that this Council would appreciate adjustment of these matters at early date—Carried.
The following bills were presented for
APARTMENT TO LET - Apartment suitable for small family. Apply to Mrs. Bruce Barber, Shawville. I none 1-U.
130 GO 12 06
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
%
uebec
summers nia, a L_
by lava flows, contain ice formations which never melt. Frozen during a long period of years have taken on the beauty of crystal stalactites and stalagmites, with sol- pen SALE—One 8 fork Hay Tedder
by the lava drippings. Much of the , surface of the area is formed by : oillowy lava. Scientists explain that -ÿoR SALE-Fiftv acres of good hay •his flowed like thick molasses from sale on the 4th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to Donald Fraser, 351 XV averley Street, Ottawa.
6 00
LOST-Somewhere in Shawville on Sunday. July 7th. pair of Shell-rimed Glasses. Finder please notify John n HoiXiiNs or The Equity Office.
A
the caves
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
wa
Phone 20-‘20
be taken to have it divided.—Carried.
A letter from Mrs. C. Brennan was received regarding Proven Line. >o|-rubi
July 3, 1940 action taken by Council.
âïïsSHSF®. s533Kf 7^1
Mayor G. G. McDowell, and Crs. <jrs> XVestbrook and MacKtchme, that A. O. Fades Cotie, Strutt and Henry Mulligan have this work done.— ¦
J. J. Caldwell.	.. Carried.	.	-	, A I
The minutes ot the last meeting James Proulx appeared at board and
were read and approved by motion r€qliested to be entered on Municipal
of Crs. A. O. Hades and Cotie.	ftS ovvnev 0f Lots 6 and 7, Range 1.
The following bills were present-	tion nf Crs MacKechnie-Clarke,
ed to the Council for api>rova	his	was granted.-Carried.
Gatineau Power Co..... «g g Gn .nation of Cr. Westbrook the |
b red Laframbolae...-	3	00	meeting th-n a, j -nmed
Jack Elliott............ 3	40
George Millar .......... r	1
Victoria Foundry Co...	->
N. A Drummond.......... «>	*-}}•
VV. R. Beckett ......... %	00
Harold Beckett........ -'J	,
Ministry of Health ..—	40 811
Lis r&snrsMv s
O Hades that the above times, because it is considered one
of the greatest fire hazards of to-
of fissures in the earth * The material is still so un ffected by weathering thaï it ap to have been molten only a
This is the type
scores
Shawville Council
John A. 1)kan,
Sec-Treas
HAY ON SHARES - A quantity of
Apply to Phone—
ears
e\v months ago if lava known in Hawaii as Ha hoe
good mixed hay on shares. H. J. Cvthhkrtson, Maryland
an
$• V
A STATEMENT ON FORD WAR WORK IN CANADA
Svc.-Treas
Poor E’ectr'cai Wiring
f.n‘ed ?s Firs Hazard
The use of cheap and poorly
the war to the full limit of its resources. Until the British
Empire is victorious, until the battle for freedom of nations and liberty of peoples is won, we have pledged all the vast manufacturing facilities of Canadian and overseas affiliated companies to the' service of the Empire
by Cr A bills be paid
Motion by Crs Cotie Strutt, to day extend waterworks North, along Clarendon Street by two-inch galvanized pipe for approximately 400 feet, proprietors to do all digging in connection therewith.— Carried.
The matter of riding bicycles on the sidewalks was brought to the attention of the Council and it was decided that the By law in this connection be strictly enforced and notices posted to that effect.
Moved by Crs Caldwell Strutt, that George Prenderga*t be appointed Councillor to fill the vacancy caused by the withdrawals of Messrs. J. M. Argue and Reginald Hodgins.—Carried.
Moved by Crs Fades and Cotie, that all licenses issued under the license By-law be subject to approval of the Council.—Carried.
Moved by Crs Strutt and Caldwell that legal action be taken to recover dog taxes not paid within ten days.—Carried,
Motion by Crs Cotie and Strutt
to adjourn.—Carried.
This Company is in
With several safe types of surface extension wiring now on the market which are both inexpensive and to install, there is no longer for the use of cheap
easy
our

any excuse light cord for extension wiring •in where there are insufficient

plant addition to provide facilities for the building of Universal machine gun carriers of which we have undertaken to deliver fifty a week to the Canadian government as soon as production can be started. This addition will also enable us to increase production of other types ot military vehicles. Our affiliated companies with plants in South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, India and Malaya ;; similarly engaged in Empire Beyond our manufacturing facilities we have been fortunately able to contribute skilled man power. From our
Canadian and overseas organization, engineers and men
and other lines are
rooms
outlets. The safest thing to do is to consult an expert electrician.
Before installing any exposed ex-
the electric outlet

as a Canadian in
We regard this to be our simple duty	. .
stitution, one of the industrial resources of the Dominion. The 8,400 employees in our plants as well as our widespread dealer and service organization from coast to coast are Canadian. The Company’s shareholders include a large proportion of Canadian investors. No one individual, family or company has a majority control ot
our shares.	.et c
For these reasons, aside from our deep feeling _ ot loyalty to the Empire and its high purposes, it is fitting that Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited should give whole-hearted support to the national war effort.
From the very beginning this has been Even before war was declared, in co-operation with officers of the Department of National Defence, we laid in our plant the groundwork of military production. Since conflict became a reality we have given war orders precedence over everything else. More than fifty per cent of our production is in vehicles for military use and this
percentage is increasing rapidly, the Canadian government and 25,000 for other Empire
tension wiring from which the extension wiring is to extend should be carefully inspected in order to make sure that all connections are tight and that the outlet and the house-wiring circuit to which it is connected are of sufficient capacity to carry the extra load of the extension wiring.
If all is in good order, then 5f lection of the type of extension
be made. Several types
service.
are
with special training in transport rendering valuable service.
Major adjustments in our business have been necessary through loss of export trade and because of domestic taxation. We have made these adjustments cheerfully. Our one concern now is the successful prosecution of this war so that people of all nations may again be able to work in freedom and peace. :
a
our course
w iring can tre available in which wires are completely encased in a flat rubber w. composition strip of good insulating quality which may be rigidly attached to the wall.
These strip-wiring systems all have special fittings for outlets: splices, crosses, and other connections. In order to be sure of their safety, it is advisable to purchase only materials having the inspection label of the Underwriters Laboratories and in no case to provide more than two outlets from any one extension from a built-in outlet.
or
Harland C. Rowat
Sec.-Treas
PRESIDENT
LIMITED
South Onslow Council
governments
We are constructing at our own expense a £700,000
FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF CANADA
¦**
effort, have been so far as I have been able to observe, beyond criticism.
and the Government.”
organization. They will assist us to the utmost in our war work.
July 2, 1940
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting
Ambrose Kennedy Mayor and Councillors Westbrook, Young, Clarke. S. W.
MacKechnie having previously subscribed to his oath of office took his seat.
On motion of Crs. Young Clarke, the
minutes of last meeting were confirmed Sub rc?&fi	*	pruycr
On motion of Crs Young-Westbrook,	of a thin piece of
the following bills were ordered paid	ghaped roughly like a butter-
paddle, usually four or five inches long and two inches or so wide, with a sheet of paper or vellum on one side. Printed on the paper at the top was the alphabet in large and small letters. Then followed the Lord's Prayer. This is always found on the early examples. Over the whole printed page was a thin sheet of transparent yellowish horn to keep the paper clean. Both the caper and the horn were fastened to the board by a narrow strip of metal. The handle served for holding during study and also for attaching to the child’s girdle.
Hornbooks were used to teach children their first lessons and gradually the name came to signify a
Another name them was battle-
Members present
Ancient Teaching Device Was Helpful to Students
The ancient hornbook in form is not a book, though one in name. Strictly speaking it is simply a the alphabet and numbers
*3
:
VIZ
$191 00 38 66
XV. Clarke, road list .......
VV. Draper, lambs killed.....
C. Jay, valuing lambs........
J Kilroy, road list.....
Provincial Government, indigent patients................
J. Kilroy, road list.........
V.	McBane, "	"....... .
Bristol Onslow Town Line...
N. A. Drummond, warble fly
powder . .................. 97	60
J. M. Argue, timber......	199	22
Ketchem Co., dog tags........	4	88
P. J. O’Hara, road list ........ 36	10
Basil Stanton, road list.....	131	60
Harvey Steele, cedar and work 29 00
W.	J. Fleming, board of council 5 00 Ambrose Kennedy, travelling 6 00
Athol Inglee,	road	list.....	137	25
Frank Cornu,	“	“......... 31	30
Harold Cochrane	“	“	...... 11	40
XV. Draper,	“	“........ 178	10
Frank Clark,	“	11 .......... 1	60
Victor Young,	“	“	....	113	95
A ; petition was presented by J. H. | Henderson asking that the Bristol— j Onslow Town Line be measured and equally divided between the both CounMotion by Crs. M-tcKechnie and Young, that this Council approves of this request and that miuicdiaktcs.steps
4 80
n
»
209 35
I
8 71
3 25
55 00 152 95
loads, personnel, as anti-tank gun tractors, water tank carriers, etc.; 30-cwt. four-wheel drive, used as load carriers; three-ton, four and six wheels, for heavy loads, for workshops, for wrecking equipment, etc.; four-wheel drive £un tractors used to haul artillery, as well as ambulances and regular passenger cars and station wagons specially fitted and painted for army purposes. Present schedule of deliveries of these military vehicles constitutes more than 50 per cent of the Company s production. The plant is working day and night.
Types of Motorized Vehicles for Military Use Being Made by Ford Motor Company of Canada
Women’s Auxiliary Motor Service
Early in the war the Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited, organized free training courses for women in the care and operation of motor vehicles for possible war service. 284 such classes have been conducted, with an enrollment of 7,343. The number who have completed the eight-week course is 3,4 7 3,with 2,656 now under instruction and 1,214 enrolled in new classes about to start. All instruction and equipment has been furnished by Ford dealers and the Company without charge.
V
The Company is engaged in manufacturing 35,000 motorized vehicles for Canadian and overseas governments. They indude light two-wheel drive trucks, known
which are used for carrying
child's primer, sometimes given
do re, due to the shape and to the (act that hornbooks were often used
I for playing shuttlecock.
Hornbooks came into use in the
e Sixteenth century and until the end of the They were made by
ry, stone, nd other mon they
as 8-cwt ,
light stores, personnel or wireless sets; 15-cwt. units, used to transport heavier
of
>rr.rr.on
'
od
cils
not thought worth saving
>eie
