###PAGE###1###




$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnttcdStatee
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1940
No. 3, 5bTU Year
Mr*. Stinson, hairdresser, of Renfrew, will be at the home of Mrs. James Allen, Centre Street, on Tuesday. July D Phone 7 2, or •all personally for appointments. Special prices on all permanents.
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
SliiNtiLES-Just received a new stock of cedar shingles of several
R. M Grant, Bristol.
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
rades.
one 24—5. ^
Miss Jean Kelly, of Montreal, was a recent guest of friends in town.
Mrs. A. N. Golden, of Montreal, war a wifak-end #d holiday guest of relatives in town.
Miss Rena MaeNair, of Dannville. is ft guest at the home of the Misses Turner in town.

The annual Decoration Day and Memorial Service at Norway Bay cemetery will be held Sunday afternoon, July 14th, at 2 o’clock.

Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario, school with
reputation. Open all year.
Mrs. Bert Holmes of Renfrew Beauty Salon, will be at the home of Mrs. Sam Rami I ton, Centre St., south, Shawville, each Friday. Special Permanents $1 00 and flip. Manicuring. For appointments phone 7—22.
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
Lawn SociAL-The annual Lawn Social of St. Alban’s Church, Park-man, will be held on Friday. July 5th, under the auspices of the Ladies’ Guild. Admission, 36 and 15 cents.
v
Attend a an established
Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, was a week-end and holiday guest of her daughter, Mrs. J. P. Wilson.
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
MARRIED
Lawn Social — Zion United Ohurcfi and people of the community will hold a lawn social church grounds, in aid of the Red Cross, on Thursday evening, July 4th. Shawville Boys’ Band .in attendance.
ENTERTA1NMKNT-Be sure to hear
Herbert W. Mercy, noted Canadian reciter at Bristol United church, on Wednesday and Thursday, July 3rd and 4th, at 7.80 p m. Humourous and Dramatic selections. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
Miss Cecelia Currie-Mills left this week to take special studies at Queen’s University, Kingston.
Dr. H E Dagg, of Montreal, visited his father. Mr. George T. Dagg and other relatives for the weekend.
Mr. Edward McOuat, of Lachute, former Agronomist for Pontiac is visiting friends in this district this week.
Miss Nell Imison, of Montreal, is spending a month’s vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Imison.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilmour Hod gins, of Ottawa, were week end guests at the home of Mr. Ilodgins parents at Yarn).
Mr. and Mrs Frank Mnnigan and children, ot Ottawa, visited their relatives in town and vicinity over Sunday.
Mrs. Wynn Dickson and child ren, of Montreal, are visiting at the home of her parents Mr. and Mrs. It. G. ilodgins.
Mr. Gordon Lindsay, of Toronto, late of the staff of the tiodgins Lumber Co., here, was a visitor to town during the week end.
Mr and Mrs Wallace J. Wilson, of Toronto, were guests at the home of the former’s mother. Mrs. Thus. McDowell, for the week-end.
Mr. and Mrs. Ulric Hod gins, of South Porcupine, were week-end guests at the home of the former’s parent», Mr. and Mrs R. W. Hod gin«.
Mr. and Mrs. Mel. Fleming and Miss Evelyn Dale, of Ottawa, were guests at the home of the latters’ mother, Mrs. Robt. Dale, for the holiday.
Dr. Wallace Hodgins, of Montreal, accompanied by Dr. Stanton Smaille, spent the week end at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L. Ilodgins.
Lang—Pirie
A charming wedding was solemnized on Friday afternoon, June 28th, at the home of the bride’s mother, Mrs. William Pirie, and the late Mr Pirie, at Murrell», when her daughter, Annie Ethel, became the bride of Clifford Ivan Lang, son of the late Mr. and Mrs. James Lang Litchfield.
The ceremony which took place under a bovver of roses and greenery on the lawn was performed by Rev. E. G. War ren, of Campbell s Bay.
The bride, who was given in marriage by her brother, Mr. Kenneth Pirie, wore a day time frock of Regina blue sheer with white accessories, and carried a bouquet of Talisman’s roses and baby’s breath. She was attended by her sister, Miss Helen Pirie, as bridesmaid, who wore a street-length gown of dusky rose sheer with white accessories, and carried a bouquet of Johanna Hill roses and sweet peas. Mr. Harold Hel mer, of South Porcupine, was best man.
The bride’s mother, Mrs. Wm. Pirie, wore a gown of black sheer and black accessories.
Following the ceremony a wedding breakfast was served at the home of the bride’s mother.
Mr. and Mrs. Lang left on a motor trip to Montreal and other points. On their return they will reside in South Porcupine.
Guests from a distance were Mr. and Mrs. George Hel mer and «on, Mr. and Mrs. Keats, Donald Hel-mer, all of South Porcupine ; Miss Edna Walsh, Ottawa, and Kirk Cavanagh, Schumacher.
W. E COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
on
JAMES A. MILLAR

B A.. L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon

*



*

Repair Agents For
INTERNATIONAL FARM MACHINERY
Strawberry Festival — Wes ley United Church congregation will hold their annual strawberry festival at the Oiange Hall at Charteris on Friday evening. July 5th. Supper served from 0 to 8 o’clock followed by short program.
aid of repair fund.


HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC


w
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Proceeds in Admissio n, 30 and 15 cents.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell

Shawville Women's Institute will hold their July meeting at Mrs. Ii. G. Hodgins’ cottage at Green Lake, at 2.30 o’clock Monday afternoon, July 8th. Program: Canadianization and National Events, by the convener, Mrs. A. McDowell. Hull call. A noted Canadian woman and her work, misting hostess will be Mrs. A. u. Proud foot.
*
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)


. I
As-
Summer
DONAT Le GUERRIER
y**.
L.L.B..
B. A
• e
Shawville Boys’ Band Play at Memorial Service
Shawville Boys’ Band under the leadership of Mr. Irvine Swartz, went to Rupert on Sunday afternoon to provide the music tor the annual decoration and memorial service at the Union Cemetery. Following the service refresh, ments were served at the home ot Mrs. John Rielly.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Dresses
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by(correspondence

1ÛQQGJ


R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
Many Attend Funeral ot Mrs. Robert Smart
The oldest resident of Clarendon township died on Monday in the person of Mrs Robert Smart, in her 90th year at the son, Fred Smart, at Parkman, after a long illness.
She was born in Portage du Fort in 1850, a daughter of the late John Hoare, a leading miller of those days. Her maiden name was Louisa Esther Hoare. She married iu 1875 to Robert Smart, and came to live on the Fourth Line of Clarendon, where she died.
Surviving is her only son, Fred, and her grandson, Robert, both living on the homestead.
Mrs. Smart was a leading member of the Par km an Anglican Churchlin her earlier years, being active in the womens organizations and a member of the choir. The church was built on land that was a part of her husband’s farm The funeral was held from her late home to St Paul’s Anglican Church, Shawville, where the service was conducted by the Rev f Leggett, of Portage du Fort, assisted by the Rev. T. E. R. Nurse.
The pall-bearers were :	Messrs.
Willie, Robbie and Arthur lloave. Irwin and Asa Smart, and Alton Staik.
Those from a distance attending the funeral were : —Mr., and Mrs. Ben Fyke, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hoare and Robbie, Mis. Jack Me* Cagg and daughter, Verna, Mrs. Richard Pentland, Mrs. James Vaillant, Mr*. Albert Corrigan, Dr. and Mrs. H B. Hollingsworth, all of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs. Asa Smart, Mr. and Smart, Mr. and Mrs.
Cotie, all of Renfrew. .
The floral offerings were mini erous and beautiful.
All Behind Canada
Der Noidxvesten, Winnipeg, June 19, 1940, in an editorial on Frerjch negotiation for Armistice said .
“The peoples of all races who make up Canada's population
A most enjoyable anniversary stand lit inly behind Canada. No was held at Stark’s Corners United one, either by word or deed, sho> ild
er and the singer in the evening. Lme tul On Monday evening the Y. P. U.	9
held an ice cream social in the Shawville People Apply for new hall with a large attendance English Refugee Children
A line supper was served after	e ,-------. . Ql ...
which the program was enjoyed A number of people in Shawville consisting of selection» by the are opening their homes to retiv Shawville Boys’ Band ; recitations gee children from England, and by Mrs. S. Sly. and addresses by have sent in their applications. Rev. A. F. Pokes, Rev. T A Any others interested in extend Woods, Messrs. Geo. Fades, John ing hospitality to boys and girls Tolhurst and Clarence Dean. The of the old land may receive appli chairman for the evening was Mr. cations or information by apply Hubert Elliott.	ing to Rev. A. b. Pokes.
Splendid Stock of the latest Summer Dresses
RHONE, 2-2219
t09 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
an*1
Health Conference July 8th, 9th and 10th
Pontiac County will marshall its forces to tackle the important question of health, will occur in Shawville, July 8th, 9th and 10th, in the form of a Health Institute. For several months careful plans have been made by a committee in co-operation with Ur. Janet Lang, of the Canadian Welfare Council. Mr. Neil Drummond, of the Depart ment of Agriculture has also given valuable assistance.
The purpose of the Health Institute is to bring together all the men and women in Pontiac County who are working for better health conditions. Addresses, discussions, and displays will serve to bring out all the possibilities, and all the need» of a health program.
The delegates will be billeted m various homes in Shawville, and sessions will be held morning, afternoon and evening throughout Institute. The evening ses-will be open to the public and it is to be hoped that a great many will avail themselves of the opportunity to attend the open meetings each evening.
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, CampbelFsBay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p. m.
RAYON SHEERS, SLUE LINENS,
PRINTED SILKS, CHIFFONS,
home of her
Mr. and Mrs Herb. Jessup, of North Bay, Ont., are spending a vacation at the home of Mrs. Jesup’s parents Mr. and Mrs. Sam Hen nick in town.
The event
D. J. CAMBPELL
Cool and Dainty
Styles to suit everyone
Mise Amelia Smart, who has been teaching at Granby. Que., has returned to spend the Summer vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wellington Smart.
Dr. and Mrs. Henry Argue and daughter, Miss Mary, of Mount. Forest, Ont, weie week end and holiday guests at the home of the former’s brother, Mr. J. M. Argue,
Mrs. Hugh Gallagher, formerly Miss Mable Graham, and her husband, of California, are visiting at the home of her uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Win. Graham, at El inside, and her coudn, Mr. Ja». McMillon, at Bristol.
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
was
Sizes, 38 to 44 $3.95
Sizes, 14 to 20 $2.95
Rhone 8 I,
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
Ladies’ White Shoes
Df\. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
The trend is—White with Luggars Tan trim.
Wei,have several of the best styles and patterns in
Ties, Pumps, etc. $2.95
The following teachers of this district left this week to attend Slimmer School at Macdonald College ; — Misses Dora Hanna, Ruth Stanley, Mary Brownlee, Amy Conigan, Ella Cooke, Kathleen Graham, Eileen Walsh, Emily Judd and Mr. Ben Mid I edge.
sums
white and tan
V
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Mr. John J. Moore Dios at Home in Campbell s Bay
Of course all whites are always!(]in style. /
See	_
whites in Ties, Straps, ^
Oxfords and gore effects.
C. G. I T. in Camp
Eye, Ear, Nose'Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
1 80 METCALFE STREET
About twenty five girls of the Shawville C G I T left on Tuesday to «pend a week camping at Sand Bay. A fine program has been arranged for the week with recreation, sports, hikes, swimming, Bible study, handicrafts, first aid, etc.
The leader of the group is Mrs. Alf Draper, and she is being sis ted by Mrs C. Douglas, of Ottawa, as director, and a medalist in Awimming and first-aid from Ottawa as swimming instructor.
The death occurred at hi» home Campbell’» Bay. on Sunday evening, June 30, of Mr. John J. Moore, in his 78th year Mr. Moore, who was well known and highly respected throughout the district,.had been in ill health for several years. He was the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. William Moore, pioneer settlers Prior to retiring in 1922, Mr. Moore had engaged in farming at Dunraven, Calumet Island. He was predeceased by his wife, the former Mary Ellen Prendergast, of Clarendon, about seven years a go. A son, Fred, was killed in action in the Great War, and two daughters Nettie and Edith, died about 20

our range of
at
ONT.
OTTAWA.
Mrs. Herbert Shenvuod
m
PHONE, 2--7961

i,
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
as-
$2.50
and
$1.95
)
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Anniversary Services at Starks Corners
Mens’ White Shoes

Reg. Optometrist
years ago.
Surviving are four sou, Sherwood, of Campbell s Bay ; Blake, of Detroit ; Rev. Harry, of St. Thomas, and Allan, of South Porcupine, Ont.; two daughters, Grace, residing in Toronto, and (Gladys) Mrs. James Renniek, of Bryson ; two sisters, Mrs. J. Cameron, of Eau Claire, Ont, and Miss Carrie Moore, of Campbell’s Bay, and one bi other, Adam Moore, of Campbell’s Bay.
The funeral was held from the late home on Wednesday afternoon to Campbell’s Bay United Church. Service was conducted by the Rev. E G. Warren. Interment was made at the Union cemetery.
$2.95
Special White Brogues
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins. Lt’d
ài
Quebec
Shawville
I



SHAWVILLE - QUE.
!
•0*


###PAGE###2###
fact that the only foe] supply for the world Is In North America and parts of the South American continent. “People are going to demand food whether they come here for It or *we send It to them. It has to be done and we shall hare to share the responsibility," said Dr. Christie In referring to Increased sacrifices which must be made In this country.
rest of the world starving to death/' said the college president.
agriculture disrupted
ABROAD
Pointing out that agriculture has been disrupted In Holland, Belgium, Denmark and other Invaded countries, he said the problem of food would confront every individual lu Canada and the United States In
future due to the
As Nazi Mechanized Units Entered Paris
¦ . r miiinTM<ir|i| i" iinri"H 1|||i'rill||T|]^iOllinBTll>W
Most Imports Are Licensed
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
'

.

# ¦

Canada
New British Order Hears Live Animals Only Ex


3W



caption




LESSON XIII
JONAH: THE OUTREACH OF
GOD'S LOVE
Printed Text Jonah 3:1-10; 4:10,11 Golden Text hovah." Jona^ 2:9.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time — Jonah lived during the reign of Jeroboam II, who reigned from 700 to 750 B.C.
Place — The events of the last two chapters of this book occurred at and just outside of the city of Ninevah, located on the east bank of the upper Tigris River.
In this lesson we make a study of great revivals
character of the messenger, the fundamental elements of the message, the cower with which the message is conveyed, the evidences that a people are under the conviction of sin, a true turning to God, and the ultimate abiding consequences of a revival after the particular period of preaching is over. The question might well be asked whether the revival in Jonah's day had the same fundamental elements that revival must have in our day.
2 Kings 14:25 definitely identi-fie# the prophet Jonah as an definitely identifies Jonah as an historical personage who lived shortly before the time of the prophet Amos. Jonah was a native of Gathepher in Galilee, situated Just four miles north of Nazareth. And when Jonah was first called to go to the great city of Nineveh and prophesy, the mission was so utterly distasteful to him that he fled from the presence of the Lord, took ship at Jeppa, intending to sail to Tarshish, which is probably to be identified with Tartessus in southeastern Spain. The rest of the story is familiar to everyone.
HIS SECOND COMMISSION Jonah 3:1. And the word of Jehovah came unto Jonah the second time, saying. 2. Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee, Nineveh was the last eastern capital of the Assyrian empire. Jo-roah's mission to Nineveh took place after hie wonderful deliverance.
3. So Jonah arose, and went unto Ninevah, according to the word of Jehovah. Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city, of three days' jourhey
. gan to enter into the city a day's Journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown. Jonah’s sermon was exceedingly brief, consisting of a clear, definite, easily understood announcement of the imminent destruction of the city. The sentence upon Nineveh was conditional; if the people repented, their city then , could be saved.
THE GREAT REVIVAL 5. And the people of Nineveh be lleved God; and they proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them. 6 And the tidings reached the king of Ninevah, and he arose the king of Nineveh, and he arose from him, and covered him with sackcloth and sat in ashes. 7. And he made proclamation and published throughout Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd or flock, taste anything; let them not feed, nor drink water; 8. but let them be covered with sackcloth, both man and beast, and let them cry mightily unto God; yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in his hands. 9. Who know-eth whether God will not turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?
JONAH, THE “SIGN”
The effect of the preaching of Jonah was simply phenomenal. One prophet of the true God changed a city of probably 600,000 perople, for generations worshippers of the false gods, to one crying for mercy to Jehovah. Jonah was not only a prophet delivering by word of mouth the message of destruction which God had given him, but he was a sign unto the Ninevites (Luke 11:29-32). Perhaps the amazing story of Jonah’s deliverance from death made the people of Nineveh aware of God’s wondrous way of showing his grace to the guilty who turn to him and trust him.
10. And God saw their works, that they turned from their evil way; and Gci repented of the evil which he said he would do unto them; and he did it not.
SHOULD I NOT PITY?
Jonah 4:10. And Jehovah said, Thou has had regard for the gourd for which thou has not labored, neither madest it grow came up in a night: and perished Iq a night: 11. and should not have regard for Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more than mil-acore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand; and also roach cattle? (All of Chapter 4 should be read carefully). Here we a
tude towards a city outside the covenant of the law, a city sinning against the light which Paul shows Is ev»r shining in creation. The attitude of God toward the cities of men is never that of aloofness or of

V

1
88

Trade Minister MacKinnon announced at Ottawa he had been informed by the chief Canadian trade commissioner in London that the British Board of Trade had issued an order under which all goods imported into the United Kingdom, except live quadruped animals, will be subject to import licensing.
Many classes of merchandise already were subject to Import li-under previous orders and the new order extends the control over imports. It does not affect the goods which have been sent to the United Kingdom before June and imported before August 10th.
For administration of the new order an open general license that permits importation from all the countries without the necessity of obtaining license for individual shipments, has been established for certain commodities.
OF INTEREST TO CANADA They include among others of Interest to Canada: cod liver oil; fish, fresh, other than frozen and wet salted; spirits, asbestos, raw and waste; drugs, natural, raw; fur skins, undressed; nickel ore, concentrates, residues and matter; radium ores, concentrates, residues and compounds; talc; wood tar; cadium; carbon black films
width), uuexposed, and film base; films, cinematograph, exposed, and tool handles of wood.
A further list of goods brought within the scope of open general license as regards imports from British Empire countries Includes biscuits; buttons whether finished or not; dry earth colors; raw wool.

the very near



¦
Jonah 3, 4






This Curious World ym
ePI

“Salvation la of Ja-







•on

















I
41
4
¦





'

V

cense


V




m



'











considering the


£
1

<4







jV

IN ANClCNT
ROM€L,
WHEN
THUNDER
WAS HEARD
*ov the


l








«


.A *
m

:


.


i

V
I

MEN
BELLI EVEO

»

k lv\
GODS WERE TR.VÏNG TO IMPORT TO THEM AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE.
i

1
cobalt;
cinematograph (standard
#
H
(pint
O
0)
A motorized unit of the Nazi army is shown rumbling past the Egyptian Obelisk in the Place De La Concorde in Paris, as the German military formally took possession of the French capital.— (Radio-Photo)
9 $
.V,


GEORGE. VOASH/NOTON
NEVER. WROTE HIS NAME
/A/ FUU-.
X\ N>
distance — that was the sin of Judah; that was the sin of Jonah. God cares for the suffering, the dying, the dead world. Whatever the conditions of men may be, or whatever their sin, the voice of God is
heard saying, “Should not I have
Pity?”
A wire fence extending from Calgary to Montreal - requires some effort to visualize: The pasture lands enclosed under the plans of the Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Act require that length of fence for the 1,000,000 acies included.
Farm Notes...
K ÏÏ.OU-?	cevr WATER/
I
: to the some species less than 20 per cent
SUGAR beets, botanical!/ speaking, belong ss the garden beet Although they contain 1 sugar, they furnish nearly one-half of the world’s supply of that
eommodfty.
PASTURING TIPS
According to J. C. Stecklev, director of the Western Ontario Experimental Farm, Ridgetown, good grazing land is not the only essential in turning livestock out to pasture. Water, sak and shade are just as important, the director advises.
“Water is not only the largest single constituent of all living matter, both plant and animal, but carries the nutrients from one part of the living structure tv another by holding them in solution," he explained.
“Herbivorous animals (those that live chiefly on plants) need a considerably larger amount of common salt than is supplied by their usual feeds," Mr. Steckley said.
NEXT: Da Mr &*#**$* emerge fra* the egf Im a winged dit f on?
RADIO REPORTER
By DAVE ROBBINS
BASEBALL STAR
Canadians that they share in a tradition of unconquerable courage, that has never counted odds or cost when the real test has come.
EUROPEAN ROUND-UP
Both NBC and CBS have their European correspondents on the air regularly for two 15-minute periods daily.
Recognized as the most Ingenious, best-organized radio newsgathering agency in Europe, the CBS bureau, supervised by Paul White in New York, for the past month or so has been employing eight full-time correspondents, and four etringmen, kept on tap for special assignments. From London, the bureau’s European chief, Edward Murrow, wields an efficient baton over this war-casting symphony. Columbia’s William L. Shir-er’s talks from Berlin have established him as the ablest newscaster of them all.
As opposite numbers for these CBS flashes, NBC has as its permanent staff a talented trio: Max Jordan, Fred Bate, and Paul Arch-lnard. MBS' w abroad Is doue by John Steele in London, Waverley Root in France.
4. And Jonah be-
Answer to Previous Puzzle
amazing record.
18 Herb.
20 Advertise* ment.
22 Mineral spring.
, 24 Small shield I 26 Restless
RABBIT
horizontal
1 Established baseball star 9 He is a league player
13	Aureole.
14	Aperient.
16	Sea eagles.
17	Clever.
19 Tissue.
21 Low tides.
23	Rubber tree.
24	Aui iculate.
25	Pertaining to an episode.
28 To unfold.
31	Primeval fluid.
32	Long inlets.
33	Court.
35	While.
36	Ready.
37	Robbers.
40	Full.
41	Boxes.
45 Astronomical instrument.
50 Weird.
NOTES AND NEWS
For your Sunday afternoon listening you will find few programs bettor than “Melody Time”, a feature from 1120 on the dial at 5:15.
Ricco Marcel 11, who formerly conducted the orchestra of an early Fibber McGee show known as “The House by the Side of the Road", has succeeded the late Joseph Pasternack as conductor of that excellent program Hour” — heard from NBC-CBC on Monday evenings at 10:00.
hankerings.
27 Inserts.
29	Frost bite.
30	Butter lump.
34	To capsize.
35	Hail!
37	Oak.
38	Lay church official.
39	Observes.
42	To do again.
43	CuckoopoinL
44	Prong.
46	Style.
47	Rootstock
48	Above.
49	Musical note.
51	Skillet.
52	You and I.
55	Bushel.
56	Senior.
“Swine and poultry need less salt than other livestock," Mr. Steckley said, “but it is usually advantageous to supply them with
nsrr
T
some
“The Contented
Water, Shade and Salt
Commenting on the third essential, “Shade" Mr. Steckley said; “Shade should be provided for all classes of livestock and although on mest pasture farms there are sufficient trees available to provide sufficient shade, pasture fields, where there are no shade trees, should be equipped with some cheap structure that would serve the purpose.
“Particularly, this should be done for swine pasture," Steckley said," “as the direct rays from the sun may injure young pigs permanently."
4	Systems ol doctrine.
5	Noun ending
6	Pronoun.
7	Branch.
whiskers.
54	Payment demand.
55	Denudes.
57	Wrath.
58	He is famous 8 Pierced by
horns.
9 Myself
10	Pier.
11	To scoff.
12	Helmet wreath.
15	Point.
16	He has an
About sixty years ago, concert-goers were all agog about the work of a young Russian composer Peter Tschaikowsky. Conservatives were shocked by his original style, but the sincerity and beauty of his music compelled attention that grew to world-wide admiration year, 1940, Is. the centenary of Tschaikowsky's birth — and in recognition, the composers’ series — offered by the CBC network at 10:30 each Tuesday evening — will next week feature the works of this musical genius in recital.
for making
news-casting from
59 Annals.
VERTICAL
2 Monster.
51 Church bench. 3 Forearm
bone.
This
#
“THEY SHALL NOT PASS”
British history is a proud record of victory won in the face of overwhelming odds, victory achieved by the stubborn slow strength of a people not easily or quickly roused.
The past is rich in episodes that tell the same inspiring story. And from the days when King Alfred earned his title “The Great" by turning long years of defeat into final victory, over the invading Danes — from the days when the sea-dogs of Drake smashed the towering threat of Spain’s Armada — from Trafalgar, where Nelson broke Napoleon’s naval might in the face of great odds — from earliest history to the present day, each challenge to British freedom has proved an inspiration to B I-tish courage.
Such episodes as these form the theme of the new series of dramatic features, “They Shall Not Pass”! which will be presented over the CBC s National Network rich Wednesday evening, 10:00 to 10: SO pm. KDST. They will remind

53 To cut
Mr
3
7
I
7
Sees America As Big Food Source
19
One of the best bands on the air lanes for our money is Dick Gas-parre’s Music Makers. They are featured from WABC on Thursday nights at 11:00 — and worth 15 minutes of anyone's time.
s
6
Canada and United States to Supply Europe — President of O.A.C. Stresses Our Important Food Role
0
31
?
And here’s some news about the show that will take the place ot Fibber McGee and Molly at 9:30 on Tuesday nights on the CBC chain for the Summer. Meredith Willson’s Musical Revue Is the name of the presentation — and Willson Is one of the foremost flautists In the dance world. He was the lad who directed the music of the “Go:f News” show all Winter.
Meredith promisee to have a top-notch program to follow int£ the shoes of one of the best shows on the air.
2
3

The important role Canada must play in providing To: j for peoples of war-torn Europe was stressed by Dr. G. I. Christie in a recent address at Guelph, to more than 140 delegates representing business and professional women’s clubs all throughout Ontario. “We cannot expect to go on amid a surplus of foodstuffs with everything at low prices as enjoyed in Canada and the United States and have the

*
4
44
Be

54
5
POP—Well, It’s a Game Full of Fish Stories
By J. MILLAR WATT

see
WHO WA# rue
PATPgN SAtUT
FiSMERMCN ?

AM AN IAS, VASN*T IT ?
which
L L
I
i
?
> -

-w


!
I
u
»
I
i
revelation of the divine atti
«
ira
e a
<

Ilk

i
Ip)i4ÿ!it,	by TU9 Cell £
p. In
i
y
V


?
$
i
:














»



III
III
III


III


V

II
U '1 f/L U
w h H3

5


*2

SJH uurj
Qv.
E?uii
e a bgme




I ESi BuHil
BBS iiHQn
¦ auy.Cy ¦ aau
a gGE anas
###PAGE###3###
I
SCARLET FEVER PILLS
A pill which immunizes «gainst scarlet fever has been announced to the American Medical Association.
These pills are a substitute for vaccination and are taken with a drink of water.
The pills have been tried on 102 persons who took them daily for two or three weeks. Of these test cases, 94 per cent were immunized and the rest had transient scarlatine rashes.
Sees Building Boom Coming In Canada
- HAVE -YOU HEARD?
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!"
HANDY SEAL.T1GHT POUCH . 15jf
V4-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 60*
a/so packed in Pocket Tins
m

Ho was the final speaker at a banquet. Speakers before him had droned on Interminably. The audience was bored almost to tears. The toastmaster announced, “Wilton Lackaye, the famous actor, will give you his address." Lackaye rose and said, “Gentlemen, my address is the Lambs Club, New York." Then he sat down, applause was tremendous.
;
%
m

'•V
D

»
>
K
-MEASURE ULTRA-VIOLET
Northwestern University has obtained the first unit in a proposed network for measuring the intensity of the sun’s ultra-violet rays, vital to the health of people, rtees and plants.
Physicians regard the measuring experiment with keen interest because of ultra-violet rays’ wide usage in therapeutic treatment, their production of vitamin D through chemical reactions, their curative effect on rickets and their effect on living things, enabling them to assimilate chemicals for bones and teeth.
•lNII
I
«
"M

The
m
Grass silage was little used on American farms up to three years ago, but is now gaining popularity as cattle feed.
Newsprint production in Canada during April amounted to 268,947 tons compared with 251,279 tons in March.
m
The optimist's motto, de clared a psychologist, Is “You never can tell till you try." And a woman's, “You never can tell till you try It on."
KtfknA

K X

a
v
A METAL Roof 1$ FIREPROOF!

i
For five or six days he had been digging in tho garden for an airraid shelter. What with the rain and day he was not in the best of humor.
Suddenly an old friend looked the wall and said: “Hello!
Metal ha* never yet started a fire! Protect your valuable stock and crops with PEDLARIB — made in the famous Council Standard"' Brand.
"Good 1er a Lifetime — Sold wltii o 85 Yeoi Gvoromee"
PEDLARIB is stormproof and fireproof Send dimensions of your building for our Free estimait uf complete roofing job, including trimmings.
THE PEDLAR PEOPLE LIMITED
Established 1861
Head Office - Oshowa, Onf.	_
Mon treal,Ottawe,Toronto,Winnipeg,CaIgasy .Vancouver
¦

Predictions of a continued increase in the building of homes dur-dug the second half of 1940 was made recently by Edward A. t+with, Sales Manager of The Heaver Company Ltd., Thorold, Ont. Mr. Smith is shown conferring with one of his Beaver Wall Board dealers over the advertisement, “Look Forward, Canada,” which has created wide comment by its emphasis on the confidence of homeowners in the future of Canada.

%
• i

CP

l
1111
6


H:!!i
;
over
Digging for your shelter?"
“No." was the reply. “As a matter of fact, I bought a awing for the kids, and the ropes are too long.
'
IV
Ml
Swallowed Land

//
To Judge Vocal Competitions
ptD Ltm ¦ îo’süs:

•#
Since 1100 the North Sea has swallowed up nearly 2,000 square miles of land and covered 14 1 towns and villages.
M* «#»
Modern
Etiquette
COUNUISTWWO
***** »té*-
The problem of what to do while waiting in a dentist's office has been solved in London where a notice attached to an unfinished scarf reads: “If you have to wait, would you care to knit a few rows on this scarf?"
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
BY ROBERTA LEE
1.	When a man, with his wife, traveling by automobile, and
have not made hotel reservations, what should he do when he drives up to a hotel entrance?
2.	When removing the plates from the family dinner table, where should one begin?
3.	What should a woman guest wear to a morning wedding?
4.	How should a bridegroom sign the hotel regie*ef for himself and hit wife?
5.	Should the conversation be tween two persons ever be interrupted in order to introduce a third person?
(>. Would it be all right to sene buffet style on a bare table?
PHOTO FINISH!Vf.
Ill SINKS* OPPOHTI NIT Y

AGENTS WANTED________
LJG1ITXING ROD AGENT WANTed to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
are
The talkative workman was in conversation with an admiring audience in the village store. He was explaining that even in bis job, which people might think dull, there was sometimes quite a lot of excitement.
' Why i can remember once a gas explosion tore up a main street where I was working."
“And what did you do?"
“Oh. I tore up a side street."
A RE YOU INTERESTED IN MAR* in g money ? Start a business of your own at home in spare time. Valley Field Sales Company, P.O. Box 502. Toronto.________
FREE! You Can Now Own
1

complete set of beautiful silver-wave absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by. International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offrr. Six or N fht exposure films developed and printed 25c. or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlnrge-m nt in easel mount or free silver-wove. To get the best in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J , Toronto.

FARM Edï IPWENT
wanted to repres-
- The Old Reliable Fonthill
AGENTS
ent ---- .
Nurseries." Exclusive territory in town or country. Liberal terms paid weekly. Handsome free outfits. St/>ne and Wellington, Toronto.	___________
*


SPECIAL BARGAINS WHILE THEY Last — all equipment reconditioned and guaranteed. Demonstrating and Rebuilt Melotte Cream Separators: Electric Grinders: Grinders: Hammer Mills:	Let/. Roughage
Mills: Diesel Engines, all sizes; Gasoline Engines: Electric Lighting plants; Tine and Link Harrows:	Washing Machines; Coal
and Wood Stoxes; Water Pumps and Pressure Systems:	Electric
..Floor Polishers:	Aerated	Milk
Coolers; Fractional Horsepower Motors; Write me today. S. A. Lister. Stewart St.. Toronto. _______


f

4
AVIATION
URGENTLY REQUIRES TRAINED men. capable of maintaining and building aircraft. Canada's largest Aviation Training School offers courses In Flight Training. Aircraft Mechanics and Aircraft Welding which should assure intelligent. capable men of future in an Industry which will develop Indefinitely; not fade away when, the war is over. Taiok to your future. Full particulars from leavens Brothers. Barker Airport, or Island Airport, Toronto. Phone KEr.xrood 38:1.	______________
I
/
Don’t expect to keep your friends if you give them away.

TURKEYS
Û
TURKEYS? ORDER BRAY'S NOW. day-old, started, fine stock. immediate shipment. With chicks on range put. the brooder house to work with Turkeys. They'll make you that extra money.
July thicks now too)
Hatchery. 130 John N
Joggins: "flow do you get on with the boss, old man?"
Juggins: "He's about the meanest man i know."
Joggins: “How s that?"
Juggins:	He's had the legs all
sawn off the wheelbarrow so that 1 can't sit down and rest."
ARTHUR COLLING WOOD
Adjudicator, educationist, journalist who has been appointed io adjudicate the vocal competitions at the Canadian National Exhibition this year. Prof. Col-Jingwood has been widely honored by several Old Country universities and various musical organizations under Royal patronage. For twenty years he conducted i# Aberdeen (Scotland) Choral _nion and the Aberdeen Madrigal Choir. He is now Carnegie Professor at University of Saskatchewan and conductor of the Saskatoon Symphony Orchestra. During the summer months in recent years he has conducted the British Broadcasting Company’s symphony orchestra on various occasions in London.
FILMS
(Order — Bray Hamilton.
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH ORders over 2Or. Roll films developed and 8 prints 26c. Reprints 3c. The quality of our work has kept our customers across Canada satisfied for over 10 years. Starnaman Co., Weber St. E., Kitchener, Ont.
Answers
1. His wife can remain in the tmr while he goes in to investigate accommodations. 2. Begin with the hostess and proceed to her right. 3. Street clothes which are suitable for the time of year. 4. Mr. and Mrs. James R. Harris, Buffalo, N. Y. Omit the street address. 6. No; one should await a better opportunity. 6. Yes, though a cover of some kind is more attractive.
• •
TURK Et POULT*
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
IF YOU AVANT THE BEST IN TUK-kevs and at greatly reduced prices for July send for our price list, and free turkey circular, which tells you how to feed and care for turkeys. Three breeds: Mammoth broad-breasted Bronze. Rurboun Reds. AVhite Holland. All turkeys hatched from Hatchery Approved and Ontario Turkey Breeders' Association
Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario._____________
W. A.
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.
t
FURNITURE FOR SALE
?
FURNITURE BARGAINS — FREE catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-hack guarantee. Wholesale Furniture, 466 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
K
What Science! Is Doing j
BABY CHICKS
stock.
bloodtested
YOU ENOUGH PULLETS
MAV E
and Cockerels to take care of ihe coming markets? You can buy With confidence of good, quick, steady performance such July Bray breeds as New Hampshirrs. N.H. x B R Leghorns. LS. x N.H. Ro< ks. Order now. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N. Hamilton.
GROWERS. ATTENTION!
WATER WELLS
FRUIT GROWERS. GARDENERS. W rite to us for prices on your requirements of fruit and vegetable packages. The Oakville Basket Co., Limited. Oakville. Ontario.
WE GUARANTEE WATER OR NO money. We use screens in all wells where quick sand is encountered. Special plan for dug wells needing curbing, saves half. Large screens for dug well with bad quick sand. Wells drilled. Send five dollars for making tests or locating water. R. J. Ashton. Port Hope. Ont.
SALT PORK FOR NOSEBLEEDS
Dr. Alfred Jared Cone, of Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, reported last week that simple salt pork packs are “invaluable * in controlling hemomhage.
In cases of severe nosebleed, whether after operation or from disease, plugs of salt pork in the nose, said Dr. Cone, are far more effective than ordinary gauze packs.
Canadian National Railway* Revenue*
nFw LOW prices go into HF-
ftet June 17th. Grade “A" White Leghorns $7.95. 90 per cent Pullets $15.90. Cockerels $1.50: New H-mpsbires $8.45. Pullets $12.95, Cockerels $6.45. Brown Leghorns, Black Minorca*. White Minorcas. Ancona*. Hybrids. Black Minorcas x White Leghorns $8.45, Pullets $16.90. Cockerels $2.00. Barred Rocks $8.45. Pullets $12.95, Cockerel* $6 95. Rhode Island Red*. White Rocks. White Wyandotte». Light Sussex. Jersey Black Giants, Black Australorps, Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps. New Humps x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x New Hamps. White Leghorns x Barred Rocks $8.95. Pullets $13.95. Cockerels $7.95. Started chick* capons. Turkeys. All popular breeds shipped on 24 hr*, notice. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ont.
0
HAIRD RESTING
HELEN'S BEAUTY SCHOOL. Approved instruction for Beginners and Hairdressers.
MOST REASONABLE RATES NOW
So prepare for the busy Fall and Winter Season. Send for free booklet, 768 Yonge Street, TORONTO.
?? #
The gross revenue* of the all in elusive Canadian National Railways System for the week ending June-. 14th, 1944». were $6,467.110 as compared with $3.423,697 for the corresponding period of 1939, an Increase of $2,043,413 or 59.7 per cPnt.
BALTE TOPICS
f
LYONS*
11
1 »
SI NNER SALE
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
The largest assortment of high-class reconditioned furniture in the city. Every article guaranteed thoroughly clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
519.60 3-pieoe Chesterfield Suite, in figured Jacquard, reversible M r-shall spring cushions.
$7.95 Single Chesterfields In repp*, and mohair covers, ideal for summer cottages.
$22.50 Smart 3-piece m>p Chesterfield suite. Reversible Marsh til spring cushions.
$27.00 Large brown mohair Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces. Figured reversible Marshall cushion*.
$35.00 Modern 3-piece Chesterfield Suite In rust repp. Figured reversible Marshall cushions.
$19.00 Beautiful large 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in green mohair. Marshall spring cushions. Perfect.
$17.50 Solid oak dining room suite, mismatched. Buffet, table and «1 chairs.
$24.00 Fumed oak dining suite, buffet. extension table ant: 0 leather upholstered chairs.
$39.00 Solid oak dining suite, 9 pi es. buffet, extension tabic, china cabinet, and 6 leather upholstered chair*.
$59.00 Modern 9-piece oak dining suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and C leather uph wintered chairs.
$69.00 Largo dining suite in rich ;-tone walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and G leather upholstered chair*.
$89.00 Beautiful solid walnut din.ng suite (cost new approximately $225.) large buffet, extension tavie, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$129.00 Largo solid walnut din rig suit. 9 pieces, chair seats and backs upholstered in genuine leather.
$24.00 Large dresser In walnut finish. Simmons steel bed to match complete with sagless spring and new mattress.
$35.00 Complete bedroom Suite n rich w alnut finish,	r. chif-
fonier, full size bed. sagftes sprng and new mattress.
$47.00 Largo bedroom suite in two-tone walnut. Triple mirror Vanity,
< hi f fro be, full size bed. sogl as spring and new mattress.
$59.00 Factory sample bedroom suite *n bleached walnut finish, waterfall design, round Venetian mirror*. cJnsser, vanity, chiffonier and full size bed.
$16.95 Large double dour wordr.die, modern, in two-tone walnut finish.
$14.50 6 piece breakfast suite, buffet drop-leaf table and 4 chairs.
$11.60 Kitchen cabinet*. sliding porcelain top. roll fronts.
$10.60 Studio Couch make* into twin beds, spring mattress, 3 back cushions.
$12.95 Simmon* steel b«<l In walnut finish, complete with eagles* spring mid new mattress.
Huy With foe fide ere All good* sold with h poftltite tnonet -luicU itunrnntee of Mitisfac-tlna.
I
il
I
HELP WANTED — FEMALE
YOUTH
DOMINION-PROVINCIAL
Training offers free domestic service course to young women between sixteen and thirty years of age. For further information apply in writing to Supervisor. Home Service Training School. Dept, of Labor, Parliament Buildings, Toronto.
FOR MENTAL HEALTH
Dr. Horatio M. Pollock of the New York state mental hygiene department believes that there are 10 “fundamental characteristics of mental health:
“A sense of well being, keenness of observation, soundness of judgment, clearness of thought, accuracy of memory, control of emotions, stability of will, con-1 tinuity of purpose, friendliness of attitude and freedom of expression."
X
<

/
BUY QUALITY CHICKS. EASY TO raise, the stand-by of thousands of poultry-keepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches a week to take care of prompt shipment. Vigorous breeding stock. Selling Farms & Hatchery, Elmira. Ontario.______________________
MEN WANTED
NK&g PAYING GOOD income and with future possibilities. Selling Fn mi lex Products men and women all over Canada have found the secret of success. Why don't, you get in on it too? NO OBLIGATION. Ask for FREE catalogue describing 200 necessity products and plan.
PRODUCTS, 57f Sr. Clement St.. MONTREAL.
A GOOD Hi SI
Ê
X.


/
*
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
SUPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST less, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia. Ontario.

KAMI LEX

0—
m
COULD ERADICATE T. B.
M t Sir A L R E<11 1H KM ENTS
<V
¦ 1
1
m
Tuberculosis can be virtually eradicated within a generation, according to Dr. Ftoul DeKruif, famous doctor-writer, originator and operator of the “Detroit plan" for tubercular control.
In what he declared to be his first public address, Dr. DeKruif appeared before the San Francisco Tuberculosis Association, dared the city to wipe out tuberculosis and urged it to battle the white plague on the Atsis of cold cash.
LET US TXJOK AFTER YOUR MU8-|cn: requirements. Music, instruments. accessories. Broadway Music, 2375 Yonge St.. Toronto.
t r —
YOU RECEIVE THE WORTH OF your mono when you buy Johnson’s chicks. They are bred to lay and are good table fowl. Prices for June and to the. end of the season: Rock* 8 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 14 cents, cockerel* 7 cents. Leghorn* 8 cents. 90 per cent, pullet* 17 cents, cockerels 2 cents. All arc blood teeted. Rocks arc bred from O.B.S. stock. Leghorns * re the Barron strain. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per rent, with or-dfr. J. D. Johnson. Fergus. Ont.

t.
r
'
* \ z X
PERSON 4 1.
i
« 1
QUIT TO 13 A • VU. SNUFF EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials G us in meed. Advice free Bartlett's Rnx 1. Winnipeg.
\
« A


X
* X

FERTILIZER
$
%
z /
PURE. I NLEACHED HARDWOOD Ash«s fur Fertilizer. One Thousand ton. FREE CIRCULAR. Geo. Steven*. IVrerborough. Ontario.
-;V.
* \
X
f
JULY PRICES ON TOI* NOTCH Chick», all from banded bloodfost-ed stock. Standard Quality White Leghorns $6.95. 90 per rent. Bullets $13.90. Barred Rocks. Now Hamps $7.45. Bullets $10.95, Barred Rock Coclu re Is $6.90, New Hump Cocke»' Is $6.25. White Rocks. Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Humps v Barred Rocks $7.95, Pullets $11.95. Cockerels $7.90. I^trgre Fug Quality add 1c. Bigger Profit add 2c. After July 15 deduct 5tic per hundred from non-*ex<‘d and pullet chirks. Free circular. Top Notch Chickeries. Guelph. Ontario.
z
ijemuHt
PROPERTY FOR SALE
He declared that by spoil <f?tig $100,000 annually on the system which he has inaugurated and operated at Detroit for the past five year*, the city could save more than $3,000,000 annually.
He declared that Detroit by an expenditure of $500,000 ainve 1035 has recorded a saving of $1,600,000 in its care of tubercular patient.*.
HOUSE. TWO ACRES I AND. FIVE miles north Cornwall. Mrs. A*. Russell, Harrison's Corners, Ont.
G.
SALESMEN WANTED
MAKE $5.00 A DAY! SELLING Exclusive lincM of Lingerie, Dresses and Men's Wear. Highest commissions paid. Thousands of satisfied customer*. Write quickly. MORRIS TEXTILES CO., niond Building. Montreal.
AT R0CKB0TT0M PRICES
The
Dvum-
Take advantage of recent Firestone price reductions and equip your car with safe, new Firestone tires. In addition to the sensational new Champion tire, he has three kinds of lower-priced Firestone tires that are the season’s best buys. Firestones do not cost one cent more than ordinary tires and on the basis of cost per mile they are the cheapest you can own. Drive in today and save money.
Whenever you need new tires first go to your nearest Firestone Dealer. He has * tire in every price class to suit every purse ... a tire that will serve you better and save you money.
BARGAINS while they last, two week old Standard Quality Leghorn*. 90 m r cent Pullet* $17.50, Barred Rock* $10.75. Pullets $14.45. Cockerels $9.75 Big Egg Quality add one cent, three week old add three cents. Also started turkeys. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Bad* n. Ontario.
STARTED
CHICK
qi IVk ACTION HOME I IM RSE
FREE WITH EVERY STRING IX-Ktrunicnt. Send for big No. 39 catalog. IPHtruinents exchanged, repaired. Ponte Musical Co., 1431 Mansfield. Montreal.
EMALE PAIN
Guaranteed
EXTERMINATOR
Women who suffer painful. Irrtgu-lar periods with nervous, moody spells due to functional cause ¦ mould find Lydia E Ptnkham'a Vegetable Compound simply mor-vr/ou.i to relieve such distress. Pink ham's Compound Is made especially to help weak, tired women to go nulling thru difficult days. Over 1.000.000 women have reported iiins ring benefits. WELL WORTH TRYING!
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
“PBRPO" BUG KILLER — 85c. Exterminate* bedbugs, moths, cock roaches, crickets, fleas, lice, and
ticks.
At Eatons. Simpson’s. Tamblyn*. loc: 1 dealers or Dcrpo (’induct*. To-f o Ilf
tj
New
Used


%I‘F.< IAI.IZ.1NG IX It Ell I ILT MOTORS. BOW EH-V MTS. Hydraulic Hulule. W Inches,
Starters,
Mediator*
C«Immm —
Levy Auto Parte, Dept. J . Tvruato.
(.citent lor*. I'nrhurelnrs, — Exchange Sors Ice. *ui (erection or refund.
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
ISSUE 26— 40

%
###PAGE###4###
/
men and women in Canada to alleviate the sufferings of their kinsmen.
The activities of racial groups, stated Mr. Gunn, are rapidly becoming tralized under the guidance of h rench, Norwegian. Belgian and Netherlands ministers to Canada, all of whom have been active in these charitable enter
prises.
THE EQUITY
Hodgins Garage
SEED CORN
SHAWVILLE, JULY 4, 1940
cen
Principal Features of Parliament
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
Introduction of the budget and the subsequent debate have been among the principal features of Parliament during the past week. These and other actions „ j summarised as follow :
1—	Budget providing for largely increased taxation to meet war’s demands, introduced into the House of Commons by Hon. J. L. Ralston. It is now being
debated.
2—	The House of Commons and the Senate approved an address to His Majesty asking for an amendment to the British North America Act to permit the introduction of a Federal Unemployment Insurance Scheme.
3—	The Minister of Mines and Resources notified the House of Commons that detailed arrangements for the admission of refugee children into Canada had been completed. It is anticipated about 3,000 will arrive in the middle of July and 750 each five days from then up to July 25.
4—	A ship constructed under the
launched during the week
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed Corn, containing the following varieties :
Cold-Resisting Peach
Developed by Botanist
The world has a new peach tree and Dr. Andrew Fletcher Ogle, New Mexico botanist, the surprise of his life—a surprise that was 15 years in materializing.
Dr. Ogle, who is a professor in teacher education at Eastern New Mexico junior college, recently related the story of the new Giant Snowball peach which he has been developing since 1913.
The professor has been experimenting in the development of new colors and forms of tulips, dahlias and apple trees, for many years. He began the peach experiments in 1913 at his home in northern Indiana. Only one tree on the property of a neighbor, Peter Johler, had survived the hard freeze of that year and it produced a large crop of peaches.
Johler gave Dr. Ogle seeds from the tree and the professor raised 480 little trees. These he budded into his own trees and three years later was rewarded by two remarkably hardy crops—one a yellow-meated freestone	and	the	other	white-
meated.	^	-	.
Several years later Dr. Ogle sent his samples to the Stark nursery at Louisiana, Mo. The nursery, owned by Gov. Lloyd C. Stark of Missouri, analyzed	and	experimented with
Ogle's product.
The nursery notified him 15 years later that his new strain of peaches
It also sent him
royalties	on	sales	of the	Giant
Snowball peach which the nursery sold through its marketing organization.
are
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap Compton’s Early
Improved Learning, Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7,
Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
<2ars
and Trucks
Used
k
\

I
x
Prices Range From
s
Lot to Choose From
Choice
A
§
$1.30 to $1.65
N

kl

Per Bushel
war
x
program was
ft—British Supply Board commitments in respect to the capital cost of plant construction by 35 Canadian companies surpass 50,000,000 it was
announced.	. ,
6—	The Department of Munitions and Supply announced that during the week 764 contracts were awarded having a total value of $10,813,041.
7—	War contracts placed to date in Canada exceeded the total of $300,000,000 in value and passed the 20,000 mark in numbers.
8—	Work was begun on another 16 projects in connection with the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
9_The Senate concurred in the report of a special committee operation calling for the assistance and
senators in aiding the of information throughout the
One—1938-Chevrolet Coach Two—1938 -Chevrolet Sedans One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
V

<

i

THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED’D.
\

NOTICE
s
Soil Particles Graded
By Novel 'Wind' Gadget
When dust storms of 1934 and 1938 darkened the sky from the Southwest to the Atlantic ocean the grit that settled at Cincinnati was finer than the particles dropped at Kansas City, and dust deposits at Washington, New York and Boston were progressively finer. A modification of what happens in a “duster" is the basis of a new device for grading soil particles developed in the soil conservation service laboratory at the California Institute of Technol-
.T. L,. HUDGINS
In the Estate of Alfred James Brabazon, deceased.
All persons having claims against the • estate of Alfred James Brabazon, late of Portage du Fort in the County of Pontiac, and Province of Quebec, deceased, are required t<•. send same, with particulars of security held, if.any, and verified by statutory declaration, to the undersigned on or before the 10th day of July, A.D , 1940, after which date the assets of the estate may he distributed among the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of which the undersigned shall then have notice.
Dated at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of June, 1940.
MISS MARY A. BRABAZON,
Executor Estate Alfred Janies Brabazon,
Portage du Fort, Quebec.
5
was a success
on war co
Phone 64 J.
X
activity of

agencies country on war and war work.
10—Plans were near completion for the reception of interned enemy aliens and prisoners of war sent from Great Britain, the House of Commons was informed.
11 —By order in Council the Government established “The National Labour Supply Council” to advise on matters touching labour supply for industry. The Council is to consist of five reproof industry and five of Labour with an impartial chairman appointed by the Minister.
Coffee Planting Unique
As Agricultural Process
Coffee plantations are interesting places, especially to Americans who are accustomed to seeing only American-style production of ordinary agricultural crops. L seeds are thickly sown in carefully
prepared beds, in about 40 days, showing two small
leaves
ferred to the nursery plots in rows
about a foot apart years in the nursery the plants grow
Then they are
ready for transplanting into permanent holes.
When the roots take hold firmly in their new location, the young trees are bent over and clamped to the ground by forked pins. breaks the skin or bark some eight ar ten inches from the ground, these breaks many little

ESTABLISHED 1883
<

COACH
INVALID
ogy	„	, ,
When the laboratory staff needed soil particles sorted accurately according to size it developed a simple machine that creates a gentle “duster.” The machine drops assorted sizes of sand or silt particles in suitable drawers, the coarser bits nearest the feeding hopper and the finer particles at a distance. For the most accurate sorting the staff members run the dried sand or silt through twice, first in a rough sifting by a slow breeze and second a resorting of fairly uniform material brisker but still mild draft.

Coffee
The seeds sprout
aentativea
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
The plants then are trans
Directors of Funeral Service
During two
jf
Necessity of Economy Is Impressed Upon All Taxing Bodies in Canada
Responsibility is upon all governments, Dominion, provincial anJ municipal to exercise every possible economy of the unquestioned priority of the war effort Hon. J. L. Ralston, as Minister of Finance, has emphasized.
"The drain the war effort will cause the man power, equipment and re-of the country makes it vitally imperative that governmental authorities not only dominion, but, if I may go beyond federal bounds—provincial and municipal as well— should appraise, with a sense of national responsibility, the justification for dollars proposed to be spent on normal activities”, he said. “Every such dollar must, directly or indirectly, come out of the pockets of the people. It ought almost to go without saying that to provide the
sums which must be spent by the Dominion this year for defence, the ordinary expenditures of governments— all governments—in Canada—must be decreased if they are not to restrict the amount that can be devoted to the driving task of defeating Nazism.
In the federal field I have had the effective co operation of my colleagues and their department officers in achieving the economies I have reported. The premiers 01 proviciai treasurers of several of the provinces have discussed this problem with me, and I bave also had the opportunity of confcring with a number, at least, of the mayors of our cities and towns on the same subject. The attitude of them all was so instantly and definitely co-operative as to convince me that all that is necessary is that the position be well understood, to make certain that the response of all governmental authorities will be just as unhesitating and just as reassuring”.
c
about two feet
Shawville, Que.
Public Notice
Phone 83
Public Notice is hereby given that there will he held in Hynes’ Hall on Monday, July 8th, at ten o’clock of the morning, a meeting of all property hold of the amalgamated School Board of Shawville and Clarendon, to proceed with the nomination of a School Com-
the room and stead of
in a _
The sorting machine is a bellmouthed wind tunnel about 15 feet long with a grating as a floor to let the sorted material drop into the collecting drawers below electric fan draws air through the tunnel at not more than 2Vi feet a second, less than two miles an hour.
Dry sand and silt is fed in a thin sheet from a hopper on top of the tunnel. Larger particles drop almost vertically. The finer the sand or silt particles the farther they are carried by the breeze. Particles of equal size drop at equal distances from the feeding apparatus. Walls of the tunnel are made as smooth as possible to prevent eddies, but there is some difference in the air action near the walls, so the drawers have partitions at each end and this material is rejected. What drops in the central compartment is graded more accurately than is possible with fine sieves. The machine will handle from 60 to 100 pounds
This
in view
Letters to
era
Pay Roll in Forests
A few towns and cities have had | f|g RgQ GPOSS long and satisfactory experience with community forests. Others are starting forests, often to protect the water supply. A well-managed community forest serves as a demonstration of good forestry practice to We acknowledge with many thanks owners o. near y woo an or your large shipment of knitted articles,
mmw^m
$50,000 annually, if each farmer’s l|nn,i ir,n‘ average income from woodlands were increased $50 a year through better forest management. This would have essentially the same effect on business as though an industry were started that would provide a pay roll of $50,000 a year.”
From
sprouts shoot upward. As soon the healthy .ones can be distinguished they are pruned down to four. This process makes for bushy
as
on
A small
missioned in Commissioner Walsh, whose term of office expires.
Should there be more than one name on the nomination papeis at the hour of eleven o’clock, an election will take place, in the same hall, the following Monday, J.Jy 15tb, starting at eight o’clock, and continuing to six o’clock.
Given at Shawville, Que, this 24th day of June, 1940.
sources
Rev. T. E R. Nurse, Shawville, Que.
Dear Mr. Nurse :
trees.
About five years later the trees ready to produce. In the mean the soil must be kept clean
are
time . _	.
and the shade trees at a correct
foliage density. The grown coffee
tree is about eight feet high, and
will last 30 to 40 years if cared for
properly. All soil maintenance is
by hand with hoes and machetes.
Plows are taboo because they aid
soil erosion.
The*coffee bean when ripe is red, and if of good grade half an inch
The trees resemble
(
JOHN A DEAN,
•Secretary-Treasurer
enormous
Yours faithfully.
Mrs. A. D. Watson, Chairman, Out of Town Supply Committee
Fire-Fighting Chemical
Used in Killing Insects
Methyl bromide, sometimes used as a fire extinguisher, is proving even more useful as an insect “extinguisher” or fumigant, as it will in many cases kill insects without injuring the plants upon which the insects are feeding.
Entomologists of the United States department of agriculture arc working with this fumigant to determine the time and temperature most of-fective for treatment to kill insects without injury to plants.
Methyl bromide is used—in control of the Japanese beetle—in the
in diameter cherry trees in good seasons
Also the following :
On behalf of the Ottawa Red Cross I wish you would convey our thanks to your workers for their splendid donation of beautifully made pyjamas.
We appreciate very much your co operation with us in our war work.
Yours truly,
Ishbbl Currier Hon Secretary.
Submarine Disaster
While en route to Baltimore from Boston on a 72-hour endurance run the U. S. submarine S-5 sank while making a cra-sh dive off the Delaware capes on September 1, 1920.
™g6 mddTrY/buUaSto straighten Doodling - drawing without any
above water The crew then drilled ant superintendent at Boston State fumigation of fruits and vegetables small hole in the stern through hospital.	i from within quarantined areas. It
whmh thev massed a rod flying an Since 1934 mental patients at the j also has been found particularly use-article of' clothing by means' of hospital have been allowed to draw j fu] for treating potted plants and
liSill IHfif ÜH irigis
The war chanties drive in Canada.» stern ° >f the s ;ubm a r ine, pleasing Us P^c trea(me Dr shube says, are mjured by this treatment; oth- But now they're considering all
IJÉEE Siiii mm
mmmimm üg c Beh
Strong U gXÜ, 0,'shZ LlU :	“ “»
sent the number of registrations soaring serving a five-year sentence for he can tell whether artists were when sweetpotatoes are treated di-the hundred» This initial drive complicity in a daring holdup. At sane when they painted pictures for rect from storage in the winter they wm aiven added impetus when Norway his trial he was branded as a Judas museums.	„ may break down into watery, worth-
z&rz ss:;':*:	:azczn,%
descent	-	- an(j lje]p bring the others to a detective. This so artists were insane. And when sur- then treated with gas at high tem-
» “ ... ,lf	to their preyed on his mind after this con- j reaijsls are mentioned. Shube re- oeratures the potatoes endure a fair-
!^?t»^m,ntrvn.en oversea*	viction that he asked the jail of- marks;	‘ly high concentration of gas, and
The IhiK to France brought , day until he could stand it no . Amentia praecox or psycho-neuro- I reated roots.
renewed vigour to the efforts of French l8BSer'	.—- &£* ¦ *'
an hour
Teaching Foreign Languages
Women arc superior to men in teaching foreign languages to beginners, according to a study entitled “Fragments From Isabel,” issued by the Columbia University Press. Women generally speak much faster than men and if one can understand the average woman talking at her natural speed, it will be easy to understand any male speaker later on, it is pointed out.
Drawing ‘Without Plan’
Aids Mental Treatment
I
CARD OF THANKS
Word * can never
quite express sufficiently our deep felt gratitude for the many act« of kindness, words of consomment, and flora! contributions bestowed on us by our many friends, neighbours, relatives, staff of the hospital and doctors, during the illness and sad bereavement of our kving husband and father.
a
When Roll Was Called
ago citizens of
“the
Mrs Thoh. Wall, and Family
.
Wilson’s Garage
?
7
The Same Reliable Service
1
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
Sprinting Pig
Perhaps looking forward to the day when a fleet foot might save him from the slaughter house, a baby p;g at Wilton, N H., tries his luck at outdistancing automobiles. The pig races a car going in one direction, but reverses its track when it meets one traveling the other way,
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
were
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
###PAGE###5###
V
7
Bicycle Agency
Service Announcement I Pequegnaf, Dora Smyth, Eihel Young. •	____ I Over 60 per cent.—Doreen Hodgins.
Grade 3
The Equity
I wish to announce that I have received the agency for C.C.M.
to
repairs, and
Shawvillb Unitrd Church Rev A. F. Forks B. A., B.D. Pastor| Over 00 percent
Margaret Smith.
James Canty, Sterling Hobbs, Marilyn Hodgins, Dalton McKay, Phyllis Smart. Over 70 per cent.— Clifton Campbell, 3.00 p.m.—Service at Starks Corners I Beverley Corrigan, Ada Horner, Clayton
La framboise, Robert Spence, Over 60 Irene Allen, Ralph Lathem, Earl Young.
Grade 2
Furniture Department
Special July Sale of Mattress
— Beverley Bailey, Over 80 per cent. —
established 1883
PUBLIHHKD HVRRY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
Bicycles and am in a do do all kinds of Bicycle re string tennis racquets, general repair work, at reasonable prices.
New Bicycles from $32.50 to $38,75.
HERB SPERBERG,
Sunday, July 7 11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.50 To United States
The Pastor will preach at these services
Evening Service at Shawville is with drawn.
Eclipse Mattress, Sizes 39, 48, 54,
Made with all Sanitary New Material.
Simmons Special Sundown Mattress
^	Sizes 39, 48 and 54 inches
Simmons Challenge Mattress Simmons White Swan Mattress Simmons Mount Royal Mattress Special Canadian Mattress, Encased in
Finest Quality Sanitary Layer Felt, Inner Spring, Sizes 39, 48 and 54 inches
The Royal Canadian Inner Spring Mattress, Special
Simmons Inner Spring Mattress
.... 2.00
Ring Street, Shawville, Que,
• #
$6.25
Norah Bailey, Wesley Boston, Beulah Cotie, Claire Harris, Fay Ilodgins, Robert Horner, Joan Macfarlane, Charles McDowell, Joan Nurse, Edgar Schwartz, Wayne Telford. Over 80 per cent.— Dorah Angus, Lois Barber, Joseph Belsher, Lola Murray, Roberta Taber. Over 70 per cent. — Marlene Howard
All arrears must he paid in full before any paper la discontinued
Bristol United Church Rev. C. Armatrono-Salbh, B, D. Sunday, Ju’y 7
Sunday School 10.00 Seivice at
Sunday School Service at
W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Cemetery Donations Acknowledged
$6.95
$8.50
$8.50
$11.50
St. Andrews,
Buying Reflects Jobs
! "Every time an unemployed man gets a job, every farmer in America ought to yell hallelujah 1 That’s the real answer to many of his surplus problems/1 ' ?ald Milo Perkins in summing up comment on the food stamp plan in a recent address before the National Farm institute. Mr. Perkins administers this plan. "We look upon the stamp plan,” he said, "as a necessary stop-gap measure during this difficult period when we are trying to find ways to put Idle capital to work so that idle men can get jobs. There are three figures that I hope will stick in your minds. The man getting public assistance has to live on about five cents a meal. If he's lucky enough to live in a town where the stamp plan is operating, he lives on Vk cents a meal. When it’s possible for him to get off relief and get a good job at good wages he spends 12
cents a meal.”
11.00
The Treasurer of the Cemetery Committee, Dr. D. J. Campbell, acknowledges with thanks the following donations :
Shawville Women’s Institute..
Estate of Mrs. George Findlay, donated by G. A. Howard
Miss Sarah Brown ..............
Mrs. Florence M. Halkett .. .
Mrs. Lillian Walters, Cobbles-
Kill, N. Y................
W. S. Hodgins, Domremy, Sask.
G. A. Howard, .................
Mrs, Wm. Horsfield,............
2.00
Knox
3.00
Grade 1
Austin,	Sunday School 10.301 Qver go per cent.—Vaughan Harris,
Service at Austin for July and	Carson Hodgins, Daune Hodgins, Fay
August only 8.00 [£ornerf Eleanor Howard, Marshallene Sermon Subject — “Seeing your^ way Howard, Mary McDowell, Stella Me through by going to church.’ | Gregor, Kathleen Riley, Muriel Riley,
Marion Schwartz, Joan Stark, Janice Thomson, Catherine Weaver.— Over 80 per cent.— Willis Boston, Winnifred Fraser, Kenneth Sheppard, Joan Smart, Sherwood Storey, Over 70 per cent.— Donald Hodgins, Morris Fleury. Over 60 per cent.—Harold Kifkham.
$10 00
c
10 00
I 00
$14.50
3 00
\
ANGLICAN Sunday, July 7 St. Paul’s
8 00 a m.—Holy Commmunion
10.00	a m —Sunday School
11.00	a m. —Holy Communion 7 30 pm.—Evening Prayer
St. Lull’s
1.30 p m.—Sunday School
2.00	p.m. —Holy Communion
Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
2 00
2 00
$15.75 |

2 00
%
&
2 00


<•/
aaQQnBBBQQQnnBDfc
*
:
I The Hodgins Lumber Go.



tivys.


- '.
|> ^ w .



"X

S

cedar shingles
ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
ft
a
Hedge Aids Home Appearance
The privacy and frequently the appearance of a home may be improved by a wall or fence along the lot lines or by a hedge. This improvement is relatively inexpensive. The kind of enclosure used be determined by the type of architecture of the house. Colonial cottages and frame houses in general call for a white picket fence or neatly clipped hedge. The fences be selected from many styles from the least expensive
Pulpwoad Wanted
X
X
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
5
;
f
x

can

Phone 76

may ranging
type of plain flat palings to the more ornate style with rounded pickets and fanlight gate. Brick dwellings of Georgian architecture are best framed by masonry walls. These may be any height desired, according to conditions. Spanish or Mediterranean homes are best complemented by a stucco wall, although hedges of various types are used effectively. \
E Shawville High School Results, June, 1940
s Phone 27
>->

6
| THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY §
Names of the successful pupils alphabetically arranged according to per cents.
f
x
X
Quebec
Shawville,
$14.85
$19.95
$22.50
$25.00
$30.00
$39.50
Health Rest Slumber Deep Slumber King Deep Sleep Ostermoor Beauty Rest
X
Grade 9
x
Grace Fletcher,
Over 80 per cent
Un Reid, (Cameron Rowat 85 per cent.)
Over 70 per cent—Uurquart Campbell,
Eleanor Chant, Isabel Currie-Mills, «J3QJSËJ Claire Draper, Mary Griffin, Ella How- ¦ ard, Reta McKay, Isabel Smart, Kingsley Smyth, Mabel Tugman. Over 60 per cent.—Eileen Campbell, Clarence Dagg, Gerald Dagg, Lila Dagg, Margaret Hanna, Jean Judd, Jean McDowell,
Lillis Tipping, Mayburn Walsh. Over 50 per cent—Elsie Hodgins.
(Veronica Griffin over 70 per cent.)
Grade 8
Over 90 per cent.—Lois Hamilton.
Over 80 per cent — Alvin Belsher,
Everett McDowell, William McDowell,
Jean Smith, Gladys Telford. Over 70 per cent.—Irene Armstrong, Shirley Armstrong, Reta Carson, Jean Draper,
Betty Hodgins, Doreen Walsh, Douglas Wickens, Laura Woodley. Over 60 per cent.—Horace Armitage, Pansy Campbell, Eleanor Hodgins, Benny Killoran,
Rachel Laframboise, Roland Rennick,
Billy Smiley, Osborn Smith, Ell wood Storey, Mona Tracy.
Grade 7
Over 80 per cent.— Alicia Hoare.
Ruth Hodgins, Buddy Rowat, Lionel ; Storey. Over 70 per cent.—I va Hobbs,
Joan Hodgins, Margaret Horner, Betty Pt quegnat, Shirley Sly, Dorothy Smith,
! Eleanor Turrieff. Over 60 per cent.—
' Isabel Corrigan, Joan Coorigan, Shirley I Corrigan, Helen Dale, Edith Elliott,
' Grant Gibson, Muriel Harris, Dorothy Hobbs, Bel va Hodgins, Lois Hodgins,
Irtne Howard, Ronald McCredie, Eldon McDowell. Cecil McTiernao, Jean Smith, Jean Young.
Of the pupils who wrote Examinations for Entrance to Shawville High School, the following were successful.
Over 80 percent. — Edna M alette.
Over 70 per cent. — E'eanor Farrell,
Melba McCagg, Ebert Thomas, (Margaret Wickens 79 per cent). Over 60 percent.—Anita Baiber, Douglas Vamp-1,ell, Florian Dab ms, Clayton Eliott,
Leuella Emerson, Billy Horner, Leona Horner, Lns'ie Vaughn, Genevieve Wall,
Kenneth Wilson.
tiltiJCiJtiJGiJGilGij
Over-Size Cartons
The new food, drug, and cosmetics act should result in considerable conservation of cardboard that has been misused in over-size cartons and containers. One of the commonest examples of this form of deception has been 10-cent tubes of tooth paste, sold singly in cartons large enough so that two tubes would have space to rattle around in one of the boxes. Other examples of similar frauds are face creams packed in opaque glass jars that allowed for more glass than cream, and ground spices sold in sifter-top boxes with not much more than enough spice to cover the bottom of the can. Under the new law the deceptive containers will have to be changed to bear some reasonable relation to the contents. As current stocks are sold out, they will have to be replaced with products in containers less deceptive \o the eye.
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Simmons Sliding Couches
For your home or Summer Cottage $12.50
Couch Covers
Good Quality Mattress and Cover	__
i
If you take Quality into consideration the prices quoted here are less than any Catalogue House.
P-U-M-P-S
$6.95
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
Call in and see
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
23c
3-	Barry Horne? Jelly, (25c value) and Plate
..	"	*•	“	“	“ Sherbet
Minute Tapioca and Tumbler
4-	Supreme Jelly and Tumbler ............
Prepared Mustard, 0 oz. Tumblers
23c
Stopping the Mails
Did you ever mail a letter and then wish you hadn’t? Don’t expect to wait at the corner box and ask the mail collector to hand it over. He won’t. The proper method is to notify the local post office, and it will take the proper steps, even intercept the letter at the railroad station. In New York, such crises are referred to the Classification section, which gets from one to five requests a day to intercept letters. It usually overtakes the letter at the main post office or at tne railroad station way out of town, the sender must pay for a telegram to the post office at the destination.
15c
44
it
LESLIE DALE
1-
25c
10c
14c
Quebec
IS
;>	Shawville,
10
17c
24
it
si
4 4
99c
gallons
4»
41
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
If it already is on its ^
• §
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

yl

I I



Shipbuilding Speeded
Construction of Canada’s 92 vessels for the Royal Canadian Navy is pro- j greeting with all possible speed at 16 ( points across Canada. Steam heating IS being installed in ike ships, an innovation expected to cut down colds, | Over 80 per cent.— Shirley Judd, influenza and pneumonia among the Rona Howard, Lyndon Walsh.
70 per cent.— Shirley Hodgins HHV O') per cent.—Alan Young, I va Swartz,
tions which are selling war aaviifgs	Graoe 5
certificates and war savings stamps to Over 9ft per cent.— Beverley Harris, the public. Nor is there ai y public ex- Over 80 per cent. — Desmond Hodgins, I tense involved in the woik of citizens t ?l»aire Renniek, William Thomson, v bo are organizing and sustaining these James Chant, Grace Swartz. Over 70 projects both at headquarters in Ottawa j j,er cent. — Fay McDowell, Marjorie and others throughout the Dominion. Smart, Jean Me Kay, Clarence Kilgour,
Mazie McTieraan, Milter Shore, Kmer - -n Riley,
Dale, Harland Armitage, Junior \oung Rosetta Riley.
25c
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle
17 '
25 ‘
15c
« 4
Dill Pickles,
Grade 6
Rojf G. Fraser
A.G.F. A.
17c
4 4
Tomato Catsup,
Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 28
Over
Over
10c
oz can
Gifts, Novelties
Flowers
crews.
Work Without Pay
25c
Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar.....
Plum Jam, per jar....................
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg..
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound......
Black Tea, bulk, per pound...........
Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin .............
G M. Peanut Butter, 20 oz ice box jar
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
FILMS
25c
Phone 160
i.
Sc
7
39c
ALL SIZES
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
60c
t
25c
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
GUARANTEED
s
25c
War Vehicle Purchases
Answering a question in the House of Commons, Hon. C D. Howe sai l th»* value of war equipment purchased from companies mentioned up to April 10th, 1940, was as follows : Ford Motor Co
Ltd » Windsor. Ont,
*765,562 ; General Motors Products of Canada Ltd , O.-diawa, Out *272,572 ; General Motors Sales Corporation. Cleveland, U S.A. *766 52 ; Chrysler Corporation of Canada, Ltd., Windsor, Ont., *41,045.
Over 60 j*er cent — Roberta
us collect $5.00 or over phone us collect
15c
11

25
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin .......
Red & White Baking Powder per
Dates, pitted, per pound..........
Pure Lard, 2 pounds...............
Grade 4
and we shall prepay
THE CORNER STORE
— Lenore Howard, Ovei 80 per cent.
25c
tin
Over 90 per cent Raymond Rowat. HHHJ Isabel Barber, Ann Campbell, Melvin Harris. Marie Hobbs. Over 70 percent. — Harold D Howard, Erma Kelly, Robert McCredie, Elizabeth McGregor, Kenneth Murray, Betty Nurse, Ralph
of Canada
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
15c
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
23c
X 1
###PAGE###6###
<

CÂanteele* Ç
Slow Burning	A
a juicy prize
the Japanese which they might seize whenever the United States and Britain were in a position of being unable to stop them.
The French Put This German “Panzer” Wagon Out of the Running
smm
0 0TD00HS
9im


CIGARETTE PAPERS




i
%
¦
NONE fINtV MADE


4M
«s
DOUBLE «T 5
UNITED STATES: The objection in the United States to sending American troops to fight in Europe was still overwhelming last week, although the desire to do “everything short of war ' to help the Allies had been carried to fever pitch by the tragic plight of France, the frantic appeals by Paul Reynaud to President Roosevelt for aid.	„
“Hands Off!"



BY VIC BAKER


9
%
à


raised lu one district, in which the sheep aTe regarded as the best ikying class of livestock statement might be made w a number of groups of farmers in many sections or districts.
WANT SHEEP LEGISLATION
Unless something is done to les-the danger from dogs it ii certain less sheep will be raied.
Sheep raisers throughout CVuUa are urging that legislation t with the menace be consider*! as a war-time necessity by the vincial legislature3, so that :uor* sheep and wool may be prod iced.

Try Crow Pie
We’re not trying to play a joke #n you
that young crows are a delicacy in the Old Country and are becoming popular as a dish here in Canada. We are told that they are to popular in Great Britain that the fish and game stores sell them regularly.
Our Ontario acquaintance reports having enjoyed a crow pie recently after a successful crow ahoot. Only the breasts are eat-to which onions and seasoning are added to make the pie filling.
And why shouldn’t crow be as good eating as chicken? They eat exactly the same food. Crow eating may be a solution to some of our food problems, with people all over the country starving and crows all around us just waiting to be shot off.
Certainly a new angle on the usefulness of the crow !


riJZ±

A similar


¦

but recently we learned







!



?
£
*



V



sen
The threat to this continent be-much more substantial,
A

coming
th U. S. Navy asked for another $4,000,000,000 for a 70 per cent boost in seapower of the fleet expansion program expected. The Senate unani-

*< '
leal

/

>ro
revision
P’S
en
was
mously adopted a resolution declaring that the United States would not recognize transfer of possessions in the Western Hemisphere from one European power to another.
As an answer to German economic activity in South American, President Roosevelt launched plans for a gigantic economic of the two American con-
?



m
Read Newspapers ;
Retain Vitality
Famous Former Yale P lessor Advises It As An Aid to Longevity

Shells from a French 75 put this armored machine-gun car of Germany’s panzer corps out of the running. The French censor withheld location, but it possibly was in the battle of France at an
early stage.
union
tinents under a $2,000,000,000 Inter-American Export Corporation. It would result, It was explained, in an almost totalitarian control over exportable surpluses of the two continents.
.
Regular reading of mwspni -r* is jtcommended by Dr. William Lyon Phelps as an aid toward long "The three cents Invested n a newspaper Is one of the g vilest aids to vitality we have famous emeritus profiteer of 2ug lleh declares.
"The paper provides us w. n in terests that will take us ourselves. The more we are Interested in things beyond oundves, the better we can combat dependency and trouble and the linger we live."
Spring Bad Time For Thin Person
life
speculation could arise. Known for certain, however, were these facts: that Britain was determined to fight on alone “until the curse of Hitler is "lifted from the brows of men" (Churchill); that Russia had gained unchallenged domination of the eastern Baltic; that Turkey, considering her pact with the Allies no longer binding, was staying out of the war unless Italy interfered actively in the eastern Mediterranean.
Betrayed?
FRANCE: The country overrun, its “greatest fortifications in the world" reduced to just so much steel and concrete, dissatisfaction grew among the French troops and people with the pro-Fascist composition of the Petain government and its refusal to transfer the fight to the colonies (cabled Helen Kirkpatrick from London). Opinion expressed in many quarters had it thta the French pepole had been betrayed, either by military or political leaders, or both.
MEDITERRANEAN:	Spain,
while reiterating its policy of non-belligerency in the war, occupied Tangier, a neutralized international zone, “to keep order"; prepared to push with renewed vigor her claims on Gibraltar and French Morocco broken off diplomatic relations with Italy ing his chops over the spoils of his six-day war with France.
Balkan Balance
BALKANS: The smaller countries of southeastern Europe were looking last week in the direction of Moscow and Ankara for some lead regarding their future joint attitude toward the war, wrote Harold G. Laycock, staff correspondent of the Christian Science Monitor, from Belgrade. Russia was seen attempting to widen her sphere of influence in the Balkans following appointment of a new Soviet minister to Rumania. The Balkan balance, observers believed, could only be maintained if Turkey and Russia could find a formula calculated to maintain peace throughout the peninsula by discouraging Italo-Hungarian attempts to fulfill their territorial aspirations by forceful methods (an Italian coup in Yugoslavia seemed in the offing).
FAR EAST: Indications that Japan might shortly take an active part in general world-wide hostilities were becoming more plentiful. At Canton, the Japanese military spokesman warned French Indo-China bluntly that if its shipments of arms and supplies to the Chinese Government did not cease, and if Indo-China refused to “reconsider herself," the Japanese Army “must undertake to wean Indo-China away from hostility toward Japan." Again, a flowery cable from Japan’s military heads, sent to Premier Mussolini, wished him overwhelming success in his European ventures. The Netherlands Indies meantime had not been forgotten by
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
7 lie's
Short, Stocky People on the Contrary Must Guard Their Sanity In Summer, Fall
Canada Becomes Armed Camp Under New Conscription Plan
Dog Menace Said Serious
it of
The slender person should bc-of mental effects of the
ware
weather in the spring, and the abort, stocky person in summer and autumn.
This was suggested to the American Medical Association in a report of the influence of the wèather on personality. The report was by Doctors William F. Petersen of the University of Illinois, Chicago, and Hans H. Reese, University of Wisconsin. WEATHER INFLUENCES PERSONALITY
The weather, they said, influences the mental balance of the mentally disturbed and the moods of normal persons. The spring, summer and fall effects am slender and stocky persons were found In studying records #f mental hospitals along with weather reports.
Weather, the doctors declared, will bring out latent hereditary tendencies. A vague mental difficulty may be changed, with a weather change, into full-fledged
mental illness.	____
BLOOD CHEMISTRY AFFECTED
They said that the weather profoundly affects human blood ehemistry. With these blood abanges go the feelings of exhilaration and buoyance or of depression. In the stocky person •a increase in blood alkalinity accompanies exhilaration.
The thin man feels blue and irritable when his alkalinity drops.
Canadian Sheep-Breeders Are Upset Over Situation — Ont. Farmer Lost 16 Head of Sheep to Dogs In One Night
cupational reasons will not be as broad as in the last war, when calling to the colors meant fulltime service for the duration of the war. Clergymen and conscientious objectors will be exempt, as will those in vital key occupations . . . Employers will be compelled to give trainees leave of absence, with part or full pay, it is expected for the instruction period . . . Men will be called up by selective draft. All males 18 to 45 will be liable, but categories will be established so that married men are not conscripted until unmarried and widowers without chil-
Nine months and ten days after Canada entered the European conflict, the Dominion Government announced plans to mobilize all human and material resources ... for the defence of Canada . . . conscripting all ablebodied men up to 45 years of age, except those needed for vital industries . . . placing all the lives and property of the people of Canada at the disposal of the Government.
A complete picture of the Canada-to-be in the next couple of months was given by H. R. Armstrong, writing in the Toronto Daily Star: “Every town and hamlet in Canada will resound to the tread of marching feet when the Dominion’s home defence forces go into training under the oompulory service plan . . Units will be trained in their own localities, in armories, rinks, auditoriums or such other buildings. Huts will be built to house them. The men will be uniformed and will train with rifles and other serv ice weapons. The whole country will be an armed encampment."
Mfa BEE HIVE
Many sheep breeders in Canada are of the opinion that it is practically impossible to raise sheep pro fitably on account of the large number of doge which are allowed to run at large. This they consider ts serious in a country that uses more wool per capita than any other country and which in war-time finds itself under the necessity of importing large quantities of wool for war contracts and for general

$
.11
m


#
i\
use
men
dren in the same age groups have been called up and other training buildings, once in use, will be utilized continuously as one group succeeds another. The government has begun a dominion-wide canvass for
National registration has to be completed first, before the various classes can be
FLOCKS MUCH REDUCED One farmer in Ontario reports losing 16 head of sheep killed by dogs in one night, another 11 head and others smaller numbers. As a result of the menace from dogs there has been a reduction of 75 per cent, in the number of sheep

\
The armories

>
4
\
1
r
instructors
. Egypt had
r*


Mussolini was lick
Aetieve
Itch Fast *N#**yW
^Scratching
For quick rtli&roro itching of ecicm». pimples, etb-leU's foot, ecâle», ecab.ca, reshcii and other externally «turd skin troubles, use world-famous, coding. •¦U-•rptic, liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Greece, stain lee. Soothes irritation and quickly stone i ntense
called up . .
At the same time that he announced the institution of conscription, Prime Minister Mackenzie King told, the House of Commons of the imminent reorganization of the Government; the establishment of a department of national war service to direct the mobilization of the activities of Canadians in the war effort; increased recruiting for overseas service, with Canada sending expeditionary forces to Newfoundland, Iceland, the West Indies.
Billion This Year
While the country awaited the bringing down of the Budget by Finance Minister Ralston, newly-appointed Minister of Defence, it was reported at Ottawa that more than one billion dollars would be required to finance Canada's ever-expanding war effort for the current fiscal year. This compared with $160,000,000 the Dominion spent in 1915-10, the comparable period of the Great War. In a radio speech to the country, the Finance Minister warned of the impending taxation imposts—financial experts said present taxes would have to be increased at least by one-third.
Jockeying For Position
In Europe, the situation deteriorated day by clay and hour by hour. Hitler’s victory over France was assured; a great game was beginning for strategic positions on the continent, which might put the Romc-Berin Axis in direct opposition to Russia, and find the Soviet Union attacking Germany along the entire eastern front.
Out of the welter of confusion and disorganization, little but

t

100,000 Full-Time Soldiers
Continuing: “There are now
66.000	men of the C. A. S. F. in Canada and 70,000 more are being recruited as rapidly as possible. The government plans to •end the second division of 25,000 to 30,000 men to England to aid the mother country. That will leave more than 100,000 fulltime soldiers—infantry, machine-gun battalions, artillery and tank corps—in Canada for home defence, in addition to such units of the navy and air force as remain in and near the Dominion.
“Besides that, 40 infantry battalions of the non-permanent militia will be recruited to nearly full strength, to be on call in an emergency. This will give Canada a reserve of 25,000 to 35,000 more for home defence
130.000	men, aside from the new home defence army authorized by the legislation for conscription of manpower and wealth.
Manpower And Wealth
“It is planned to complete the C. A. S. F. and militia recruiting campaign before the end of this summer. After that, likely in the fall, the additional home defence forces will be raised by compulsory service. So it is likely the “new army" will begin its training in winter quarters will be called from their jobs for the training period, and return to them when it is over, taking their uniforms home with them. . . . Because training will require only a few weeks, exemptions for oc-
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Cardening

i
see#
/
\
U
I
For Very Sunny Spots

/
• V

ts
%
For a place where the sun ahinea practically all day, there are three outstanding flowering plants ; geraniums, French marigolds and petunias. Of the form-little	need	be said	excepting
that the	colors	range from	white
through	pink,	salmon	and	red.
Attractive color combinations are possible—for instance, a planting #f salmon geraniums in front of which are cascades of balcony petunias of the same shade intermingled	with	others	in	corn-
flower blue and silvery lilac. Those who prefer high color might choose red geraniums to go with petunias of velvety texture in purple and violet. This scheme would be effective only if the background were quiet and har-

//

(

57
f.
f.
y





around

<
£
I

—9

o
9


4
menions
IN WINDOW BOXES
Dwarf French marigolds do extremely well in the window box. Hiey are to be had in single and •emi-double forms in red, canary, orange, garnet, brown and combinations of these colors, but the clear shades are most effective from a distance. The leaves, lacy and graceful, are a rich green, and the plants go right on blooming from summer to frost.
Morning-glories grow happily in a sunny window. There they will make pleasant flower patterns wherever they are given a bit of string on which to twine themselves. The variety Heavenly Blue is still unsurpassed, and ft comes is an early flowering form, èlark’s Heavenly Blue.
In all the tree planting projects that are being carried out it is well to remember that there are weed trees that are to be avoided. Manitoba maple and Carolina poplar make quicker growth than most other trees and will spread to fence corners and fields where they become peste.
Men
*
1
z

* *
It’s good—but it isn’t ss funny es your old ont
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Outside Information.
don't bother, mother, f
, JUST TELL THE *—
PAINTER X r
I OIDN' know there was a m
ksa LADDER THERE AN WE f k* KNOCKED IT DOWN *
>111 AN'...:..'





-ff

>
>
¥
9
BUT HE
KNOW'S
ABOUT n> MOM / 4
-r*
Pi

1


l

X

1
CZ
»
m
t>c
1 l
rrf i

51|i|«S

• t

(
m?

z
OS
n A
6
MÉ
y
Vpl


H
l

m
ai
ï

V
o

x 5*a
J
v

P)

###PAGE###7###

:
T
nuts. Drop by spoonful on » l tered baking dish. Bake in moderate oven about 12 minutes.
Oatmeal Cookies
2 cups rolled oats
1	tup sugar
% cup shortening % cup milk Vt teaspoon soda % teaspoon nutmeg % teaspoon salt
2	cups pastry flour Vt teaspoon vanilla
Cream together rolled oats,
Add milk
t
T
Be Careful What You Write, Girls
«1»
TRY IT THE "SALADA" WAV
Infuse 6 heaping teaspoons of Selada Black Tea in a pint of fresh, boiling water, After 6 minutes strain liquid into 2-quart container, while hot, add 1 to 1 % cups of wear end juice of 2 lemons, strained, stir until sugar is dissolved; fill container with cold water. Do not allow tee to cool before adding cold water or liquid will become cloudy. Serve with chipped ice. The above makes 7 tall glasses.
A
A
L
B
You Never Know Under Just What Circumstances Your Letter Will Be Delivered Or Who May Chance to Read It
K
L
y
S

E
ff
%
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Letter writing la an art that has been sadly neglected, in this modern age of telephones and telegrams and automobiles, says Mai* garet Currie in the Montreal Star. It's so much easier to call up rather than to write the graceful little note; or to hop into the car to
or to send a


A
SUMMER BEVERAGES AND SMALL CAKES
As summer is arriving most of us are making an inventory of \ "i and ideas for bev* and the small cake and
shortening and sugar gradually and continue beating until creamy. Sift dry ingredients together and add to first mixture. Add vanilla. Chill and roll thin. Cut ia desired shape and bake in moderate oven for 10 minutes.
Corn Flake Cookies
SSSEW TEA
our recipes
erages	, J ,
cookie, that we may be ready for
the caller or visitor.
What a privilege for us to be able to have an afternoon or evening snack on the lawn or out-ofdoors somewhere or just on tho porch, enjoying it in safety in comparison with our friends over seas. No doubt our visits and conversations this year will be of a serious and anxious nature
deliver a message wire rather than a letter, but now that so many of you have husbands or sweethearts overseas, you will have to study your writing style and devise for yourself a technique that will make your letters bright and Interesting and helpful rather than irritating and depressing.
— Wrlgley’s Spearmint Cum
ie the favorite! Millions enjoy its long-lasting, genuine spearmint flavor. Healthful, delicious, refreshing! Get the good habit of enjoying it after every meat!
HILLS of DESTINY
2 egg whites % teaspoon vanilla 2 cups com flakes 1 cup sugar 1 cup shredded coconut Vs cup walnut meats Beat egg whites till quite stiff. Add sugar slowly, then vanilla, coconut and walnut meats. Stir in cornflakes and drop by teaspoonfuls on greasy cooky sheet and bake in hot oven until light brown in color.
Frosted Drop Cakes Cream % cup butter, gradually add 1 cup sugar, yolks of 2 eggs, Vt cup milk, 1% cups flour (mixed and sifted with 2 teaspoons baking powder). Fold in the stiffly beaten whites of 2 eggs, and add Vi. teaspoon vanilla. Bake 10 minutes in a moderate oven. Cover with white frosting.
Oatmeal Macaroons
Mix thoroughly together 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 well beaten 1 teaspoon vanilla, a little

by Agnes Louise Provost
YOU NEVER KNOW
Remember that you never know under what circumstances your missive may be delivered.
Don’t write letters that are too loving or that you might he ashamed to have anyone else see. Once again, that letter might go astray and fall into the wrong hands. Be discreet (and that goes for peace as well as war times).
Don’t write a letter when you’re angry or reproach him for not having written. He may have written a dozen times and what with cen-and the uncertainty of mails
very
and knitting and Red Cross sewing will be spare-time occupation, but let us be truly thankful as visit and work for our priv-
tlie stubs of Matt’s check books for the last six years.’'
Joey nodded thoughtfully. Silence fell between them again.
RATHER DISTANT
“You’re uot sore with me for trailing along this way, are you?”
“Don’t be silly.”
Virginia laughed, and shrugged as Stanley came out to where she stood on the veranda in star-light, looking across the shadowy valley.
“Well, I just wondered. You've been so quiet. Rather withdrawn, you know.’’
He bent a flushed face toward her. “You ran away from me, Vee. Don't you know that I'd follow you — anywhere?”
Ills voice had dropped to a wills-

CHAPTER VIII

\Ç£
now for
There was little time Virginia to let her thoughts dwell on Lee. She had two unannounced guests to entertain, both city dwel-of luxurious tastes. Mrs. Ar-had retired exhausted to her Virginia excused herself to

S'»
a
0*

i*
we
0*1
o+
lieges.
In these days we are thinking and are told much about nutrition and the low cost of meals, and as milk always holds an honored place on menu lists we can do no better than start our suggestions with these few hints.
Iced Chocolate Milk
Mix equal parts of chilled milk and prepared cocoa as for drinking; add a spoon of maple syrup or caramel syrup. Shake thoroughly. Add a spoon of Maple ice
iced tea or coffee

lers
cher
room
Stanley and found her.
««Darling, this is lovely! But why send word, and let me
half
I IF-
I
didn't you
meet you?
*«i wanted to surprise you, dear. -, silly notion of course." Archer returned the warm kiss and smiled wanly don't mind my bringing
but I couldn't
Some Women Help To Kill Chivalry
sors
at present, you may not have received them.
Don’t voice uncertainty as to his fidelity. If he isn’t faithful, there's nothing you can do about it; if he is, you will hurt him by the hare suggestion.
it was a
M ip
1
young hope you Stanley this way
well object when lie wanted
Rush to Open Door Before Men Even Have Chance To
very
to come/'
“Oh. no, of course not smiled brightly. She paused, and
the rest came jerkily.
“Father was going to build a new
1 came
cream in an glass. Serve with a spoon.
Or try this: place a large spoon of vanilla ice cream in an iced coffee glass, add Vi cup of milk, then pour in ginger ale to fill the glass, stirring all the while. Drink at once.
Flavor iced milk with maple with brown sugar, with chocolate peppermints.
eggs
grated nutmeg, and 2% cups oatmeal (into which has been stirred 2 Va teaspoons baking powder). Have the batter quite stiff and drop by the teaspoon on a buttered baking sheet, having them about an inch apart. Bake in a moderate oven until crisp and brown on the edges.
Virginia
AWAY FROM HOME
per
Chivalry dead? Well, it’s not dead enough to deny a man the privilege of opening a door for a lady. But often a woman makes the moment awkward for him by rushing at the door. It’s easy enough to step aside while your escort does the honors. Modern courtesy seems more and more to be fifty-fifty co-operation.
Sometimes, in turning a corner, a man walking with a woman changes position to keep on the outside of the sidewalk. There again the woman can make the shift naturally and not embarrass him by a collision.
In another second lie would be kissing her. Lee this afternoon, and Stanley this evening not stand it.
“That’s sweet of you. Stan." She moved a little just out of reach. “But don’t let’s talk about it to-
Try to put yourself in his place and to think what you would want
from home and
She could
were you away friends. You’d want to be sure that the one you loved trusted and loved you, wouldn’t you? You’d want to get letters that would buck you up and make you feel that war or this old world was still worth believing in and fighting for.
Write as much and as often as but be careful what you
ranch house as soon as back. And I never came. The plans in his d*sk still."
Archer looked frightened. She had not heard that hard sound m Virginia's voice since the first days after Matt Blair’s death.
"Oh, but you were practically on
the way home !y. “And I'm sure we shall be very
comfortable bore. Stanley lias had f his cars shipped out. Really weren't going to sell
are
Mrs
sugar, melted
Heat large chocolate mints in the upper part of the double boiler. When melted stir into milk.
night, will jour
FRIENDS FROM THE EAST For Lee, and for Joey also, the serpent had entered the garden. There were no more long rides, nor quiet evenings by Joey’s fire. Virginia rode with Stanley Bradish now, showing him over the range, taking him deep into the hills by trails that Lee had shown her. On the third day after his arrival he and Virginia went down to Saunders and came back with a long, rakish car, smoke-grey, with his monogram in scarlet on the doors. After that they were seldom home.
At the end of the third week a lot more guests arrived, friends who had stopped off on a coast to-coast trip, and lights shone and music came from the ranch house uutil far into the night A newer, life had come to the Circle
uo war
READERS. WRITE INI
Miss Chambers welcome» personal letter» from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and i# oven ready to listen to your “pet peeves." Request» for recipes or special menus are in ord Address your letters to “Misa Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."
she said soothing
you can write girls
Mint Punch
There has been a request for the mint punch of last year,—
1 cup chopped fresh mint leaves 1 cup powdered sugar % cup lemon juice 4 cups orange juice 1 quart ginger ale Crushed ice and mint sprigs Rub the mint leaves and sugar together until well mixed. Add lemon and orange juice. Allow to stand for at least 15 minutes, in a cold place, preferably longer. Strain, add the ginger ale. Pour into glasses H full of cracked ice. Garnish each glass with mint
one < if you
should Insist on your getting a new
Banning of permanent by the Tokyo gvoernmcnt has led to a type of bootlegging at the beauty parlors. Women are obtaining permanent waves through loopholes in the law and the letdown in enforcement. The ban is a part of the restriction on electrical consumption.
NEW SUN-BACK FROCK
For Summer Sun Time
B, LOUISE LENNOX
waves
r
STEPS FROM CAR FIRST When they arrive at their automobile he helps her get in ahead of him. If he is driving he opens the door on her side of the car, assiste her in, then goes to the other side to get in. If traffic is heavy and they’re in a crowded parking place, the woman should suggest that he slide under the wheel from her aide of the car before she gets in. But the man always steps from the car first so he can help the woman out
one
Virginia did not answer immel lately.
Ob. yes. i suppose I shall sell,’
It would be fool
she said slowly 1sh not to. But I’d rather not talk
about It, If you don't mind.’’
Archer flashed an alarmed
glance at her niece's face.
she said hurriedly,
it's your property and I don't want insistent, but If you delay
Life Expectancy For Quints: 47
Mrs
Of course
Judging From Insurance Statistics Their Chances Individually Are For An Age of
to seem
too long, you may lose the opportunity. Mr. Bradish Is a very gener-
but he is also very — er
gayer
C, and with one notable exception, Lee Hollister had no part in It.
The exception was the dance while the week-end guests were all there. He wore the blue serge suit i was one of the few men there not In evening clothes, but he was able to swing Virginia into a foxtrot as easily as if lie had been born to it, and later danced twice with Peggy Watrous. Peggy spec-
sprigs.
Always remember, when you wish the very simplest kind of beverages, that the simple orangeade and lemonade are always refreshing. In making orangeade, for a single glass allow Vs orange and 1 tablespoon of lemon juice sweetened to taste. Then to add variation to this you may serve plain grape juice or again a combination of orange, lemon or grapefruit. Ginger ale added to any of the above does give them zest.
Beige Is Forecast As Autumn Color

ous man
— peculiar. He may get impatient and withdraw the offer."
FAMILY PARTY?
Mrs. T. Ellison Archer's might have warmed unpleasantly if she had known that at that particular moment the young man called Lee Hollister, whom she both disliked and feared, and the little dried up prospector, whom she considered a very vulgar and obnoxious old man were discussing her affairs with considerable freedom.
“Reckon Mis’ Archer’s aimin’ to take Honey back east?" said Joey. 'Tm betting she won't, Joey.'* The old man peered at him ra-
69

The Dionne quintuplets, who celebrated their sixth birthday May 28, have an even chance, as a group, of living 47 years. Considered individually, each quint should reach the age of 69. “These figures," according to statisticians of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, “are based on average conditions of health prevailing at present in the United States."
The girls, who were puny at birth, already have surpassed the health record of many normal infants, and, as a group of five individuals, have “successfully overcome mortality risks equivalent to those which the average woman meets in the course of the first 58 years of her life."
“Now that the Canadian quintuplets are six years old," the statisticians say, “they should be guarded against accidents, which form the greatest hazard for both boys an* girls of that age." The Dionnes have already established a longevity record for quintuplets.
PARIS—Beige is widely forecast as a smart fall color. Like the greys, the beiges are undefined. The newest looking are strongly tinged with mouse; >n fact, they are often referred to as a grey. Browns are being modified in the same manner. The soft taupe or coconut browns launched by Molyneux, and some new ginger browns, tend to supplant the spice or wood tones of last season. Tawny browns are growing richer and are less metallic in tone. Alix’s “vin cuit" colors, such as sherry, old port and ' malaga, will outmode gold, copper and bronze.
ears
a
r*
#
A
(
km
la 11 zed In new men.
"I'm crazy about your handsome cowboy, Vee. I'd cut you out If I could. He is part Indian, isn't he?"
“Of course not. I>ee is—"
She hesitated, half angry, but suddenly brought up against a very blank wall. After all. who what — was Lee? A bit of human flotsam that Matt Blair had salvaged and made into a man.
"Who's an Indian? Hollister?”
The voice was Stanley's, breaking in just in time to save her from a lame reply. “Oh, yes, there is mixed blood in there, Vee. Didn't father pick him up on one of


Now for the accompaniment to the beverage, which may be just as simple as you wish, such as the plain cookie, or may run the whole gamut of small cakes to the elaborate frosted one.
Sour Cream Drop Cookies
% cup butter Vg cup sugar
1	egg
% teaspoon vanilla One-eighth teaspoon soda One-eighth teaspoon salt 1% sups flour V, cup sour cream
2	teaspoons baking powder M cup raisins
*4 cup chopped nuts Cream butter well, adding sugar gradually; add well-beaten egg, also flavoring. Mix and sift the flour, salt, baking powder and soda. Add alternately with the sour cream to butter and sugar mixture. Add raisins and chopped
/
ti
or
3310
ffi
flier shrewdly.
"Looks kinda serious, that young Bradish feller cornin' along, like it family party. It's queer how
life keeps turnin There was Milt Bradish, back in the late nineties, busted and glad to eat the grub Matt gave him, an* now Milt's a millionaire, and Matt Is the one that's down, an* Milt's hoy is out here bangin' around old Matt's girl. Funny, ain't it?”
"Very.” The voice sounded grim.
“Never did have any use for
them Archers “Too plumb full of foolishness to
live. All they think of Is money and how many yachts and butlers their friends has. It must have almost killed 'em when Honey's ma married inta the shirt sleeve set, but I took notice that when Matt was makliV a lot of money they corresponded with him pretty frequent. Can't tell me!”
The dark head turned slightly.
“They’re born grubllners, Joey, If 1 know the breed. I’d like to-see
TTfc
SIZES 12-20
?

eA

was a
folks around

Of much speaking cometh repentance, but in silence is safety.—Ancient Brahmin.
PC'

à

your
the reservations? Or was it south of the border?"
This time Virginia showed her
! don't know,” she said
A
à


#
annoyance coldly. “You’d better ask Lee
â
Joey grumbled
\
(To Be Continued)
%
Modern War Kills Poetry
»
Choosing Y our Net Curtains
Mechanized Aspect Doesn't Give Time to Develop Poetic Interest
If
%
Color Selected Depend* Location of Room
on
DIUC/OOS ;l MEALS
ANYWHER

II»
Your vacation wardrobe is not complete without a charming sun-back dress. This style has a flatteringly slim waistline, wide shoulder straps and a prettily flared skirt. Add the contrasting bolero to cover up. Ric-rac trims this dress with handy pockets and princess seaming. Wear this dress to the beach, to the country club and for week-end fun. You will go through the Summer with flying colors and get a nice, even
2%
->
«¦a
This war’s poets have not come up to the mark set by the last war, officials of the Poetry School, of London, England, say.
Nothing has yet appeared, It was
£3-
Fawn net is warming, and should be chosen for a room which only gets the morning sun.
55
ryl
ihï
68
that
.¦sSSir
m.
0
stated, to compare with the verse produced between 1914-18 by Rupert Brooke, Siegfried Sassoon, Alfred Noyes, or the Canadian poet, John MacRae. who produced the famous “In Flanders Fields.”
“War has been stripped of any glamour it had,” Mr. GkdlowAy Kyle, secretary of the Poetry Society said. “The mechanized nature Ot the armies Of today has had If* effect on the men's tiUtlookTrhj find little time for interest In poe-
wit
Gold net against a window gives a sunny, happy effect, and is particularly suitable for a room with a northerly aspect.
L
f

7


t

Kc-

%
•sis

m
KimïrtîXt ftuuat&l
srfoaysj
Grey net is particularly suitable ih places why# the sun Is b Arong, and (i b necessary lubdu* tAs gh*.
tan
Style No. 8310 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years. Size 16 requires 2% yards of 39-inch material for the dress, with 4 y aids of ric-rac; % yard for the bolero.
Send TWENTY CENTS (coin i
V#
o
cJS
»

m
of wilte
ac
•el" lam# u
Oftweat. m
Mauv# and blue net make a ro(Si look tool and should be iÇad in ^wae room# whieh get the strong, mid-day sun.
,T

r*
i
try,
Cole man
IKSTANT
GAS
STOVES
Most of the poems the society has received lately have for their central theme Hitler and the fate to which the poet would like to confine him. This is not regarded as a promising theme for enduring terse.
THIS COLORFUL RESORT
. , *m l.ake
f»2 tested recipes for meats, breads, -cookie*, etc. by Mr*. H Aitken
I
is preferred) for PATTERN, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73
famouM cooking expe Write enclosing a label from any Canada Starch product to the « .a ada Starch Home Service, Dept. D.u. 49 Wellington St. E., Toronto.
De##. W0-272 — TORONTO, ONT
2
Orange net is rather overpower-and should only be used for cold-tyoking and large rooittf, apd then only in the softer Aikdee.
awl
ASele	,	„
mla| beach aeS ell
•perla • • ,
West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write planily your Name, Address and Style Number.
Size you wish.
mg,
very
ISSUE 26—*40

la# tier it nccoinmodatlnii • < HUu . . . moled railla»» Write. THU’. Ç'HANTflOl Aerie tm haul, PU
Be sure to state
I
8
###PAGE###8###
NOTICE
Cemetery Memorials
in Granite and Marble
Look Here
who
Will the person or persons removed a step ladder from the Pontiac House shed, during the past week, kindly return it at once
ELLIOTT, Shawville, Que.
Work Supplies for
MEN
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost otc’.
Attractive New Designs
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere

O
FOR SALE-Pair of well • matched
E3
Yarm, Que. Phone, 14 3.
<
Work Shirts—fawn and blue covert cloth, sizes 144 to 17.......
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality..........
Work. Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 41.............
Work Socks
Many Cases of Cancer
Helped by Early Care
can ïe curedT/pfoDeriy^reatedln
the early stages of the disease, ac- pRESTon Houcins, R. R. No 2 Shawville. cording to Dr. Grantley W. Taylor | Phone 20 20. of Harvard Medical school.
The problem at present, he says, is to educate the public into seeking advice for symptoms which may be suggestive of cancer and to instruct the profession in early recognition of the disease and in the proper surgical and radiation treatments necessary to effect a cure.
"ilymptoms are the result of interference with normal organs and vary widely, depending on the site involved in the cancer,” Dr. Taylor said. “Surface cancers may appear as lumps, sores or abnormal bleeding from any or the orifices of the body.
“Cancers of the throat interfere with swallowing, breathing or speaking and cancer of the intestines probably would interfere with digestion.”
Dr. Taylor said the cause of cancer is not known, but that it can be
95 cts.
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Rhone, 278
$1.35
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
FOR SALE-Fiftv acres of good hay for sale on the 4th Range of Clarendon. Apply to Donald Fraher, 354 \\ averley
Street, Ottawa.
HAY ON SHARES - A quantity of good mixed hay on shares. Apply to U. J. Cutuhertson. Maryland. I hone—
i.3-9.
Several makes to
$2.95 to $5.00
Sizes
Europe, during the course of the month of July, according to an announcement in "the House ot Commons by Hon. T. A. Creran Minister of Mines and Resources. They will be placed in good Canadian homes for3the duration
the war,	,	....
Offeis to take these children in and give them a comfortable home have been pouring in to the pro vincial organizations set up for that purpose. The number or offers far exceeds the demands tor
the present time.
The children lire to be sent to Canada only with the full approval of their parents or guardians. The Dominion Government will use its medical officers and its immigration authorities overseas for examination of the children before sailing. It will take charge of their reception at Canadian ocean ports, and provide transportation and care on route to provincial distribution centres. Welfare organizations in the provinces will co-operate with the Dominion Government in their placementand after supervision.
More than half of the initial contingent of children will be placed in Ontario and Quebec, the remainder being distributed in other provinces on a pro rata population
basis.	.	,	_
A communication from the Canadian High Commissioner states that about3,000 evacuees will ar* in Canada about the middle
#
Shawville W. M. 8
75 cts.
'
for Clarendon
The W M. 8. of the Shawville United Church held their June meeting on Thursday evening in the Sunday school room, with the president, Mrs. Austin McDowell, in the chair, and Mrs. Norris Horner taking the minutes. Mrs. Thomas Shore presided over the program, which was in charge of Mrs. John Murray's group port on the recent Haby Hand meeting was given by Mrs. Gordon Paul. Mrs. 1\ J. Masson reported 23 subscribers for the Missionary Outlook, and Mrs. Shore give a report of the recent sectional meeting held at Bristol. A short temperance play wn« presented by Mrs. Shore, Mrs. E. C. Hod gins Mrs B. Barber and Mrs. Norris
Horner.	, _
Mrs. Harold Hodgtns led a discussion on the study book of Trinidad, and Rev. A. F. Pokes brief address on Temper-Mrs. A. McDowell gave n reading on Christian stewardship, and a duet was sung by Miss Kay Woodley and Mrs. A I). McCredie.
WANTED-A Cook _
Hotel ; also a girl for upstairs work. Apply at Clarendon Hotel, Shawville
Que.
25 cts.
of
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
HOUSE FOR SALE - I hare been authorized to offer for sale the double dwelling on Main Street west. Shawville. The Property of the Late James Horner. Address inquiries to G. G. McDowell. Shawville, Phone 20.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
A re-
HOUSE FOR SALE—Large well-built Brick dwelling beside Community Hospital and High School. All modern con-vcniences. Will sell with one lot only or
lots, or would exchange property. Apply to Victoria Avc., Shaw-
r>
H
m #
shown in laboratory animals “that ifor citable farm the susceptibility to cancer devel- [Henry S. Dale, opment is probably inherited.” He ville, Que.
Cecil Howard, Main Street, Shaw* | adde(j that it is well known that
cancer is not infectious or contagious and that there are no germs involved in its causation.
“The typical cancer,” he said,
localized lawless
Presentation to Newly weds
isii ### I=^ .
¦eel*
JJt Æi? and daing refS North Onslow Cemetery.	I determines the fatal outcome.”
ments were served by the ladies present.
FOR SALE-One good driving marc, age 4 years , one rubber tired buggy in good condition , also set single driving harness complete. Apply to Ferdia Laughren, Caldwell, Que. Phone 11 LV.

ga ve a a nee.
WANTED—Girl to do general house Must be able to milk. Good wages. Apply to Earl Dons, Mar) land, Que. Phone 23—6.
work.
FOR SALE-1 Underwood in good condition, will be sold cash. Apply at The Equity Office.
13
cwriter cap for
An
Over 5,000 Children Will Seek ] Refuge in Canada
FOR SALE— No. 15 DeLaval Cream
device attachment.
Separator, power ...
Geo. Meldrcm. Wyman. Phone 1-11,
ren, ---------— -n----------,
ears inclusive, will be given re
PASTURAGE FOR RENT—125 acres of good pasture, well fenced and lots of water. Apply to T. J. Kearns, Quyon, Que.
Novel Electrical Device
Finds Buried Meteors
Joseph Thompson Passes
Bristol B. B Institute
The death occurred at the home of his daughter, Mrs Alex Davis, Quyon district, un Sunday, June 20, of Mr. Joseph Thompson, of Wyman, in his 82nd
Mr. Thompson was the last member of the family of the late Mr. and Mrs. Richard Thompson, pioneer settlers of Clarendon. He engaged in farming and spent most of his life time in the township of Bristol.
He was predeceased by his wife, the former Anne McRae, of Clarendon, in October, 1939.
Surviving are two daughters, Mrs. Harry Henderson, of Du par? quet, Que., and Mrs. Davis, above mentioned.
The funeral service was held on Tuesday afternoon at the home of Mr. and M Day, of Quyon
made at Norway Bay cemetery.
The invention of a mathematics professor has brought to Ohio State university what is said to be the finest collection of meteorites in any college in the country.
The meteorites were unearthed in Texas and Arizona last summer by Prof. Lincoln LaPaz with the aid of electrical device which he had built. The instrument is .believed to be the first ever used to record the presence of magnetic and meteoric material beneath the surface of the ground.
To the geologist the few meteorites which finally reach the earth after their flaming flight through space are valuable, a pound would be considered a But with the aid of Professor
The Bristol Busy Bee Institute met at the home of Mrs. Claude Young on Friday evening, June 21st, with the president, Mrs. Earl Findlay, presiding.
Meeting opened by singing the Ode and repeating Creed. The minutes of previous meeting were read and adopted.
The treasurer reported a balance of $28.80 on hand. Not being able to obtain supplies with which to work, it was decided to purchase $10.00 worth of yarn for Red Cross purposes.
Plans were made to hold a food sale at Norway Bay early in July.
Four sick calls were reported.
A very interesting paper on “Vaccines and Serums” was read by Mrs. Chas Russell. Meeting closed by singing, “God Save the King”
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostess assisted Mrs. H.
Young and Mrs. Warren Camp- |x Ray Means Saving bell.
Cards of Thanks
5
v.
year.
The family of the late Mrs. Robert Smart wish to express their sincere thanks to neighbours and friends for
expressions of

#
X
many kindnesses and sympathy during their recent bereavement.
an
«¦urn
mi
'W
r'Vl
Modern Bandit !s 'Sissv’
To ‘Wild West’ Sheriff?
To a pair of chip-jewed sheriff of the day of ti e “hors-h&ir-trig today's gangsters and had wouldn’t rate a second ciar.ce “Bad Bills?



VS

m
3
er
One weighing
m
rru

Va\
thev’r*
Humph.
Sweet Williams.” say these two rre n whose day the usual h.stor a gun duel between tre law l outlaw was the man who was fast est with the gun.
Both former Sheriff George Tin jail and his successor Fred Thorp if Conconnully. Wash., rate as sue1 historians.
Tindall, a native of Oregon, bop' his career as an officer in i'A7 v.hc r he was a deputy sheriff and United States marshal
prize.
LaPaz’s instrument the university has increased its collection many times and it now contains a meteorite weighing 40 pounds.
The professor first became interested in meteorites while tracing their paths mathematically. From this he turned to their actual collection and the invention of a device which at last puts the search for meteorites on a scientific basis.
rs. Davis, by Rev. Mr.
Interment’txvas
h
n (
t.
uid th«
/
OUR WAR tea
;
¦
According to Col. W. A. Jones, consultant radiologist, R.C.A.M.C., X-ray examinations for all recruits in the Canadian Arm has already occasioned the hospitalization of 240 cases of tuberculosis and has brought to light many more needing medical care. Speaking of tuberculosis alone, which he poor health for called one of the most dangerous over two months, her passing “agents” in the army, Col. Jones esti-eame as a great shock to her many ma^e(j that this care li is meant tilends and relatives.
oXt: i « 'sr„r"
daughter of Mr. Derric k Ostrom tart and his late wife, Lillian Pitt.
She was married to Bryson Cochrane in 1908 and has resided in Fort Coulonge district all her life She was a member of the United Church where the funeral service conducted by Rev. L O Bunt and largely attended on Saturday afternoon.
Left to mourn her departure the husband ; font daughters.
Mrs, Bryson Cochrane
There are no spectators in
// in it.
Mrs. Brysoh Cochrane, a well-known and highly respected resident of Fort Coulonge, passed away at her home on June 19th, in her*53rd year.
Although in
#
this war... ure te a.
In irC2,‘he hecanu sheriff and that year was the begin ning of the end of horse thie*. cattle rustlers in the 1
Spanish Wild Horses
The possibility that stray horses ;rorn Coronado’s expedition stocked the western plains horses is
No freedom ... no happiness ... no contentment
until this evil
:cs arc Coneonnul!)
is possible for any one of us
, . this worship of brute force is wiped
With Spanish slight, says Prof. Arthui S Alton of the University of Mxhi
territory.
Thorp, his successor, over the Noi
that always brought in h s dead or alive.
When Tindall assumed office, th* average population </i his rogio was one person to each square mi! -a situation that mode cattle rus ?ling a profitable affair.
A conviction on a charge of c thievery was hard to obtain, old pioneers even a many juries had members- that were mixed up in the rustlings
But 10 months after election, Tin dal) had changed the situation some what. Teaming up with a fighting prosecutor. Tindall brought about conviction and prison terms for 2? men in that time—a record never equaled.
Probably the high point of the sheriff's career was the war be tween the cattlemen and sheepmen It began when Tindall aided in the arrest of one “Wild Bill" Hughes, a .reported murderer.
A deputy sheriff was shot the next night, supposedly by a friend of Hughes—and the war was on.
A verdict of suicide was returned by a coroner’s jury since no one could be found to testify. The westerners suddenly were cursed with bad memories.
And events similar to the night riders of the tobacco states began Bands of men rode the hills at night, armed with guns, knives and clubs Grazing sheep were slaughtered and sheepmen would receive matches in the mail.
The next night after the match had been delivered, hay and feed would go up in flames. It was the end of sheep raising in the region until comparatively recent timçs.
a!
k r: n v
thing .
forever from the face of the earth. Not every-
the King's uniform,
u
herd!
1 li
t
est <
potential saving of $25,000,000 for the
s enlisted since the
• i*
trans roll of the
r* ra t
nn:
re<
gan,
En g explorer's con which g
l • >
one is privileged to wear but we can all make some contribution to our
common cause. We can all buy vVAR SAVINGS
. next month . . .
This i
f )
: t H >

t
complete c s, rank, tu i animals, armor mv made on Februoiy 22
»u n \
i \
be ! oi

¦ » ,
I 1 4
i
4 !
Ol
CERTIFICATES this month . .
month, as long as the war lasts.
or
VI IV
.venpons, v
at Com cost eia is Cor


t t
x
rn
• c • f,
I «Jeâ V
every
in


<f\
H »
sorni
: t
co
IT’S THE LEAST WE CAN DO!
was


IV
: nor
» .


C \\ c (
V. i
i 4
4 t V
• x

ie
en
% *
w •
i

i > *
« 4 i
• * x

in the
ft K
d t II
(,l X 4

s U
1.01
GUTTa PEWCHA
" STiunton OF QUAUIV
tv.ee
! r
O 4.
The opportunity to bay WAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATES is the privilege of oil Canadians . . . the privilege of helping to win the war.
War Savings Certificates are sold as follows:
5 Certificate you pay $ 4
a re,
(Hazel) Mrs. Ervin Ro«s, Malartic, Que.;(Lillian) Mrs .Kllard Johncox. of Virgiuiatown, Ont, who was unable to attend the funeral ; ! Edna and Itoxey at home ; two j Stanley and Ted, of tender i and three giandcdiildren, and Billie Ross and Caroline
; )
( vécu
and m
iv r es
only two mares
is rather re* i Alton says, that the
that once West were descendants
are
US
111
! i 1 \
hi
1X
v n

if wild horses
For a $	_	_
For a	$	10	Certificate	you	pay	$ 8
For a	$	25	Certificate	you	pay	$20
For a	$	50	Certificate	you	pay	#10
For a	#100	Certificate	you	pay	$80
Bank. Post Office or other Authorized
t
cd the
horses lost from the Coronado Thu muster roll bearing this
sons, yea rs
Bryce	_ _ .
Johncox ; also her aged lather ot i Larch wood, Ont.; three sisters, j Mrs. Stewart Spinks, Davidson, ; Que.; Mrs. Win. Thurlowe, Widdi- | field, Ont., and Mrs. Wm Paul, of Ferris, Ont.; two brothers, James Ostrom, North Bay, and Robert Ostrom, Larch wood, Ont.
Floral tributes were beautiful and were received from many
friends.	.	,	,
Those attending the funeral from a distance were, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Creighton, North Bay ; Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Richardson, son John, and daughter, Mrs Bruce, of Radford ; Miss Cecelia J. Argue and Mrs. George Stewart, of Portage du Fort.
orn
jund
-vidence, with an explanatory induction, has been published by
William L Clem-

Apply at any Dealer.
War Savings Stamps cost 25c each and are sold everywhere. 16 Stamps entitle you to. one $5 Certificate. Every dollar you invest in War Savings Certificates is an investment in security ... for you .. . for your children.
Buy them regularly every month. It is your continuing responsibility.
W0«
.he university’s nts library.
x V. v:
A'
ty>e-
« »
.

Mrs James Tubman
The death occurred on Tuesday, June 25th, ot Mrs. James Tubman, at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Clem Br jwn, third line of Fitzroy township. Mrs Tubman was .5 years of age. Her husband died
in 1915.
Left to mourn are three daugh ter-, Mrs. A Clem Brown and Mrs. Wilfred Brown, of Kinburn, md Mrs. William Beck, of Greer-mount ; Edward and John, of the Shawville district, and James, in the United States ; one sister, Mrs. Wm Richardson, of Shawville.
The funeral was held Thursday from the late residence of the de. ceased to the Anglican Church at Greennonnt Interment was in parish cemetery.
T7
I

m
Serve by saving
Bu. WAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
month
fl

Death of an Infant
* On Monday morning, Marjorie, the fifteen month old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. iJoyd Murray died at the home of Mrs.
»
Laura
i
