###PAGE###1###
11.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
!
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 10:0
No 3(5. 56th Year
Cowling
Community Dance — A com inanity dunce in aid of Shawvllle Community Hospital will be held nt the Theatre Hall, Friday night, March 3rd. per person
El inside Women s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. II. I. Smith at two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, March 8th
gram— Election of officers
call —Payment of dues ; also why I am an Institute member.
BORN
PERSONAL MENTION
I
Carson — At Shaw ville Com munity Hospital on Monday. February 27th. 1V9U, to Mr. and Mi«, Crawford Carson, a son
Shawvllle Hardware
Miss Lila Hod gins, of Ottawa was a week end guest of Mis Walter Harris.
Mr. Garnet Stark, of Ottawa spent the week-end with his rein lives in town.
Mrs. A. K Richardson tawa, was a recent sister, Mrs. W. J. _
Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, was a guest of her daughter. Mis. J. P. Wilson, for the week end.
Mrs. Geo. McDowell, visited his relative*' in town and vicinity during the past week
Mr. Douglas McDowell, of Ottawa, spent Sunday with his parents, Mr. and Mis. Austin McDowell.
Business College
Admission, 85 cents
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Tt is in ess Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
the genuine
MARRIED
Pro-
Roll
Sherwin-Williams Ê W
emiiustre
f <)t
r guest of hei Rades
Hamilton—Stururon
A very pretty wedding was solemnized on Saturday afternoon at 3 30 o’clock at the homo of Mr. and Mrs. John A Sturgeon, when their only daughter, Gladys L del ta, became the bride of Mr. Samuel West burn Hamilton Pokes officiated.
The bride, wearing a becoming drees of crepe adora in model of old rose with black accessories
and carrying a boiupiet of Tali*-.	.
man roses and lily-uf the valley, | HARLAND 0. ROWAT
entered the room on the arm of her father to the strains of Lohengrin’s Wedding March, played by Mrs. Wesley Hines.
The bridesmaid. Miss Heatiice Armstrong, was attired in a Russian silk crepe dross, featuring new tucking in Queen blue, with navy accessories and carried rose carnations.
Mr Norman Reid] acted as best Mrs. Sturgeon
A Y P A To Hold Rally Service» on Sunday, March 5th
The Young People of St. Paul's church, plan to hold rally services on Sunday. March 5th. All young people in the district are invited to join with Shawvllle branch for services on that day. The hour of services will bo found elsewhere in this paper.
SATIN - ENAMEL
Rev. A. F
$1.50
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
•J#
Per
<
y r
Quart
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SH A WVILLE, QUE.
Oefice — In the G. F. Hudgins Building Main Street, Que.
Mrs. Harold Dean, of Niagara Falls arrived home last week to visit her parent», Mr and Mrs. Ed. Mee.
Heavy Snowfall
Sunday last gave this district the heaviest snowfall of the season when about eleven inches fell from about i) 30 a in. till some time after
mid night WÊÊtlÊÊÊÊÊitÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊÊ
travel were greatly delayed in making their destinations.
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
Mrs. Win Kilpati irk. of Ottawa, spent the week end at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L Hudgins.
Miss Evelyn Palmer, of Ottawa, visited her parents Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard Palmer, ovei the week end.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Those who had to
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office iSfampbell’s Hay, Que (IrPLawn Block)
¦WiPM>u<’ther of the bride, wore a navy figured sheer dress.
During the signing of the register, Mrs. Wesley Hines sang *‘0| — Youthful Hours."
Supper was served to about fifty guests. Mr-. Mary Alexander and Mrs. Janet Young, of Ottawa, poured tea.
After the ceremony the young couple left for their new home in Meyronne, Sask. The bride travelled in a navy tailored suit with accessories to match.
About seventy five young people from the surrounding district gathered at the station to congratulate the young couple and wish them a very pleasant journey.
SbAwville United W.M.S
Mrs McConnell and Mrs. Slmw of Kaznabaztia, were week end guests of Rev T. K. R and Mrs. Nurse, at the Rectory.
Mr. and Mrs. Win John Horner, have returned home after a week's visit with their daughter, Mrs. Ted McGuire, in Low, Que.
Mrs (Rev.) Cyrus Lang, Clinton, Alta., who has been visiting at the home of her parents in law, Mr. and Mrs. John Lang, at Charters, left for Montreal on Tuesday morning.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
The United W. M. S. met on Thursday evening itf the Sunday school room with Mis. C. N. Woodley in the chair. The meeting was iu charge of Mrs. K. Cotie's group. Mrs. Austin McDowell and Mrs. Alt' Diaper, delegates to the recent Presbyterial, gave excellent re ports of the gathering. 7* scriptures were read by Mrs. Walter Harris, and the offering was taken by Mrs. C. H. MacLean, Mrs. H. Spnrlberg and Mrs. Walter Haiti*. The study book discussion was led by Mrs. C fl. MacLean, and Rev. A F. Pokes closed the meeting with the benediction.
N H. DOWD
B. A. LL B . C.L.
Advocat^, Ban ister, etc.
Main Sfffï:ET
CLI
Hull, Que

Phone, Slier. 1354
LADIES’ SHOES
The
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville, Que e *»ry Friday evening.
Clearing1 Special
Straps—Ties—Outs—Oxfords—Etc.
About 100 pairs
Regular
$2.95 to $4.00
DONAT Le GUERRIER |
B. A . LL. B
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Bristol Defeat Quyon to Win Mossop Cup
Shawvllle Have Two-goal Advantage for To nights Came
5Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Shawvllle Capture Pontiac Hookey Championship Score 3 — 1 on Round
Bristol hockey team came into possession of the Mossop Cup, emblematic of the championship Of the Pontiac Intermediate League, for the first time on Saturday night at Bristol, when they defeated Quyon by 3 to 0, winning on the round by 5 to 2.__ . ¦ m -
Quyon, without a rink this winter, took the first game played on Shawvllle ice on Friday night by 3 to 2, but failed to hold the hard pressing Bristol lads in the final.
Both games were witnessed by fair sized crowds and were clean and fast all through. In the game at Shawvllle hi. Campbell, Murphy and Boland scored for Quyon and Black got both counters tor Bristol. At Bristol on Saturday night, scorers were, Black 2, Riley 1
The line ups for the final game were :
Bristol—Goal, M. Russell ; defence, U. Roy and Smiley ; centre, Johnston ; wings, Riley and Black; subs. Langford, Findlay, E. Roy. andK. Hanna.
Quyon—Goal, Smith ; defence, J Trudeau and Bronson ; centre, J. Murphy ; wings, Boland and Le nine ; subs, Boyer.
Referees—J. Pritchard, and B. Thompson, Bristol
Shawville seniors carry a two-goa I advantage over Bonnechere All-stars for tonights game (Wednesday), the result of Monday nignt’s game at Cobden when they defeated the Renfrew County sextet by 2—0, in the opening of a two game total goal series leading to the intermediate hockey title for Ottawa and district.
The game was very closely contested and it was not until 1 the final frame that the Pontiac champions gained their margin.
Owing to illness, «|Art Hayes, Shawville s regular goalie, was unable to make the trip and his position was filled by "Bob*1 Eudes, who, despite a) lay off ot several years in this line of spurt, handled the job inîft masterful style The opposing net guardian was also very brilliant.
Shawville secured their first count at the five-minute maik in the final frame, when Young registered "Casey" Hyudman s pass, and wit'll five seconds to go "Red" Dale combined with Hubert Dale for the second goal.
The team* :
Shi wville—Goal, O Eades ; defence, C H y nd man and L Dale ; centre. Red Dale ; wings. Lai#ford and H. Dale ; nib*, Young, Judd, and Clem mens.
Bonnechere— Goal, W. Mtias :
Holding Fort Coulonge to a 1—1 tie in the final play off game at the river town on Thursday night last, Shawville captured the senior hockey title of the county and the Cahill Shield fojf the second consecutive time, winning the home aud home series by 3 to
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
7
1
PLATEAU 638 8
Shawville team qnd about 130 Hupporters made the trip to Fort Coulonge by special train. The Coulonge Team made a keen hid for the title and plav throughout the entire game featured stiff checking, with Shawville adopting strict defensive tactics.
The first period went scoreless and mid-way through the second peiiod Clarence Keon, star centre-gave Coulonge then goal when he picked a loo*e puck inside the blue line stickhandled his way through* the defence and beat Ilayes with a low drive.
With slightly over a minute to go Shawville tied it up when Hubert Dale took a fast shot from the corner which went in off Shea’s skate.
Out they go at
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

$1.95

BELAIR 3257
man
D. J. CAMPBELL
T » *tf MJJJJ
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE _
NEW HOUSE
Phone 81
Wyman
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
The teams :
Shawville—Goal, Hayes; defence, Leslie Dale and C Hyndraati ; centre, Red Dale; wing*, Hubert Dale and S. Langford ; subs, K. Elliott, H. Clements, E. Judd, L. Young and W. Gibson.
Fort Coulonge— Shea ; defence, E. Davis and Barrow ; centre, La port ; wings, M. Dempsey, C. Keon ; subs. Nevcl, Ladouceur, Harrow, T Davis, Duke and Doyle.
The game was hatidled by Geo Seed, of Ottawa.
Dental Surgeon
Chris Langford Fractures Log
While Ski ing Near Pakenham I defence, A. Johnson and R. Me—	Nabb ; centre, M McNabb,; wings,
C. H. S. (Chris) Langford, mem* E Beach and C McGillis ; «mb.*, A. ber of the staff of the Bank of Johnson, J. Harr, R McCormick, Nova Scotia, Carleton Place, snf A. Briscoe and R. Forest, fered a fractured right leg below | L Robert, of Cobden, and A the knee while ski ing down a j Newton, of Shawville, were in slope at Pakenham Saturday after-1 charge of the game, noon last. His companions James Houston and Carman Munro, formed splints from his ski and cairied him about a mile through to the road where their
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 1U
At Campbell** Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
Have just arrived
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St., Hull,Que
AtPontiacHouse, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, CampbelTsBay,
every Wednesday morning.
See them
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING
Mr. W. A. Hedging Addresses Anglican Young People
The members of the Shawville branch of the A Y.P.A. at their regular meeting on Monday evening heard an address by Mr W. A.
Hodgins.	, ..
"The missionary work of the
Anglican Church in the pioneer days of this district" was the subject of Mr. Hodgins* address. The members were taken back to the year 1827, when the first recorded visit shows an Anglican mission ary to have come to this district. From that date records show visits to have been made at various intervals tip to the year 1842, when a Priest of the Church took up permanent residence here.
Reference was made to the Golden Jubilee held during the rectorship of the late Venerable Archdeacon Naylor. The closing words of Mr- Naylors address on that occasion were read by Mr. Hodgins. Words, which Mr. Hod gins said, had made a lasting iro-
pression upon him.
The speaker referred to 1942 when the congregation would celebrate their one hundredth anniversary as a parish.
' Mr. H. Wtokens was in charge of the meeting
snow
automobile was parked. He was taken to Almonte hôpital and at tended by Dr. 1. W. James. Chris Langford Is a son of Mrs. S. Lang ford, of Shawville, and many friends here will wish him a speedy recovery.
If you want Colour, Spirit, Dash or just plain lines, you’ll find it right here.
Tubfast gand Unshrinkable All expertly made
ONT
OTTAWA
PHONE. 2-7961
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE
Mr Josey S. Dowe
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-22
The death oecuraed at Shawville avocat Community Hospital on Thursday,
February 23rd. of Mr. Jodey S. | ise MAIN STREET,
Dowe a well-known and highly respected resident of Beech Grove,
Que., in his 73rd year.
Besides his widow, the former Teresa Sally, he leaves to mourn I every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m.
two sons, Earl, of Carieton Place, _	.	„ Q. ...	, „
and Foster, at home, and one At 1 ontiac House, Shawville, every
granddaughter, Doreen Dowe.	Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Tin- funeral, largely attended, '—g—-y— was held on Sunday morning from the late home of the deceased to St. Luke's Anglican church, Eard-ley where service was conducted by Rev. L. Nesbitt, of Quyon Among the floral tributes were pieces from Upper Eardley, W. I ,
Ladies'Guild. St. Luke's church;
LOL. No 70 and L.O.B.A., of U pper
Hospital, and Carieton Place.
You must see them
SHAWVILLE
HULL, QUEBEC
$1.00 $1.49 $1.95
At Proudfoot’d Hotel, Campbell's Bay
Gordon T.! Paul INSURANCE
REPRESENTING OMPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. 74. Hodgins, Lt'd
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone 20-7, R. 1, Shawville, Qu»
Shawville
Quebec
staff of Shawville Taylor Brothers,
SHAWVILLE - QUE
###PAGE###2###
WE JUST LOVE THESE
t eaty Ut&t made her draw i tremulous breath.
'"Going to grab a sandwich?"
"She shook her head. “Not right now," he caught her breath at the almost imperceptible way he drew back. She hurried to make an explanation. "It we go to the hospital It will take up so much time that I'll never get all these notes finished. I'll try to get them off now so I won't have the whole thing to do when we come back."
"Oh, of course. Some other day when we aren't so busy."
She looked up gratefully. "Yes
I'll plan on it."
What Would Be Worse?
Plan? She wondered if she ever would be able to plan again, many plans had been made these past few months only to crash all around her head In a few, brief hours. No cloud was ever to have darkened her happiness with Larry. Nothing was to Interrupt their arrangements for the near future. Things were so certain, running so smoothly. And now — She pressed her hands against her forehead. So anything could happen. The frightful possibilities crowded around he:. The trial, the agony of testimony, of questions and cross questions. the alibis, the fight for release, the fight for conviction, the stories in the papers, and then the verdict. If guilty, weeks, even months In prison. If not guilty — she wondered wearily what would be worse.
If not guilty In the eyes of the law, there would always be the knowledge In her own heart of Larry's explanations, his remark] these past few days with their hidden meanings, the lies and Implications.
And yet he needed her; needed her as he never had before. Wasn't that what real love was for? strengthen one when a real crisis arose? It must have been fear that made him build up this defense. Horror and animal Instinct not the desire to deliberately beat the law. Surely he wouldn't have done that. She must believe he hadn't meant to do that.
She rode to the hospital with the Judge and Tom.
work was more routine to them, and for that reason they talked of other things. Of the opening of the baseball season, of golf scores, and
Quality Is Superb




&
Aves

iv

#
à
A



rv.
W ' Hr

¦‘4*
ruL


%
f\
> wqF • #
"
A
X

%
% m*
*i

f
• »

So

# SERIAL STORY

COPYRIGHT. USS N*A SEFIVICg. INC#
HIT-RUN LOVE
Peasant Styles Being Featured
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
Doctor Urges
Planned Diet
Increased Gains In Health Of Canadian People Would
Result
Household
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS
to gather a rough idea of the day's
Cast of Characters:
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law and love.
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry’s car. He urges her to “fix" a traffic ticket for her brothers to see just how much “pull” she has in court.
cases.
She took a drink of water, clutched her pads and pencils with cold hands and went to her table.
Lots of Explaining Needed
It was nearly an hour before the judge called a recess and In that time she had captured a semblance of poise. The few moments of free time found court gossip turning to the prospect of an examination of Kent. Morning papers had arrived and Sweeney read snatches of the story to big Sergeant Lewoskl.
“Examination probably tomorrow,” he said. “The Judge wants to go to Metropolitan Hospital this afternoon to take testimony from an injured man who has been there a couple of weeks He’s trying to clean up some of these older cases.
‘•Gives this guy Kent time to line
up a lawyer, too,” the sergeant
said. “He’ll be dumb enough to try
building up some screwy defense.”
We know
Even Accessories This Season Have R"stlc Air
PARIS. - Sophisticated peasant styles top the fashion displays for
bodices, and flounced petticoats are features of this rustic style development.
The peasant influences were leading this week In Malnbocher’e large and varied collection. Figuremoulding bodices topped full swirling skirts for day and evening in crepes and chiffons.
Peasant accessories were seen in paillette embroidered aprons tied around black tulle evening frocks and in eyelet embroidered taffeta petticoats for day wear. Other accessories Included rustic covered baskets replacing purses and crook-handled umbrellas.
A variation of full gathered skirts was noted In tiered styles, doubled or triple, closely pleated. These appeared In day and evening dresses with the addition often of fitted or short swing Jackets.
START LENT WELL
But be k?»J to the budget with These Mock Scollops
Few people realize how very inexpensive fish is. in the first place, there's little, if any waste. Ami the flavour is the ref fight through the fish, with hardly any variation. Fish is tender, with little connective tissue. It cooks quickly, and is excellent for children and older people, because it digests easily
and quickly.
Try these Mock Scallops for dinner tonight. They are unusual, delicious and inexpensive.
MOCK SCALLOPS
1 cup Canada cod, freshened 1 cup mashed potatoes 1 egg
Bread crumbs
Shred fish very fine, add potatoes and beaten egg and season. Shape in pieces the size of scallops. Dip in bread crumbs and fry in deep fat, (360 deg. F.) minute. Or saute in bacon fat until nicely browned.
BAKED KIPPERED HERRING
4 kippered herrings lft cups tomato juice % green pepper, chopped (optional)
3 slices of onion Pepper
Prepare the fish, remove the head, tail, etc., if not already prepared. Place in a greased baking dish. Saute the green pepper and onion in a little butter, and add to the fish, over pepper,
for a few minutes, until the fish
is cooked through.
Remember to serve Creamed Finnan Haddie for breakfast or luncheon frequently during Lent. It’s a stick-to-the-ribs, good-to-eat dish, and children particularly like
Full swing skirts, tight
Immense gains In public health and a real stimulus to Canadian business would result if the country’s population kept to a scientific diet, Dr. F. F. Tisdall, director of pediatrics. University of Toronto, and chairman of the Canadian Medical Association’s Committee on Nutrition, declared last week at Toronto.
CHAPTER VII
Enveloped in one of her mother's big aprons Vat added another place at the table; made an extra salad, sliced Mrs. McGraw's rich, moist chocolate fudge cake on a best plate — company touches since Larry had accepted the invitation to stay for dinner.
Even when she hurried around the warm kitchen sniffing the tantalizing odors of cooking food, listening to the voices of the boys discussing the latest automotive with Larry, broken fragments
Important Ae Sanitation
Quoting an English authority to the effect that modern discoveries in nutrition were as Important to the health of populations as the sanitation researches of the last century, Dr. Tlsdall asserted that proper feeding promised ‘larger stature, greater vigor, increased longevity and higher cultural attainment.”
To
Tom nodded. ‘‘Sure, that. Only this time the guy's got to have a swell one. Every additional hour between the time of the accident and his arrest made it for him. The time will take
news
of her own conversation with him the way home kept beating a refrain in her brain.
“Those boys in the know could fix just about anything —, es and prosecutors can be influenced by the right powers—, pretty pair of eyes like yours—'' Subtle remarks, innocent enough yet charged with a hidden meaning.
The next two hours passed dully.
early leave-taking
one
A “Self Help” Play Drew Fastens At Front
worse ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ u
explaining. I'll be glad to work on this. Only hope the boys from the A. 1. have something to really give me. Looks as though they will! this story says they found his car in a little garage with the fender still damaged.”
Pat couldn’t trust herself to talk to Tom that noon. He bent over her when the Judge declared time off tor lunch and grinned with an hon-
on
Canaries Go Gay
The afternoon's
Judg-
M U

Armistead Carter, American ornithologist, believes he will soon breed canaries with red, white and blue feathers.
Even a
" 44
the primaries.
"You’ll get It for prosecutor, my
"And
boy." the judge told Tom.
Butler will step out of that office when he wins for attorney general. We’ll be sorry to lose you, even though you’ve been with us only a short time. But you’ll tsart climbing. 1 knew your uncle: a fine lawyer. The city needs more of that
old school type.”
Tom laughed with a pleased embarrassment. “You’ll have Miss McGraw thinking I’m a civic leader,” he said, turning to bring her into the conversation. "I only wish I could be sure of having as good a secretary as she would make.”
Pat Joined in the laughter, Joined In the good-natured jesting, walked between them down the long white hospital corridor to the ward where the patient was ready to testify.
Give Him A Chance
She had gone through such procedure before, yet today it held a new meaning. The man’s waxen face against the white of the pillow, his voice weak and hesitant struck her anew. Two weeks in pain on that bed had taken toll. The story too, was an old one. His car sldeswiped by another, the scream of brakes, the crash of glass, and the car lying on its side with the driver pinned beneath.
In another room In the same hospital there was a child, her head swathed in bandages, her breath coming In such weak gasps as to be scarcely distinguishable, and nearby would be a father facing a future with three motherless children.
Some place else in town was Larry, questioned by police as to the accident that had caused the death of the mother, and the serious Injury of the child, thoughts from that and concentrated on her notes. Tom was beside her, his voice cairn and gentle, his
at once comforting and

"1 don't like that ‘gimme something* business. Handouts are demoralizing, and right now we need the highest morale.”—Mrs. Chi-ang Kai-shek.
3207
SIZES
s - 6
\
Even Larry’s failed to arouse her from her inner
concentration.
“Have some work to do,” he explained, “and I guess you’ll want to get at those notes you spoke to me about.''
She nodded. “Yes, 1 must finish them to-night.”
She welcomed the work, burying herself in it until sleepiness clouded her eyes and made her fingers weary. The next morning, though, she was glad to see them all typed and ready for the day. Best to start with a clean slate. If only things could be wiped off one’s slate, she
thought.
It was on ihe bus crowded with office workers bound for town that she saw a morning paper over a shoulder. Automatically her eyes scanned th lead stories. Then one stood out, headlines seemingly written in fire. Isolated words leap-

Pour the tomato juice, the fish and sprinkle with Bake in a moderate oven,
The Secrets

lYour
Child
i - •

m


\
!
Good Looks

J
t
h
F
it.

¦i
ES
SS'MTÉSfaî
mild, gentle laiattte IMJ babies end growing child than 100 rears Mothers
;

Hat “Fasteners”
WW-
as
t
Among the new ideas to make spring hats more practical are:
The snood, attached to the hat and rimmed with flowers that climb up on the pillbox.
The Dauphin bow (same as Ca-dogan) a part of the built-down hat.
Patou's "Velvet fingers" to attach the hat to the head.
The bandeau, consisting of a single large rose with stem.
The barrette, on which Is posed a tiny Dauphin bow, which catches the veil at back.
i
FREE Sample and Booklet
;
man's
RETAIN A YOUTHFUL APPEARANCE
1 wrote last week on how to take years off your looks, suggesting various factors to look for. Here are a few more pointers to watch, because nothing is quite so important to women as a youthful appearance.
NECK AND CHIN. A double chin adds years and years to our Often it is caused by slump-
•• •
“Hints to Mothers- write John Steedman A Co., Dept IS, 442 SL Gabriel 8L. Montreal.

68N

SCOT TIE*
POCKET
ill 5*0
ç,^ STEBDMAN'S
POWDERS
ed at her.
"Hit-runner caught—." "W returning from week-end gives police necessary clew—.” salesman arrested," "Car traced by loosened fender," "Kent refuses to discuss charge."
The Branded Words
Somehow all t iese past hours she had known that eventually these would be the words she would read. She had said them over to herself subconsciously, yet now their actual printed presence hit her like a physical blow.
And Larry's a^HHH few days; that was what made her mind whirl madly. Over on tb? other side of the town — L statement made so easily, quiet explanation of the rattling fender the night of the dance, and his equally unperturbed explar ^n of the new car yesterday afternoon.
Larry, her fiance, the boy she loved, the boy she was to marry in a few . îonths. Larry whom he felt she knew Intimately, whose thought she felt she could
she tried
'ES
» #
away
u
"A
ott
rubber
ing, so keep your shoulders down, head high and chin in. Try vigorslapping with the back of your hand or a pad of cotton-wool soaked in astringent. Necks are frequently neglected, yet they quickly age us. When creaming your face, always extend the treatment to your neck. Use a bleach occasionally.
You can make this yourself by pouring a tablespoon of milk of magnesia into a saucer and stirring in a teaspoonful of lemon juice. Apply thickly over neck (and face), leave on for 30 minutes, then wash off with tepid wa-Finally rinse with cold wa-
By LOUISE LENNOX
ous
Toddlers and kindergarteners will bubble with joy in this darling candy stripe cotton dress with its "Scottie" pockets. It has a cunning miniature shirt collar and pert puffed sleeves. The easy to fasten buttons right down the front, make her feel quite grownup and independent. She can dress herself without any aid. The one-piece matching pantees make it such a complete outfit.
Easy little outfit to make . . . Easy to launder. For this one-piece dress opens out almost flat. Style No. 3207 is designed for sizes 1, 2, 3. 4 and 6 years. Size 4 requires 2 % yards of 39-inch material with % yard of 36-inch contrasting for dress and pantees.
Send Fifteen cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly Name. Address and Style Be sure to state size.
Fiery, Itching Skin Gets Speedy Relief
ude these r==t
Pat tore her
his calm
SJBÆJMTJïtaiMB
Toes and Feet. Rashes and akin troubles.
Not only does this great healing antiseptie oil promote rapid and healthy healing in open sores and wounds, but hoüs and atm pie ulcere are quickly relieved and cleanly healed. In akin diseases—the itching of Eczema is Instantly stopped; the eruptions
ft ’LS’VS.0!. Vrw7 is. iz
on (M
strength) at any modern drug store.
HiS
v
presence
yet filled with the power of the law.
She must call Lary. She knew that even as she gathered her about her, closed her pad,
I found sweetening my morning cereal with
BEE HIVE Syrip
ter.
wraps
and got up to Join the others tiling out the hospital. She must speak to him, learn what he had to say, and give him a chance to explain.
She must believe there was an explanation, must give him her own faith and love when he needed It now more than ever before.
ter.
HANDS. To keep hands smooth and white, apply hand lotion oft-and massage regularly with tissue cream. The hands are in water more than any other part of the body, and as they have fewer oil glands you must lubricate them more. Wash only in • lukewarm water, and use Palmolive soap to replace much-needed oil. In cold weather rub them with vaseline before venturing out
BUST. Sagging breasts bespeak Watch your posture; don't
every
understand. Desparate*, to understand him now.
Fear, blind unreasonable fear must have driven him to such action. The accident with the frightful feel of bodies flung aside, the ghastly cold facts staring out at him from papers, the hue and cry
of the police scorch — have been the things that had dri-him to lie a id plot so frantically. And yet again the calm, concise explanations had fitted so perfectly at the time. Her thoughts
whirled again.
Automatically she entered the office, hung up the new felt hat with its brilliant feather, put her brief, jaunty jacket on the hanger, fluffed her hair and powdered her nose before she realized her hands shook and the rouge on her cheeks stood out In two rounded spots.
The hands of the clock over Judge Kelly s bench pointed to the hour of 9:30. Officers came tnd went, starting the wheels of jus-dee for another day. Prisoners were led Into the box, and she saw Tom
------»v« mi* potid, nil the fîeek
en
“At Last I've Found Relief from Distressing
aids

# s?1
o _____
TRY It
——TOMORROW
Number.
HEAD COUS
(To Be Continued)
c
those must
“The German people themselves fear war as much as the English and French people do”—Thomas Mann.
You, too, will pay tribute to good old Mentholatum and its quick results in relieving head colds, nasal catarrh and asthma. Treat that cold at once g before It becomes dangerous. , Use Mentholatum tonight. Insert a little In each nostril and inhale deeply. See how the soothing antiseptic vapours of thin healing balm reach to the farthest passages • • . relieve nasal discharge, stuffiness and irritation soothe inflamed membranes those clogged breathing channels and help keep them clear. Get a 30 cent tube or jar of Mentholatum today. Use H tonight. RdieJ guaranteed or money
Heartburn, Gas?
ven
age.
slump or slouch. If your bust is too small, massage with warm olive oil in an upward and outward movement.
I am delighted to give personal and confidential beauty advice. And you may obtain any of the following special leaflets by sending a 3c stamp for each one re? quired: Facial Care; Bust Development; Superfluous Hair; Hand Beauty; Feet Care;¦ Glamorous Hair; Fascinating Eyes; Underweight; Reducing in Spots; Slimming.
Please address your letter to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 West
AdaleiHa RL. Toronto. Ont.
• • •
^ IF you are troubled 4 with gassy, sour, acid stomach or heart «JH bum, you want to improve your digestion. m A tonic that lends to ' r improve digestion is Dr. Pierce's Golden !/ i Medical Discovery.
Mrs. Cordon Wells, m 9 179 King Sl EL, Ham-
wed to feel slw«gUk. my
IF YOU FEEL SUNK
Reed this end cheer up
GUARANTEED RELIEF I
Try the active oxygen treatment for the relief of bleeding. Itching piles. In use nearly half a century. Use half the tube and not satisfied return tube direct to the Company and receive the full purchase price. If your druggist does not have BUPOZOnb RECTAL OINTMENT send seventy-five cents hy money order
ppflrator) will In plain wrep-
UvtngT Do you ery easily?
see
SÛNÏf
absolutely
i here's good news for joy. ic you
-j
e • •
1
pound. 1 help Net
7
and tube (with e he mailed to you oer. postpaid
Eucozone Laboratories
(C.a»«U) Limited WINDSOR. ONTARIO
IIten. Ônt.. aaysi T
stomach troubled me, 1 belched gee and there seemed to be feollae lu -be Pit el my used Dr	L Z' ,J -
•tomsrb « .«plein? felt Ilka e new t
Get it la liquid or tablet» f
eo that it
:r. 'Inth.
b a heavy Uralag h. After I had
back.
"hnLuRu?tffijmeebawedepended up OB this ( nmpoundted here peneed the word
Issue No. 8—’39
I m #
1
mmCr t

I beta fell Bee

SO']
aimee."
B
% uck1 ''
###PAGE###3###

London To Cape
In 39Vz Hours
1,000 Canadians Will Train As
R. A.F. Pilots
This Mother Got Her Needle Beck
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
* $
British flier,
Alex. Hcnshaw, landed in Cape Town last week to shatter the London-Cape Town flying record.
Henshaw, flying in the Percival Mew Gull in which he won the King's Cup last year, made the flight in 39 hours, 30 minutes, breaking the previous record of 45 hours, five minutes, which was established in November, 1937, by Flying Officer A. E. Clouston aitu Mrs. Betty Kirby-Green,



By Elizabeth Eedy
Within Next Fourteen Months 2,000 More Young Men Will Be Prepared As Groundsmen And Mechanics; Training Centres In Ontario.
READY FOR SPRING, 1939
% is reported that the ground hog came out this year wearing a gas mask and a steel helmet.— Kitchener Record.
PLOUGHSHARES INTO SWORDS
The only way we can think of to put the west right side up, is for someone to figure out a way of turning wheat into ammunition.— Calgary Herald.
FORTY DAYS AND NIGHTS.
Perhaps the life of our early settlers was not so difficult The only way a crisis could get across the ocean was by ship.—Hamilton Spectator.
A HEALTHY SIGN
We disagree with the people who believe that the lack of unity in this country is anything but a healthy sign. When Canadians all begin to act and feel alike it will be because some one man’s foot Is standing on their collective necks. —Toronto Saturday Night. LEADING STORES ADVERTISE
If you go into almost any community, you find this thing to be true: The leading stores are good advertisers. If you see a large store, it probably uses a lot of
If you see a
v*

1

THEY THAT HAVE NOT: The 860,000 or more citizens of ourfair 860,000 or more citizens of our fair Dominion who, for lack of gainful employment, have been forced to go on relief, are having a hard time hanging on to the freedom that is still theirs.
Individual liberty is threatened from more quarters than one. Out in Saskatchewan the Association of Rural Municipalities is asking that a curb be put on reliefeea wishing to marry; at Brantford, Ontario, a move is afoot to disfranchise reliefees at municipal
election# ; no comes from Guelph that persons en relief stand ready to give blood donations "to taxpayers who are supporting you.”
The latter recommendation smacked so much of asking re-Hefees "to pay with their blood” that Minister of Welfare Hon. Eric Cross immediately stepped on it, denounced the proposal as “unthinkable.”
am




Canada will transform 1,000 university or Royal Military College graduates Into highly trained air force pilots within the next fourteen months.
The great majority, probably 90 per cent, of them, will find Jobs In Britain with the Royal Air Force when their training here Is completed—unless war Intervenes and they are needed for service with the Canadian Air Force.
Practically the entire $6,000,000 to be voted for 1939-40 training of pilots Is to be spent to develop the training of pilots for Britain in Canada, under the control of ths Canadian Department of National
Defence.


i ’¦ '
>*/>?•
Hi
FORGET INSIPID TEAS!
m


wthe suggestion
THE RICHER, MORE SATISFYING TEA
Concentrate On Filers Training of pilot# will be carried distinct from the regular activities of the RC.M.P. That the major operations In training are designed to turn out qualified war filers for the United Kingdom Is evidenced by the fact that while $6,000,000 Is to be spent on training in the year, the estimates provide for an addition of only 14 officers to the strength of the Canadian air force during 1939*40.
The plan it to go into operation this spring. While 1,000 pilots In training before the end of the year Is one objective, approximately twice that number of ground men or aircraftsmen will be trained as
on

FREE
WAY BACK WHENi You may believe that Mussolini’s scheme to get Tunisia and Savoy away from France is of comparatively recent origin—that it was cooked up, perhaps, with his pal Hitler after the latter got the jackpot at Munich.
Not at all. 11 Dues has been scheming Just such a scheme for twenty years! He set up the cry for Tunis and Savoy ’way back in 1919 when he was an obscure journalist writing for “Popolo d’ltal
Gfi
• Ob. end
E5
3
'em
newspaper space, small store with a few people in it, it la not properly advertised.— Sarnia Canadian-Obscrver.
LESS HOME BAKED BREAD
Time was, not so long ago, when home-made bread was one of the treats for the city visitor at a meal on a farm. Today—but take the evidence of an “inquiring reporter” on Stratford Beacon-Herald. Of nine ladies questioned, one still makes her own bread. One bakes “occasionally”; the other seven buy from the baker. Times change! —Owen Sound Sun-Times.
THE COUNTY COUNCIL
County councils, like other legislative bodies, have their limitations. But on the whole they are representative of rural nOtario and bring to their tasks the common sense and frugality which distinguish the inhabitants of their communities. They are valuable trainin'* schools in the working of the democratic system and on the whole less expensive institutions than more centralized forms of government.
Free Press.
fer
î?«rr
%5K
removed from the back

was
i
i
aLaivurtd TEA
mechanics.
Skirts Become Much Shorter
la.”
The
REC
South Africa Is seeking new uses for industrial diamonds.
HITLER IN THE BALTIC: Last week saw one of the first steps taken toward domination of the Baltic region by Germany when Hitler purchased the island of Kotka from Finland. Germany isn’t content with expansion southward but must go northward and eastward, too, until the entire con. tinent is eventually brought within the Nazi Empire.
According to the Rosenberg plan, that is. Which Hitler is following. The plan aims to bring all of Europe under the swastika —Central Europe, Western Eu-Eastern Europe. It would
BEI
BEL
i ABEL
1
BOOK SHELF
Paris Collections Show Generally Youthful Line In Fashion
By ELIZABETH EEOY
MORE CIGARETTES FOR YOUR MONEY
AFTER THE DEATH OF DON JUAN
By Sylvia Townsend Warner
It can be stated generally that the new silhouette for spring is molded and youthful, with skirts about 17 inches off the floor and flaring at the hem.
There is a prevalence of shirt-maker dresses in wool, linen, cotton and silk, usually cut with pleated panels and showing a variety of detail work.
Clear colors, preferably pastels, have edged out most of the sombre shades. Especially popular are lime-green, nattier blue, / sun-yellow and rosewood.
Gay prints feature flower motifs in soft spring shades. Polka dots are tiny in surahs, mediumsized on crepe, and become large pastilles on muslins and organdies.
Period Style»
The two period lines featured in most of the new shows, are 18th century and romantic. The romantic period is reflected in gowns with tightly fitted bodices and flowing skirts adorned with panels, flounces and niching, often accompanied by evening capes in Chantilly lace.

Don Juan, Lady-killer No. 1 of the 18 th century (remember reading about him in Byron s poem?) was kidnapped by the Devil, so the legend goes, and spent the rest of his eternal life in Hell.
Mips Warner, one of the first-rank writers of 1939, refuses to believe this story, suggests that Don Juan instead of remaining in Hades, came back to his native Spain to plague the dusty nobles of his castle, the lusty peasants
of the village. . ed return of Don Juan after his reported death throws them all into a dither. . . .
Readers of “After the Death” will see in the tale a parallel to contemporary Spain, ner is a storyteller with a tongue in her cheek, ing.
-
ms»

<
London
P
rope,
incorporate Scandinavia into the Nazi system; claims the Baltic and it* bordering states—Finland, Es-thonia, Latvia, Lithuania—-for the Hitler Empire.
dUfOAette
*)oiacc&
EXTRA MILD ,
The romantic note is further underlined by voluminous skirts of muslin, organdie or white pique with wide hems and festooned with lace. Vionnet revives the full, tiered skirts of the 1830’s accompanied by lace pantellettes.
PACKAGE
% LB. TIN 55c
. The un ox poet-
YEAR AGO THIS WEEK: Capt. Anthony Eden resigned as Foreign Minister of Great Britain in protest to the Government’s policy of continuing to appease the dictators. Capt. Eden insisted that before Britain bargain any further with the dictators the latter should give concrete pledges of their good faith (such as withdrawal of “volunteers” from Spain). A year has passed. Now, I Prime Minister Chamberlain
By Fred Neher
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
HEALTHY
CHILDREN
Miss War-
1. WM
Ci
Witty, fascinat-
L


“After the Death of Don Juan” . . by Sylvia Townsend War.	. Toronto: Macmillan
Company of Canada .
At a Hamburg, Germany, auction $27,000 was paid for an American one-cent stamp of the year 1851, claimed to be the only one of its kind in existence.

even
admits that he is still waiting for a “sign” from Hitler and Mussolini that they are acting in good faith.
ner
. . $2.75.
A...
M >1 /

MUSCULAR
0

VÂ
THE WEEK’S QUESTION: A general election in the Dominion seems slated for the latter part of 1939, What is to be one of the main issues? Answer: Canada’s participation in wars on other than Canadian soil Right at the moment, nobody is just exactly sure whether it is possible or impossible for Canada to remain neutral in the event of a war in which Great Britain is involved. Due to the Quebec isolationist attitude, this question is likely to be a hot
one. :^	H I m
«O* BRAND'? CORN SYRUP. They never tire of Its delicious flavor and It really le eo good for them—eo children "CROWN BRAND’! everyday.
CORN SYRUP a most satisfactory carbohydrate to use aa a milk modifier in the feeding of tiny Infants and aa an energy producing food for growing children. Mh
THE FAMOUS ¦ ENERGY
FOOD .
4
RHEUMATIC
PAINS-ACHES
Were You Ever Alone In A Strange City?
• If you were you know the true value of this newspaper
Alone in a strange city, pretty dull. Even the newspapers don’t seem to print many of the things that interest you. Headline stories are all right, but there is something lacking. That something is local news.
good newspapers are edited especially for their local readers. News of your friends and neighbors is needed along with that of far off places. That is why a newspaper in a «trsnge city is so uninteresting. And that is why this newspaper is so important to you.
NOW is a good time to get to—
KNOW YOUR NEWSPAPER
It takes more than “just a salve” U bring relief. It takes a "counter* kritmnt99 like good old Mueterok —soothing, warming, penetrating helpful in quickly overcoming low congestion and pain whet
i
and
\
It is
the

t
rubbed on the aching spots.
Muscular lumbago, stiffness generally yield promptly.
Better than the old-fashlbned ¦ tard piaster, Musterole has beer used by millions for 30 years. Recommended by many doctors and nurses Made tit Canada, in three strengths Regular, Children's (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, 40# each

mu»

4/:.
More Immigrants Entered Canada
For—all



r«
• «
a-9o
/T0EQ /ien/j-

Totals Row to 17,244

The
CANADA STANCH COMPANY LWM
Immigration into Canada in 1938 increased to 17,244 persons from 15,101 in 1937, according to
I WONDERLAND OF OZ
at Ottawa. The percentage of in-	¦ ¦
crease was 14.2.
There were 8,889 immigrants from the British Isles, an increase of 18.5 per cent; 5,838 from the United States, up 5 per cent. ; 1,812 from the Northern European races, a 14.7 increase and 6,710 from other races, an increase of
11.1 per cent.	e-
More /Rutkenaas, Slovaks
The greatest increase in the •other races” classification were made by Ruthenians, of whom 1,880 were admitted in 1938 compared to 1,106 in 1987, and Slovaks of whom 1,605 entered last year compared to 1,162 in 11*37.
There were 57 Japanese to 146 in 19 3 7
Of the total admitted, 6,800 were adult females, 4,141 adult males snd 6,802 children. The farming class led with a total of 4,761 and the trading class was aext with 1,829. Ontario took the greatest number—7,107 — *nd Quebec 8,801.	. j;
By L. Frank Baum
f M »
ha,,
À




*
s #

tL4
s
m
* i
!
9
4
c

Ai

4 >

1

L
N
V

•.
k


«


À
r »

;

3
%
|Jf
•y
J
Permit me to call your attention to the exquisite Joy of making the happy unhappy." he said. “Consider pleasure of destroying Innocent harmless people." “Ah,
______	_	cried the beir-mnn.
“We will eld you. Oo home end tell your bandy-legged king that as kl» tunnel 1e reedy. IhelPhsn-fr.sm* will lead him legions to the conquest of Os. The deadly desert hnn kept us from destroying It lor c Oo home and prepare for our
“Do you still demand our asalet-ancer he naked. “More than ever," answered the General, firmly. -Then tell me, what can you offer the Phantasma that they do not al-haver Ouph hesitated. The
poor thing
now raised her arms
The wo
oat raised
Aa the First and For his arma hfa hairy akin fall from
even aa the bear In a twinkling the welvea became
¦
the
you hare
him and he appeared before the as-
VJSI
St •« s: ss. r.a..r& v.
iff-«.ïs
their ugly yellow fangs.
ready
magic
r.eit seemed a
compared with the magical powers of those people. He felt that he
with powers greatly
beyond him. There was but one argument which might Interest the Phantasma. who were creature» of evil, and this he resolved to try.
###PAGE###4###
Aaron Burr & Busy Man
in War and in Politic*
Aaron Burr. h">rn in Newark, N.
Although the Robert E. Lee was ji# February 6, 173d, was educated he most famous boat on the Mis- the college of New Jersey (later issippi river, her race with the Nat- called Princeton university) end
hez June 31 to July 4, 1870, un- wea prominent in the war of the It ted her for much future service. Revolution. In 1778 he resigned his 'he driving trip against the speed commission as colonel, partly on .f the Natchez did not Injure her account of ill health and partly naehinery, but she was so badly through disappointment at not being haken up she had to be placed on promoted mors rapidly. In 1782 he marine ways at Mounds, III., for L* was admitted to the bar In Ali general overhauling before she |bany ould re-enter her run from New Orleans to Vicksburg
Limit» Speeches to One Hour In Quebec House
THE EQUITY
Famous Steamer, Robert
E. Lee, Ruined in Race
Hurry I Hurry I
Limitation of speeches in the Lej#*
SHAWVÏLLE, MAR 2, 1939 I^Z» - *02,
day of last week after a two hour debat. in which opposition members charged “liberty of speech” was threatened b> the measure and government supporters replied it was “common sense” régula New rates boosting automobile in* I tion. surance costs in Quebec province by A motion by Premier Duplessis to put about nine ;^r cent, will go into effect the limitation into effect was carried oi March 1st, according to a report À Md7 division after 13 members on A. L. Ham, general manager of both sides of the House had been heard the Canadian Underwriters’ Association. ,n discussion.
Rates will increase 10 per cent, for The motion placed in the standing public liability, lft per cent, for property orders of the Legislative Assembly h damage and 2ft per cent, on $50 de new clause which stated “no speech
ductible collision insurance.	| shall last more than one hour
ceptions to the new rule were listed fo»
Opposition Leader, a Minister presenting legislation, an Oppoei tion member criticising new laws or an ¦(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Opposition
Formation of a five man sub com-1 “blame, censure or want of confidence mittee of the cabinet to ‘‘co-ordinate"1 against the Government’' and the Min* the Government’s administration of un ister sneaking in reply, employment relief was announced re- In the British Parliament, no speeches cently by Premier Duplessis.	“last more than a quarter-hour or
The committee, which will be made twenty minutes ', stated the Premier in up of the Ministers of Labor, Public support of his motion. Lincoln Works and Roads, the Provincial Gettysburg address and “other great Treasurer will be formed under a mea- speeches” were “models of brevity” and sure which possibly will come before hn the House of Commons at Ottawa the Legislative Assembly this week. speeches were limited to 40 minutes • Notice of the bill—“An act respecting 8jnce 1927.
the administration of unemployment He explained the measure was aimed aid”—appeared on the legislature order to permit speeding up of “unnecessarily
long debates preventing the House from carrying out pressing work”. One hour gave any member “sufficient time to say all he wants to”.
Car Insurance Rates In Quebec Increased
To get your tickets on a beautiful eight-day, Two-Tone Chimes,
Mantel Clock,
Tickets are given away with every bag of
Maple Leaf Cream of % West Flour.
All you have to do is to guess how long the ClocK will run after being wound up. and sealed.
Twenty-four other prizes of Bake Rite Pans
Birks-Ellis-Ryrie
His progress in politics was rapid. In 1784 he was elected to the state The Natchez returned to New Or- [legislature; in 1739 became attor-eans from St. Louis and, although Ley-general of the state, and was he had been beaten, she served United States senator from 1791 un-hippers in the lower river trade sev- Lq 1797. His efficiency in the pressai years before dismantled.	idential canvass of 1800 caused the
Old government records In the of- friends of Jefferson to bring him ices of the United States steam- forward for the vice presidency. An )oat inspectors' office at Memphis equal number of votes having been thow the Lee sank opposite Nat- thrown for Jefferson and Burr, the ïhez. Miss., December 21, 1870, just election went into the house of rep tix months after winning her race, resentatives. On the thirty-sixth bal-vrites Joe Curtis in Memphis Com- lot Jefferson was chosen President nercial Appeal.	and, in accordance with the constru-
it was a cold stormy morning tional provision, Burr became Vice when the Lee collided with the President, serving from 1801 to tteamer Potomac and injured her 1805.
$0 badly she was beached on a His unethical conduct in trying to iandbar by her pilot and there she defeat the candidate of his party tank in nine feet of water. So far caused him to lose his political inis known, this was the only accident fluence, observes a writer in the to the first Robert E. Lee.	Philadelphia Inquirer. He ran for
She was raised a few days later governor of New York and was de-and sent to the ways. After being feated. The bitterness of that con-repaired she resumed her regular test led to a duel, in 1804, between runs and remained in service until Burr and Alexander Hamilton, in 1876, when she was taken to Louis- | which the latter was killed. Burr ville and dismantled. Her machin- was later tried for treason on the ery was placed on a new Robert E. I charge of attempting to establish Lee and her hull towed to Vicks- an empire which should embrace burg, where it became a wharf- Jsome of the southwestern states of boat	J the Union. He died September 14,
1836.
on
from
Ex
rue Premier,
To Co-ordinate Quebec Relief
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC’D.
paper last Thursday
Officers of Electricity Syndicate Named
HODGINS
GARAGE
Addition of five new officers to Quebec’s Electricity Syndicate was announced recently by Premier Duplessis.
Appointed at a cabinet meeting last week, the new officers are L. P. de Long-champs, of Montreal, named a member of the board ; George O. Vogan, chief engineer engineer Bernard Lacoste, secretary.
When the syndicate was established
S. A, P>‘aulne, Montreal,
“Pilgrim’s Progress” Key
to Fame of John Banyan
\
John Bunyan was born in November, 1628, at Elstow, Bedfordshire,
England, the son of a tinker, cording to his own account, early youth was notoriously ungodly, judged by his contemporary Puritan standards. He was guilty of such crimes as “dancing, ringing the bells of the parish church, playing at tipcat and reading the history of Sir Bevis of Southsmp-ton.”^^H ¦ I
the Indianapolis News, although he fought for a few months as a soldier in the parliamentary army, his marriage to a young woman of religious character when he was nineteen, his subsequent baptism and admis-to “church privileges," and the fact that his “Sighs From Hell”
(a record of spiritual struggle) appeared when he was twenty-two, all point to his having abandoned his so-called evil ways. He began to preach in 1655. In 1656 he wrote his “Gospels of Truth Opened,” and “A Vindication” of it in 1657. both directed against Quakers. He was indicted for preaching and although he escaped punishment for some time, he was convicted in November, 1660, as a “common upholder of several unlawful meetings and conventicles,” and was committed to Bedford jail, where he remained until 1672.
0,dVUÜn,Por.y.r,«n
ress” during that imprisonment, al- Situated at the head of the Her- Utudy of nutrition, though some have	it that	the	work	gensfjord and pierced by its three	The Technical Commission of the
was done during a	second	period of	branches, the old Viking port of	Health Committee of the League of
incarceration, which lasted	six	Bergen, Norway, lies wedged in be-	Xntions recommends the daily use of
months.	tween its quays and its mountains.	750 grams of milk (about 1 and one
In 1671 the year before his re	with Floifjellet, over 1,000 feet high,	third pint) for children 1 to ? years of
lease, he was elected pastor of the	rising at its back door. Tile-roofed	Agfi nnd 1,000 grams (about 1 and
Baptist church at Bedford. He died	houses in white and yellow stick to I tour-fiftba pint) for children up to 14
in 1688 at Snow Hill, Holborn, and the mountain’s sheer slopes like pine yoftr8 (>f rtge. The Commission also Canada’s	foreign	indebtedness	has	w#g Juried at Bunhill F.elds, Lon-	on a map, and a cable-car lakes	emphasizes the fact that milk should
been reduced by	1900,000,000	in	the	don So great had his fame become,	travelers up to Floien on its crest.	form a conspicuous element of the diet
past five years. Hon. Charles A. Dan- principally through “Pilgrim's Prog- where they can look down on the city Lt agee
ning informe 1 the House of Commons rcss ?» that many deeply religious and the fjord spread out below	Milk i* the best foundation on which
some days ago, but at the same time he	f0ih sought to be buried near	him.	c*i	the old German quay is	to build meals for both children and
issued a sharp	Warning that Parliament,	Nn-di;es. the oldest part of the city,	| adults A daily allowance of a pint,
had become a	body	demanding	that j	who* e tiny houses, jammed one	and a half to one quart for each child,
more and more of the people’s money be	r..	« • nr	,,,'ainst another, cling precariously particularly during years of most rapid
spent. ,	_	! &cent UU1 e	LV* slopes of g steep hill and nnr- growth, will supply the required cal
Min a frank, non-political discussion of j	Creatures of the XVilds ruw streets climb a zig-zag course ciuui, as well as appreciable amounts of
the country’s financial position at home |	. L	top These houses are an- protein, vitamins, and other growth-
and abroad the Minister of Finance The power of .T'f .U ensures	c'er.t. and Bergen, in	spite of its	promoting factors. A pint of milk
made it abundantly clear that the re- tal part in the li\ es of a	fumble of traffic, the life and color	daily is beneficial to adults, not merely
ductiou in foreign indebtedness was not	of the wild. Through it me	!	f |îs	^ market, is an ancient	for its caloric contribution but for its
Government debt alone, but was the	advance notice, by way 01	|	*	It vva8 funded in 1070 by	properties essential to the maintenance
indebtedness abroad of all Canadians.	currents, of the presence o _	i King Olav Kyrre, the Peaceful, and	,,f health
“Nobody will like it, but it is the , mies, are ab.e to recop,	during the Middle ages	was a great	Milk is one of the so called protective
truth. Parliaments came into existence j kind and find mates, in	1	«	’	poart of the Hanseatic	league	foods” which are valuable chiefly for
oiiginally having as their one primary most every moment	' ^ j	| their mineral, vitamin, and high quality
purpose to prevent the King from ence is influenced by the sense I	—	protein content. It ranks first among
spending too much of the people’s smell, and the distance over v\ ic	grorf Garry Became Winnipeg foods because it furnishes more of the
ims HSi IMl iSSl
pre? d",,"d - * mm a -aTai %rsss &	%% p : t ïkvp rs s, E.r.% c.w.
¦¦¦
establish mente.	quench able thirst for blood.	^ith their herds.	, 8 li0n pound».
Young of Some Animals
Weigh Little When Born
Discovery of Gold In Alaska
Gold was first discovered in Alaska in 1848. in the gravels of Kenai
,	.river by P. P Doroshin, a Russian
sums weigh about four grains as	engineer who was then mak-
compared with the mother s weight Qn
of ten pounds. The young are born re*ources with well-developed forelegs that Russ|an„American company enable them to crawl into the ma LgM and 1831 Doroshin, with a
ternal pouch immediately at*?: Liking force of 14 men, prospected birth, where they remain for some
Ac
his
It is claimed that new born opos
H. S. Halloway, assistant R. S. Talbot, inspector, and
\
x
examination of the mineral of the district for the
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
x
In
two years ago
named chairman, and M. J. Cavers, Noranda. member.
was
the gravels of two streams entering
time.	iKenai river between Kenai and Ski-
ll is stated that the kangaroo per- |ak ,akes and those of a third
haps heads the list in this respect. Ltrcam tributary to the latter lake. The mother, sometimes taker than Q0jd was found nearly everywhere a men, gives birth to young that aie I ^|a gravels examined, but not in 'css than one inch long. Both the |.ommercja| quantities at that time, oposum and kangaroo are the best known members of pouched ani
mais, called marsupials.	I	I ¦
The young of the common black | Milk the Food of Foods
that are born in hibernation, gh about ten oùnces as compared
with the mother’s weight of two I milk produced in Canada every year, it hundred pounds or more.	seems incongruous that the consumption
These three animals undoubtedly of milk in the Dominion is only about produce the smallest young in com- two-thirds of a pint writes Laura Pepper parison to the weight of the parents in the bulletin “Milk—The Food of of any wild animals.	Foods,” issued by the Dominion De-
Virginia white-tailed deer give part ment of Agriculture. This is part-birth to fawns weighing about four UHy explained by the fact that many pounds while the mother tips the people may not thoroughly appreciate scale at 100 to 150 pounds.	| the important role this really indispen-
„aye font| plays nourishing the body.
The present per capita consumption is much lower than that recommended by reliable authorities who have made a
However, states a writer in
Manion Urges Job Insurance
Hon. Dr. R. J. Manion appointed by members from all sides of the House of Commons recently demanded tint the Government institute a policy of unemployment insurance.
He warned that unless security were provided for the Canadian people, democracy would fail.
The Leader of the Opposition maintained that Canada was less advanced than most countries of the word when it came to social security Australia, New Zealand and the United States were far ahead of Canada, he stated.
“If we do not realize that we must cure the conditions under which employment is permitted to become widespread I am afraid the system undet which we live will not last . declared Mr. Manion.
“Twenty years from now this democratic system will not be in existence il this continues.”
The people of Canada, he maintained, would not continue indefinitely^ to put up wi^h conditions as they were today.

PREVENT DAMAGE
sion
oear
Prevent damage to your Car by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
In view of the millions of gallons of
ve
England,
<
!
X
X
g
§
V.
X
X
Canada's Foreign Debt Reduced
j. Ij. HODGINS
Phone 64 J,

v" : T/i v^z-i1 -i%ïc5^

zizizixizunzizizw viz.
’
ESTABLISHED 1883
COACH
INVALID
ŒE0RŒB. HYKES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawv ’e, Que.
Phone 80
Soceity until last year had merely acted as an agent in buying and selling honey, honey containers and bees. Following re organization at the 1938 annual meeting the society secured a grant of $6,000. from the Quebec Government, to erect o building to house processing equipment. Further the provincial government backed a loan of $5,000. secured by the society to purchase the necessary machinery. The honey shipped in by producers will be graded by government inspectors according to color, flavor and density. 'Lots of the same grade will be bulked and blended to produce perfect uniformity. It will then be pasteurized to kill the yeast content and prevent fermentation, and filtered through silk having 8,800 boles to the h|uare inch. To guide the buyer in selecting at a glance the grade honey he wants, the white honey will In pack d in a container with the name lithographed on a silver back-ground ; for golden honey a gold back ground, and buckwheat honey on a Copper back
com
Move to Stop Sunday Sale ot Beer
an
(round.
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
Shawvillb United Chürch Kiv. A. i. Fokhs R A., B.D. pAitor

HUkllikH IM*
POBMdHKD KVKRY lïBMDi» At
3HA.WVILLB, QUEBEC
.	Sunday, March 5
11.00 a m., Service at Sbawvill*
1 30 p ro., Service at Zion 3 00 p m., Service at Stark * Corheri.
Subject : “Barriers in the Way 7.30 p.m.—Monthly picture service. “The Beginning of a Nation*', illustrated by 50 slides ; there will be told the story of Samuel and Saul. You will also like the illustrated hymns that all can sing.
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Successor to C. F Hodgins Co. Limited
$150
2.00
N|ID WINTER SPECIALS
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper le discontinued
Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG SALES, B. D.
Sunday, March 5
St. Andrew's Service at 10.30 44	11 Sunday School 11.30
6t
Service at
W. 0. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Austin Knox
Subject : “Lent and Easter"
2.30
7.30

i*

Me rtHeavy Pullover
Sweaters, Only a few left $1.69
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. 0. Newman, M.A.J.D
Sunday, March 5 11.00 a. m.—Seivice at Radford 2.30 p. m.—Service at Norman 7.00 p. m.—Service at Yarm
Sales & Service
main st**it
SHAW VILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
Boys Heavy Pullover Sweaters............
t
79 cts
ANGLICAN Sunday, March 5 2nd Sunday in Lent
St. Paul’*
8.00 a m—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School
11.00	a m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Luke's
2.00	p m.—Holy Communion
Week day Service* St. Paul’s Wednesday
7.45 p m.—Evening Prayer
F riday
8.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s Thursday
8 00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Boys All-wool Sweaters, Blue, Red and Wine. Odd sizes 69 cts
)
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
General Repairs
Mens Heavy Overalls, Lighthouse Brand
Mens 100 per cent, unshrinkable Shirts
and Drawers. Odd sizes. Special at 79 cts
Mens 100 per cent, unshrinkable Combinations. Odd sizes. Now at.....
Ice
llabl
... $1.49, $1.59 and $1.69
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40

Look Here
Beattie’s Eye Service
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
$1.69
o
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone cad Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
FOR EXCHANO E-Stack of good Oat
Mens Heavy Tweed Caps. Fur bands. Odd sizes........
Mens Leather Caps
Boys Leather Caps
M? ft# Navy Ski Caps
Boys “
FOR SALR-A couple of small stack* of clover hay*. Apply to Kenneth Hodgikm, 8 haw Me. Phone 18-7,
79c
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Header Sunday, March 5
10.30 a.m , Service at Greermount 2.30 p.tn., Service at Charteria
89c
FOR SALK-No. 12 De Laval Cream Separator, ulightly uaed. In excellent condition. Apply to Allan Sparling. Shawvllle.
Scientific Eye Examinations

I
69c
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; lar
Eye Defects
First Governor of N. W. Territory
Gen. Arthur St. Clair was appointed the first governor of the Northwest Territory, and in the summer of 1788 he established his headquarters at Marietta, Ohio. The day of his arrival someone stationed at Fort Harmar wrote in his journal that “on landing he was saluted with 13 rounds from the field piece On entering the garrison the band played a salute; the troops paraded and presented their arms. He was also saluted by a clap of thunder and a heavy shower of rain as he entered the fort, and thus we re ceived our governor of the western frontiers." Of the original domain of the Northwest Territory six states were formed—Ohio, Indiana nois, Michigan. Wisconsin, and part of Minnesota. Such were our humble beginnings The pattern of a do-
had been established in
76c
Revival Services
59c
44
44
/
Special revival services will be conducted in the Standard Church, Shaw-ville, during the month of March. The Clark sisters, Saskatchewan, now working in Rosebush. Mich., will be present throughout the month to assist the Pastor. The public cordially invited to attend.
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS
Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometnst
Boot and Shoe Department
Odd Lines of Women’s Oxfords, Strap and Pumps, extra value at..................
A cordial invitation is extended to all to visit this
our basement
$1.49
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Bible Facts
All book-lovers read the Bible for the beautiful, dignified Epglish it contains, if for no deeper reason, says London Tit-Bits Magazine. Men who have made a very careful analysis of the Bible say that it contains 3.566.480 letters, 810,697 words, 31,175 verses, 1,189 chapters, and 66 books. The word "and" occurs no fewer than 46.627 times and the word "Lord" 1,588 times. Those who order their lives by the Bible could not choose a better set of
practical instructions WÊÊIÊtÊÊ. of Proverbs contains the sanest advice on behavior ever given to man. In the earlier books there are rules for eating and drinking, for sowing crops and the maintenance of bodily health. Historically, it is accurate; it contains a comprehensive list of the flora and fauna of Palestine and the surrounding countries, their merchandise and mineral products.
entirely new Department in
Seasonable Grocery Items
Illi-
in Marble and Granite
25 eta
Choice Quality Tomatoes, 3 large tins.... - - -
Oldtime Lassies Syrup, per pound.......... ' '
Sliced Pineapple, per tin .........
Elephant Laundry Soap, does not chafe hands
5 bars......................,.............
Hand Picked White Beans, 7 pounds.............
at best,jrood size, per dozen, only .
9 1
10 '
mocracy the old Northwest
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
19 “ 25 “
19 i»|
$1 95, $2 25 and $2 50
of Fresh and (Juried Fish for Lent
The Columbia Icefield Area Many of the world's most accom plished Alpinists have, at one time or another, explored and climbed in the Columbia Icefield area, where there are no less than six major peaks that rise to a height of more than 11,000 feet each. With an of 160 square miles it is the
The Book
Phone. 278
Oranges, now Prunes, 25 pound box,
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Good avortaient
area
largest icefield south of the Arctic on the continent. It is frequently referred to as "the mother of rivers" by reason of the fact that it is the source of three rivers whose waters flow to three different I
These streams are the Co-
MacLeans
i Thomas Jefferson’s Versatility Summing up his versatility in other fie Ids,“one writer observes in part that when Thomas Jefferson "spoke of law one immediately thought him a lawyer; when he talked of mechanics you thought him an engineer; at the mention of medicine one was sure he was a doctor, and in a >discussion of literature your mind was made up that he was a college pArfessor.” Fifty years to the day after the signing of the Declaration of Independence, Jefferson died and at his request this simple inscription was placed on his tombstone:	"Here was buried Thomas
Jefferson, author of the Declaration of Independence, of the Statute of Virginia for religious freedom and father of the University of Virginia."
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G F. Hodgins Co., Limited
lumbia, flowing to the Pacific; Sas- 1 katchewan, which reaches the At- | lantic by way of Hudson bay, and the Athabaska, which finds an outlet through the Mackenzie into the
Arctic
F » »
0 0 t) #44 4 V44'44 ^4 V #
"The Owner Serves —The Buyer Saves
block of land for sale
15 cts
Spaghetti, cheese tomato sauce, large 20 “
„	„	»	» small 10 “
Catellie’s Cooked Macaroni, per tin ..
Chicken Haddi, per tin C. L Pilchards, per tin
Brunswick Sardines, per tin.........
Herrings in tomato sauce, per tin...
Whole Kernel Corn, choice quality, 3
Falcon Peas, 3 for................
Falcon Tomatoes, 3 for ...........
Falcon Wax Beans, 3 for...........
Macaroni, ready-cut, 6 pounds.....
Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour, pkg Evaporated Apples, % pounds
C. L. Pink Salmon, per tin
Roy 6. Fraser
Gift», Novelties
RENFREW, ONT. -
Box 889
•••••••
• e
Terms Used by Coin Collectors
The common terms used by coin
Obverse, the « side
A block of land, containing approximately 25 aces. Twenty acres A t gar den soil, at present under hay, and live acres of pasture with a never failing creek running across it. Situated on an excellent highway 1* miles from town of Arnprior, and half mile from village of Bracside. An ideal location for raising hogs, chickens, bees and vegetables. A beautiful place for a Summer home for town or city dwellers, -Should you be looking for a location such as the above, do not fail to look this one over
Apply to
W. O. MacLean, Box 825, Arnprior, Out
collectors are	¦
bearing the more important device or inscription; Reverse, the othet side of the coin; Field, the portion of the surface not occupied by the main device and principal inscriptions; Exergue, the portion of the reverse which is below and distinctly separated from the device Coin measurements mny be given either in sixteenths of »n inch c millimeters.
Flower»,
10 “
.. 15 "
Rhone ICO
•eeeeeeeeeeeeee
# •
15 “
i
5 4‘
15 "
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’» our business. We in
25 "
r l
Discovery in Athens
“I am the boundary stone of the agora,” reads the inscription on a marker which helps determine the limits of the Athenian market place of the Sixth century B. C. Its height U approximately four feet and it is a foot thick and four inches wide. The personified inscription is cut with carefully made archaic letters across the top edge and down the right side. The white marble post was found standing erect in its original position, just under a road bed containing pottery of the Fifth entury.	j
On
25 "
vite yonr patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
25 “
ShBWVlUe Boy Found Guilty Of Theft and Assault
Row Schwartz, of Shaw ville,
SWLSS ssra Br$
on Tuesday. February 22.id, and was rein an tied until March loth for yen tente. Rot» Schwartz pleaded guilty to asmulttor Constable Herbert Spur!berger, of 8ha w vi I le, and will be sentenced March toll).
11» collect $5 00 or over, phone us collect
25 “
25 "
and we shall prepay
19 “
CARD or THANKS
and Mrs. Harry Sharp© nnd family desire co express their heartfelt thanks to friends and neighbours for many acts of kindness and expressions
uf sympathy extend <1	. -,	,
illoes* aud death of their beloved
daughter and sisV t
25 44

Mr
Phone anytime between f^s, / and 11 p.m.
Fish of all kinds
Ullf
381
###PAGE###6###
4

Salvation Army Head’s Successor
May Be Commissioner John McMillan, Well-Known in Canada — To Succeed Gen. Evangeline Booth
CIGARETTE • PAPERS
HAVE
CfuinlecLeX
Sv cMete xmd ‘Süeïes
WITH THE

4T
aRD
BOYSCOUTSj
NONE FINER MADE

3*
HE



Lucia following the disaster." In addition to numbers of rescues made at serious risk, and recovery of the dead, the Scouts collected clothing and bedding, and gave valuable service at the hospitals and refugee camps.
# # #
Teacher turned away from the blackboard, where she had been writing.
“Read out that sentence, Willie,
she said.
Plans for the re-modelling of the Chesterville, Ont., fire hall, under direction of a special committee of the Village Council, include a meeting place for the local band
and the Boy Scouts.
$ # »
A St. John Ambulance Association first-aid brigade of six divisions is being organized at Saint John, N.B., around a nucleus of Rover Scouts and other older Scouts. It is planned to develop and maintain four complete stretcher teams for any emergency service.





V
He was bent on seeing his old
school/ M read Willie.
"Now children," continued teacher, MI want you all to paraphrase
that sentence."
Chewing his pen. Willie regarded the blackboard. Then hla face lit up. Busily he wrote: “The sight of the old school doubled him up.”
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
(# #
4
A troop of Boy Scouts has been organized among the Basque (Spanish) boys at the Laleham Refugee Centre, Margate, England, and registered at [mP”iel Scout Headquarters as the 36th Margate (Laleham Basque) Troop. “These refugee children were so undisciplined that I was certain Margate would not put up with them much longer,” it was explained by Rover Leader Angel! “But Scouting has brought them together in the moat marvellous imaginable, and everyone Is
the result. The

Spores Borne On Wind
The remedy proved fairly simple. The scientists found that eealdntog yards must be kept clear of old, decayed wood, mill sweepings, weeds and other sources of Infection by the spores. As an additional precaution, dousing fresh sawn wood In Inexpensive chemical solution has been recommended to prevent growth of the fungi until the wood has been thoroughly dried out.
Fungus Causes Lumber Losses
Clothes In the tropics are being made of bananas, should be eaey to slip on
They
Polish Boy Scouts of Montreal celebrated the anniversary of the founding of their Group in an enthusiastic and largely attended gathering at Polish White Eagle Association Hall. The young Polish Canadians re-dedicated themselves to the principles of the organization as Canadian Scouts.
Seasoning Yards Must Be Kept Clear Of Old Decayed Wood And Other Sources Of Infec-
"And what did
Now Minister you think of my sermon on Sunday,
Mrs. Jones?"
Mrs. Jones so Instructive. We didn't know what sin was until you came bee."
The name of Commissioner John McMillan, chief of staff of the International Salvation Army, has been mentioned several times lately as the possible successor to General Evangeline Booth as general of the Salvation Army.
Commissioner McMillan is well known throughout Canada. He started his career in the Salvation Army in Toronto some 50 years ago. He was on the Canadian Territorial headquarters staff for some time and 1896 went to Australia as private secretary to the
commissioner.
Known To Canadians
During the Great War he was in Canada again as chief secretary. Later he was transferred to the United States where he was in charge of the Chicago territory. Another transfer took him to New York, the biggest Salvation Army area on this continent.
Then he was made a commissioner for the Canadian territory, which includes Bermuda, Alaska, and Newfoundland.
Sheepskin Rugs
tioti.
Beautiful air, and
way
astounded at Centre, which only a few weeks
flying mass of undisclp-
the lines of
an
When an unslightly blue stain In
¦awnHflJHH
ands of dollars to Canadian lumber-through lost sales, the forest products laboratories of the Dominion Minflti and Resources Department tracked the nuisance down
to a minute fungus.
Wind-borne spores. Investigators found, germinated In the summer months on the moist surface of the freshly-sawn lumber In the seasoning yards. The thready growths all worked deep Into the lumber as It dried and produce the dark, tell-tale
stain.
lumber causes losses of tbous-
ago was a
line, is now run on the English school prefect system, and everyone is better for it." The Troop is running so successfully that every one of the Spanish boys has passed his English Tenderfoot tests, including the Scout Law. It is said that the whole atmosphere of the Centre, at which there are 80 children, has been transformed by the introduction of Scouting ideals and ideas.
Some sort of a prize goes to the man who convinced hla wife that a woman looks stout In a fur coat.
O'Reilly and Murphy were looking in a cake-shop window.
What’s that bowl of water there
forr asked O'Reilly.
“That's for the flies to wash their
feet In before they walk on the
buns.” replied Murphy.
“Hens always strike me as anxious looking creatures,” a writer mays No wonder, when they can hardly ever find their things where they lay them.
“Are your neighbours honest?" the old negro was asked.
“Yasir, dey Is."
“But you keep that loaded shotgun near your hen coop.”
“Yas. dat's to keep 'em honest."
Rescue and relief work by Scout leaders and Boy Scouts following the recent landslide catastrophe the island of St. Lucia, B.W.I., officially acknowledged by His
Wrote
men
^Itching
on
Excellency the Governor the Governor, who is also Chief Scout for the Windward Islands: “It is with considerable satisfaction that I learnt of, and saw for myself, the excellent work performed by the Boy Scouts of St.
U TORTURE h A Mlwrti
Mas
•rts
“This form of treatment,” the inventor states, “produces greater absorption of the drugs and more rapid results than the former ventional methods, thus shortening the course of the disease and preventing later complications.9
ELECTRONS DO RHUMBA
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
WAR SCARES!
con-
booklet entitled
“Prepare For War”
1.	When a young man becomes interested in a girl he has recently met, should he wait for an invitation from her to call?
2.	Is ten cents a sufficient tip for one person, when checking one’s wraps?
3.	Should the women be served first at the dining table where
and women arc seated alter-
By causing electrons to do the
California
new
rhumba, three young scientists have produced a type of radio which may give aviation a formidable “life saver, and perhaps revolutionize the whole field of ultra-short wave transmis-
"" R. L MORAN COMPANY
deposited In Winchester Cath-
was
eifral; though by other authorities It is connected with doom in the sense of judgment. The survey covered all England, except Northumberland. Cumberland, Durham and parts of Lancashire and Westmoreland.
Sheepskin rugs can be washed at home. Soak for an hour or two in a large vessel of warm water, with a small quantity of washing fluid, ammonia, etc. Press the rug into the water and stir about. When most of the dirt is extracted put into another warm-water bath with more ammonia, and press with a vacuum washer or a dolly
Toron o
ELgin 7357
67 Yonge Street
sion
Radio engineers have pronounced it the most important advance in that science since Dr. Lee de Forest produced the vacuum turc
in 1906.
It generates H
waves both powerful and easily controlled—an impossibility with
the usual ultra-short wave equip-
men nately?
4. When a bride has no family, near relatives, nor guardian, who should pay her part of the wedding expenses?
6. Is it ever permissible to bring a guest when invited to an affair?
6. How should unfrosted cake be eaten?
!
Classified Advertis ing
extremely short
GOING TO TOWN?
kKen* and PEiiTn.izrn* __
POTASH FERTILIZER (CANAIMAV Hnrdwood Ashes). Write for F'»* Circular explaining use. <.e«»rge Stevens, Peterborough. Ontario
> Hir.n n i,i H ; ill) n *:* * * n
"SrSflMWSIrSSGi
lara regarding our amazingly successful hyhlood treatment, Dcdl-greed Products. Saskatoon Rnsk.
stick
BABY CHICKS
Rinse the rug in three or four
waters, and pass

Remember fo get your copy of this week’s Toron te Star Weekly.
Ontarjo.
clear warm through the wringer with a very loose tension. Then shake vigorously before hanging up to dry in
Shake continu-
The
ment.

Answers
1. No. “Faint heart never won fair lady." The period of waiting might be indefinite. He should ask permission to call. 2. Yes. Of course some will give more, but ten cents is sufficient. 3. No; the guests should be served in regular sequence whether man or
4. In this case the bride
months
i'
3.
a good breeze ally during the drying process lining must be washed separately.
How Can I?
mm
John Street North. Hamilton, Ont
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Q. How can I mend broken
china?	.
A. Stir plaster of Paris into
the beaten white of an egg, to the
consistency of paste. Apply this
to the broken edges ani allow to
harden thoroughly.	•
Q. How can I remedy soup that
is too salty?	.	.
A. Add two or three pinches oi
brown sugar to the soup. This
will remove the salty taste, but
will not sweeten the soup.
Q. How can I avoid getting
rough hands on washday?
A. Add a few drops of vinegar to the rinsing water on washday, and it will help prevent the hands
from becoming rough.
Q. How can I make a good button receptacle?
A. A lmrge-mouthec. bottle is a great improvement over the customary button box. By turning the bottle sround, the desired button can often be found at a glance without emptying the entire contents.
Q. How can I remove water
stains from furniture?
A. Use a tablespoon of powdered pumice, mixed with enough linseed oil to make a thin paste. Rub on the spots until they dis-
Then wipe off with a
HONEY FOR SALE
Canadian Securities
wo-

man
should meet these expenses her
self
119.00,
¦BR
X.T Oovernm.nt Appro**
kÊuBShn-
PULLETS
L1Hf a vy1 Breeds 9 * ci. pullets
Hutchinson Bros Ontario
5. Only when the permis-of the hostess has been ask-
6. It should be
Limited. Baden, Ontario.
Sion
ed in advance broken and eaten with the fingers,
the same as bread.
Ington. Ontario.__________ ________
Dominion and Provincial Government Bonds
Municipal Bonds
Public Utility
and
Industrial Financing
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY
SPEND LESS MONEY AND GET more quality In your chicks. Dos-of chick buyers have acclaimed Tweddle'a New Low regu prices, the best news they have had In a long time. Compare Tweddle prices and quality. Grade
w He.
tî.nd 8irH§rfc,s;sa.l.,,hB5t
Fergus. Ontario.
PARTNER WANTED. At’TIVR OR silent. $2,000 required for expnn-Returns monthly. Confldcn-Box 12, 73 Adelaide 81. W.,
ene
lar
slon
tlaCM Toronto
What Science * Is Doing *
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT
LEARN HAIRDRESSING UNDER the personal supervision of Mr, V. Crompton, prise winning hairdresser. Booklet on request. School of Modern Hairdressing, 356 Tonge St.. Toronto.
HOOKS ON FUR FARMING
Dominion Securities
OOKPORflnON LIMITED
WEIGHT REDUCER
A pituitary extract produced in McGill University research laboratories has been shown to be successful in practical tests as a weight reducer. The extract does its work by speeding up metabol-¦peeding up metabolism and thus ism and thus burns up fat deposited in excess in body tissues.
WHEAT ELECTRICALLY-SHOCKED
The yield of wheat can be increased by electrical treatment of the seed, according to Professor Benedetto Riccioni. The professor’s experiments at his laboratory at Terni, Italy, are stated to have been verified by the Italian Ministry of Agriculture and the Confederation of Italian Farmers. He claims that the method is simple and inexpensive, applying ohm, the electrical unit, to increase the contained in the seed it-
FEVER BOX
Medicine has a new trick, heating the human body to make the medicine permeate better. The University of Pittsburgh, after a year's study of artificially-induced fever has developed a new kind of “fever box’’ to heat up human
bodies.
— PROFITABLE business. 60c book now 25c. Fur Farms Publishing Co., 48 Arcade, Utica. N Y	_____Æ__
COLDS ARE DANGEROUS
WRITE FOR A TRIAL BOX OF "Old English- Composition Capsules. Brings quick relief. Mall ten cents for 85c box of 16 capsules. Old English Herb Co.. Toronto.	_____________
FUR FARMING business.
OPPORTUNITY
FORTUNES HAVE BEEN REAPED from amall Investments p*rtlrUe 1 a re—D. Mitchell, Room tTTS • 67 Yonge St., Toronto._______
PATENT*	~
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTUfL List of Inventions and full Information eent free. The Ramsay < run-pany. Registered Patent Attorneys. 273 11 a A It St. Ottawa. Can.
________PHOTOGRAPHY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and I high gloss prints 25c. Reprint* same price. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Brlghtllng Studio, Toronto
*	PERUONA L
MARRY—WOULD YOU MARRY IP suited? Hundreds to choose from. Rome with meins. Many farmers daughters and widows with prop-Particulars 10c. confidential. i Correspondence Club. Box 128. Calgary. Alta. â
VANCOUVER N«w YORK LONDON
EDUCATIONAL________
CANADIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE	_
MATRICULATION. SHORTHAND, and bookkeeping. 85 years’ experience. You still have time to write two or three papers In June. 607 Kent Bldg., Toronto.
ELECTRIC MOTORS
I I I I I
I I I
appear cloth dampened in polish.
Q. How can I prevent the hot
fat in a frying pan from spattering?
A. Sprinkle a little flour, or salt, in the pan before using the fat for frying.
ELECTRIC MOTORS AND MACHINery bought, sold, exchanged. Ford Machinery. 169 King East. To^ ronto.
I
erty** Canadian
i
i
FARMS FOR BALE
8II.Y, y. Tea-
Advice
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. BA Inexpensively. Home remedy
POULTRY AND EGGS | I
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry, also feathers. Good price*. Write Stork. RL Patrick’# Market* Toronto. * •	- • • *
WANTED - LIVE AND DRESSED poultry. Pay above market quotations. Write Export Packers. 604 College. Toronto,
ROSES FOR YOUR GARDEN
GOOD ONTARIO FARMS FOR SALE. Terms at 4%. No farm sold without reasonable cash payment. Please state your requirements fully, also county or district preferred. Commissioner of Agricultural l^oans. Parliament Bldgs.. Toronto. Ont.
Britain is spending $750,000 on playgrounds for schools.
energy
self.
r
TIRED FEET
160-ACRE FARM. GOOD house, big bank barn. sho. Apply Gideon Schneider. Moore-field. Ont.	_________ _
%

''V

FOR SALE
KF, SHARPEN HORSE «M Plates, etc., 86c pair. Sell new platen 82.76 pair. Horae - Sheep clipping machine 818.60. Sheep tales 88. n# extra.	An lima 11 - Do-
I rner I
146 00
ville. Que. _________
‘“..I Regulator wkid.
NEW ROSES for four garden from England. Send for free catalogua, five hundred varieties.* Marry-weather’s Famous Hones, complet# cultural directions. Write Canadian agent. Brush’s Herser* \e*. Hot- jgl
ni
Ro
Makes real high ¦ class syrup.
¦ ssiv-rMrs
catalogue of equipment It la !¦-terestlng.
w. tordoiT^-e'el w<5rks
LIMITED
$26.00. Road Snow-Plows Wilfrid Fontaine, Pierre-
A
' blue coal ?
Out
Ridgev
VIAIR GOODS
1P§#$Ih I IhSEF
N1
GRT
COMf
K SOLID
) D E R N FUEL
a *
\ H f
I V
•to
CBU T
to vt
p-
T
' I
e
C BO. Oita
1 -• AH JO
lisio No.
###PAGE###7###
hem,
gical service for Trans-Canada Airlines and increasing activity of that enterprise has meant a jump of $368,526 in cost of these services.
Growth of the national network of airways has made necessary a greater appropriation for radio, weather bureau, lighting and airport facilities. Vote for airway services has swelled to $6,822,640, an increase of $483,084 compared with $6,889,466 last year.
The transport department provides ground services, radio range stations, airports and meteorolo-
up new factories in cities virtually unknown to the occident. Now they are buying machinery in Ot Britain and the U. 8. with which to equip the factories. Some of the machinery probably will be need in making arms and ammunition.
Former Czech Free Went Comes To This Continent
Sunday School
Lesion
The estimated average price of a troy ounce of fine gold in Can#, dian funds was $34.99 in 19S7e while in 1938 the corresponding price was $35,166.
Between 1,000 and 2,000 freshly-ordered trucks will be used to connect China with the sea over the new 2,000-mile road opened between the provisional capital of Chung king and Rangoon, Burma, American Ambassador Nelson T. Johnson reported recently that the road was completed in eight months solely by native labor directed by Chinese engineers. Johnson made the trip from Chungking to Rangoon in 17 days by automobile.
LESSON IX
PETER IN SAMARIA Acts 8:4-25
i This Curious World %'Z j
Qolden Text—Come ye, her. d eat: yea, come, buy wise and


milk without money and without price. Isa. 55:1.
THB LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Tjme.—It is generally believed thit Stephen warn martyred A D.
36, and it was therefore in that year that the preaching of Philip in Samaria took place.
Place.—The city of Samaria la located in the midst of the province of Samaria, in which we might call central Palestine.
Instead of quieting those who were bitterly persecuting the early church in Jerusalem the martyr-ddm of Stephen seemed to have fanned into a hotter flame their hatted for the new faith. After the burial of Stephen there arose the greatest of all the persecutors of the apostolic church, Saul offcTarsus, who later was to be the greatest of all the defenders of thd faith.
$p often revivals are the cause of sharp words, of unjust criticism, and sometimes of public , B	ms •
oeribuncements. This great work | Better Me&lS of'Philip of Samaria had not proceeded many days before one appeared in these revival circles whp, if allowed his way, would have wrought great havoc in the use of the Christian faith in


ASTRONOMERS
RTS
w
\


«
l
BBljEVE THAT THE
SOLAR SYSTEM,

Airway Services Given $5,389,456

2*4 BILLION
S
hgzA
Dominion Government Allows $70,000 For Subsidies to Amateur Flying Clubs Across Canada.

1
i

z The Dominion Government will continue its subsidies to amateur flying clubs across the Dominion with a $10,000 Increase over last year’s allotment for fostering flying among Canadian youth, according to estimates tabled In the Commons.
The transport department will ask Parliament for $70,000 for grants to flying clubs in 1939-40, compared with $60,000 last year. Included in the grant, as last year, is a special grant of $6,000 to the Canadian Flying Clubs Association.

THE. WOODS
' VeonuzATioisr
AfNO
e POLLINATION"
Wearing a broad smile, Dr. Edouard Banes, former president of Czechoslovakia, is shown here with Mil. Bents as they arrived in New York Dr. Benea took up his duties as a visiting professor to the University of Chicago on Feb. 20.
DENOTE THE SAME THING/
AAANV STUDENTS OF BOTANY
credits, said that nation’s only chance of defeating the Japanese was to wear them out by creating a virtually new China In what was once the Hinterland.
Natives carried machinery with them when they evacuated manufacturing centres, and are setting
~POlc/HAT/OH ~ TO THE PLAÛ-
For Tourists Wanted Here
IfSfd OP POLLEN ON THE STK3AAA,

rr RJEAO-iES THE STIGMA
ce
Canada Is Falling Down In This Respect It Is Believed

1
that city.
AT ONE TIME, »« n MOVE HtS EARS »N AMV
From the Mother Church
14. Now when the apostles that were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John. This verse shows that the church at Jerusalem was regarded as the mother church.
16.	Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Spirit: 16. for as yet it was fallen upon none of them: only they had been baptised into the name of the Lord Jesus. The apostles did not come down to collect money; they did not come down especially to catechize; they did not come down to make proselytes, but they did seek the spiritual enrichment of the Jives of these young Christians.
17.	Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Spirit. This experience of the Samaritans was exceptional, and was intended to teach that, as miraculous gifts might be withheld for a time from true converts, so in the future, as at the present day, conversion might be quite as real-even though attended by no miraoles or signs.
18.	Now when Simon saw that through the laying on of the apostles’ hands the Holy Spirit was given, he offered them money, 19. saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay my hands, he may receive the Holy Spirit
Simon’s Attitude is that of a professional wizard convinced that strangers have at command magical powers of wonderful strength. He fancied that he could by money be instructed how to acquire, use, and impart, all in the way of trade, these powers. From this actv of Simon’s comes our word "siriiony,” the crime of buying, selling, or bargaining for spiritual functions. The sin of Simon is virtually repeated when a man get» himself appointed to office in the church, not that he may do God’s work, but that he may make #' living or gratify his ambition.
Buying God’s Gift
20. But Peter said unto him, Thy silver perish with thee, because thou hast thought to obtain the gift of God with money. 21. Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right before God. Worldly power can be possessed, and often Is—the power of a great intellect, the power of ruling great multitudes, power for winning battle#, power for making money,— by those who are not right with God.
Y
Really good yet simple meals are few and far between In Ontario's roadside eating places and there la undoubtedly much more room for Improvement In this essential respect, says the Brockvllle Recorder and Times.
We can show a tourist the finest of scenery, give him the best of roads over which to travel, furnish him with the means of entertaining and enjoying himself, but If we fall down In such things as the meals we serve him and the beds that we ask him to occupy, his holiday will be spoiled and he may leave our country with bitter and disappointed feelings.
For some years the provision of better meals for tourists and other visitors has been part of Governmental activity In such provinces as Quebec and Nova Scotia, where it le realized that the way to a tourist's heart Is as much through his food as through anything else. Classes In cookery, particularly for the tourist trade, have been started and emphasis has been placed upon the preparation of what might be considered native dishes. Ontario could afford to do likewise.
w
j"
NOTES
RADIO
UNDERNEATH THE SK/N
__ I l \
MUSCLES WHICH WERE
NEWS
AND
OUR ears of today have Utile use as sound catchers, since they are too flat, but once, when man’s life depended on his ability to hear the approach of other animals, he could turn them In different directions, Just as a horse does. Today the muscles that made' this possible, although still present, are useless
By MADGE ARTHUR
Donald Dickson, who has taken Nelson Eddy's place on the Chase and Sanborn Hour, Is by no means
¦H a newcomer to radio. In fact he got his start on the networks and Bf was broadcasting #0 when he was sign-I* ed by the Metro-I* politan Opera uo. as one of its principal baritones. From radio to opera in New York and then to radio In Holly w ood, such Is his subsequent career In a
THE GREAT PIANIST Those who were unlucky enough to miss t6e recital broadcast by Ignace Jan Paderewski from Lausanne, Switzerland, last September, will be able to hear the great pianist from Radio City in New York Sunday, February 26, at 2 p.m. On that date the entire Magic Key of RCA will be devoted to Paderewski's playing.
Paderewski arrived in New York on Tuesday, February 21, by the Us de France, to begin his 20th concert tour of North America. He made his debut on this continent 47 years ago.
It his broadcast from Lausanne last September 25, is any criterion Paderewski's title as the-poet of the pianoforte still holds good In spite of his 79 years. His playing then was unforgettable.
For many years Paderewski did not favor radio and refused consistently to broadcast. He consented, however, In September, and his music heard at the height of the crisis, came from Europe like a voice of peace in the midst of the noise of war.
Paderewski's last composition was his Symphony in A minor describing the tragic fate of his native Poland and hinting prophetically of Its resurrection. The Symphony was performed In Boston In 1909. Ten years later Paderewski was the first Prime Minister of Poland. Last year he published his autobiography.
directly from the
?
¦
| Great Opera Star

on
12 Work of skill 16 She is a native
HORIZONTAL 1 Modem opera star singing In America.
13	To soak flax.
14	Pertaining to the lore.
15	Sailor.
16	Back of the neck.
17	To love excessively.
18	Person opposed.
20 Skillets.
22 Chair.
24 Files.
27 Keno.
30	Artifices.
31	Fragile.
32	Ascended.
33	Queried.
34	Still.
35	Before.
36	Right.
37	Note in scale.
39 Followers ot
fashions,
44 Dentists’ instruments.
A
HiaDEiflH ¦ mranniiHiiH
ÏÏEHR	HESHB
¦isan BBiinra mniS"
SHDI3HB0H HOBSIBE flMfl BBS) 0HBTOE0J3 HBHKIB OH
HBiniîiaiSHB
of
19 One of her favorite roles,
21 Maintains.
23 Forage plant, 25 Irish tribal society.
jJ 26 Coin slit/
28	To seize.
29	Row of a series.
36 Part of a stair.
VE R TIC AL	38 Lengthwise.
2	God of war. 39 Door rugs.
3	Corded cloth. 40 Hodgepodge.
4	Level tracts 41 Moist.
42	Comparison word.
43	Song for one voice.
44	Measure.
45	Company.
46	Black.
47	To wander.
48	To scorch.

%


W:
unn
nrrifi
(Baa
a
SKAT

Donald Dickson nutshell.
midClWHO |:j
«wwa raiJinisa aranm
¦stare nramnw area-
a:sr.i!:ià«Mi:in ¦ unnmuM
nan
#
$
Erika Mann, daughter of Thomas Mann, and a famous writer and lecturer In her own right, will be heard in a quarter hour's talk on the present education of children In Germany, from Montreal and the Canadian network on
China Gets Ready For Long Conflict
49 Sound of
sorrow.
30 To flit
52	Instrument
53	Duration.
34 To place in
Builds New Nation In Interior Of Asia Beyond Reach of Jap Forces
without
forests.
5	Enthusiasm.
6	Bows.
7	Away.
8	Gibbons.
9	On the lee. 10 Machine
parts.
Monday, February 27, at 7 p.m. Miss Mann speaks from direct evidence as a result of a visit incognito to Germany In 1937. She disguised herself as a peasant and stole back to the Thomas Mann house in Munich to rescue the precious manuscript of her father's recently published novel “Joseph And His Brethren".
line.
55	New star.
56	She is one of the greatest of living
.57 She specializes® the music of---------». 11 Light brown. 51 Force.
China is building a new nation In the comparatively undeveloped interior beyond immediate reach of Japanese forces, utilizing credits extended her fljr Great Britain and the United States.
Well-informed persons, who disclosed this week for the first time what China was doing with the
$
TO BE HEARD—BBC broadcast, Lord Somers speaking to Boy Scouts of Canada, Feb. 23, 5.45 p.m.
CBC. A Young French Canadian looks at English Canada, a young English Canadian looks at French Canada, ‘‘National Forum" Feb. 26, ;a.00 p.m. CBC. Amos and Andy, special half hour broadcast, Feb. 27, 7 p.m. NBC, Robert Taylor, Jeanette MacDonald, “Screen Guild Show" Feb. 26, 7.30 p.m. CBS. Raymond Paige, 99 men and a girl, new series of shows heard for first time Tuee., Feb. 22, over CBS. Beethoven Symphony No. 1, Montreal Orchestra, March 2, 8.00 p.m. CBC. Bertha McGregor, only woman patent lawyer, guest “It Can Be
Done,” March 8, 10.30 p.m. CBS. Paul Leyssac, noted translator of Han# Andersen fairy tales, March 9, 11.16 p.m. CBC.
AROUND THE DIAL
Bert Lytell, native New Yorker who has been on the stage since early childhood and also been featured in leading screen roles, has been signed for a series of radio plays to be presented from NBC Radio City studios each Friday night over the NBC network from 10.30 to 10.45 p.m. The new series based on short short stories will be known as ‘‘Bert Lytell in Drama Time." F •	Vlv"
It is interesting to note in this verse, which records the itinerant work of these two missionaires and their return to Jerusalem, three different phrases indicating their preaching activity. In the first place, they "testified," which is the translation of a Greek word meaning to give solemn testimony to some great fact, to cause it to be believed. The second phrase "spoke the word of the Lord," would certainly indicate that they believed that they were proclaiming divine truth, a message given to them by the Lord and concerning the Lord. The last phrase, "preached the gospel,” comes from the word "evangelize," and so this , last phrase could read, "evangelized in many villages of the Samaritans.”
Ya
Ô



see
President Roosevelt, speaking before a Joint session of Congress on the 160th anniversary of the first Congress ever held in the United States, will be heard over the combined Blue and Red networks of th NBC and over the Canadian network on Saturday, March 4, from 12.00 noon to 1.00 p.m. mfj
22.	Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray the Lord, if perhaps the thought of thy heart shall be forgiven thee.
23.	For I see that thou art in the gall of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity. The ancients considered that the gall of noxious reptiles was the source of their venom, and Peter warms Simon that unless repentance comes he will become worse and worse until he becomes all venom.
24.	And Simon answered and •aid, Pray ye for me to the Lord, that none of the things which ye have spoken come upon me. Com-
with this serve the words:
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Good in Everything
Ô
€>
r
Y
C
it



s


fl *

P*"
?‘Like Pharaoh, Simon was fright-wed, but not reformed." He failed to see the right meaning of prayer. We must not go to God In supplication merely to escape judgment or wrath or penalty, but |e escape sin.
25. They therefore, when they k#d testified and spoken the word pf the Lord, returned to Jerosal and preached the gospel to many village of the Samaritans.

# #

IV




£
V/

9
m.
i



CHIT
i
###PAGE###8###
Si'
"vr
Cards of Thanks
! Lower Litchfield Couple 21 Found Guilty of S ! Assaulting Child


rsr

U

Clearing Sale of Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear
a
We desire to thank our many friend* of Shawville for their acts of kindness during our recent bereavement. Special thanks to Rev. Nurse, Rev. Fokes, Mr. Hynes and Hospital Staff.
Mrs. J. Dow*. Earl and Foster
Subjects for Five-minute Speeches At Shawville Short Course
March 27th to 31st
Gregory Toner and his wife, the I former Margaret Cole, of Lower Litchfield, were charged with assault ing their child, Mary “Buddy ' Toner, about years old, and causing serious bodily harm, at last Tuesday's session of the Superior Court at Campbell's Bay.
Dr S. J. McNally, who examined the child on Dee. 8 and Dec 0,
testified that she was in an ad	,	A , .. A ,
vanrai stage of rickets, under, ire part of our country s history. In
clad, the past young and old women alike on made at least one sampler, and I her body. Several witnesses were >ftcn more, during their lifetimes, heard.	Making these was a requirement in
. Avila La bel le, Crown Attorney, schools as well as at home. That asked for maximum penalty of object over which the girls had two years for the mother and the «oiled and groaned in early days same sentence, with the lash, tor assumed more value later and sam-
the father.	piers were carefully taken along to
I Judge Millar fount! them both ncw homes on marrying or moving | guilty and remanded them till
March 15 for sentence. The judge	..	.	.
declared such parents unworthy Actually, samp.er making is net to have children.	indigenous to America, for it first
appeared in England, but while ref-
The Danube River	erenccs to samplers were made in
The Danube river was, in the literature as early as 1502. the hey-day of steamboating before the first known was mode in 1610 by coming of the railroads, the only *^nn Cower who later moved to this connecting link between the Balkan country. There are, so far as 1 states of Turkey, Rumania, Bui- know, writes Rae Lewis in the garia and Serbia and the Austrian Washington Pest, scarcely mert empire. The Danube’s first traffic than half a dozen samplers of the boom was during the Crusades Seventeenth century left in th:t ; when 2,000 laden craft bound for country.
the Holy Land proceeded down it In the beginning, "sampler" was at one time. The early Greek mer- literally the name. There were re chants knew it and Herodotus called needlework books and every time a Mixed Curling Bonspiel	I Rev. R. J. Millar, Former	it the “greatest of rivers.'“ For 500 new stitch was learned from an old-
For W. A. Hodgins Trophy	Minister at Fort Coulongc Dies years Romans ruled it and it is er member of the family, or perhaps
The mixed bonspiel for the W.	'	interesting that no single people from a visitor or neighbor, it wa?
A. Hodgins trophy in which 20 V\ oid has been received by has controlled it since. A dozen “recorded," so to speak, for future rinks have engaged for over a friends nihort t nulonge of the towns along it are mentioned in the use on the individual sampler.
iiipf	mmm
The teams are as follows :	ern Ireland, he leceived his edu overthrow in the Seventeenth cen- tinent-woven materials, the narrow-
Rueben Smith, Mrs. .Tas. Gordon, ! cation at Queen’s University Bel- tury trade began to revive. In ness was probably because it was C II Mac Lean Mrs. K. Cameron, fast, where he graduated, later ] 1817 steam was introduced and soon unnecessary to show more of each skip-10	'	taking his Divinity studies at the the Danube over its 1,600 miles stitch. Lengths extended to three
\V A Hodgins Mrs. L Arm- Presbyterian College there. Mr. from Regensburg in Bavaria to the feet, sometimes, part being rolled strong. C A. Spence, Mrs. Wm. Millar came to Canada in 1912, and Black sea resembled the steam up while it was not being worked.
Gibson «kin-0	served churches at Richmond ami boat days on the Mississippi,
uiuson, Kip ..	j Grand Falls, N R., and at St An-
drew s Fast, Que. His last charge was at Fort Coulonge, where in was stationed "for seven two Retiring in 1984, he to
I
Sampler-Making Pioneer
Art for American Women
Contestants 14 years and under
1—How I spend my Winter evenings.
2 - Why 1 play games
3—	Interesting things about the Spring sea
4—	Electricity on the Farm
5—	My Hobby
Samplers, examples of needle art
Red Label, Pure Wool, Oombinationa
Regular’$3.50 for 82.96
I nourished ami improperly also that there were bruises
Gold Label Oombinationa
on
Regular $2.75 for 82.26
Gold Label Shirta and Drawera
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
Regular $1.60 for 81.25
Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 96 ct8.
1-	Farm Lite
2-	Should this district have a Community Wood lot ?
3-	Why 1 keep accounts
4-	Farm Cash Crops
5-	Care of the Dairy Utensils
Contestants 21 to 25 years, inclusive
1 Should certain Farms be subjected to Reforestation ?
2-	Should Shaw ville have a Tourist Camp?
3-	Why Beautify our Fair Grounds?
4-	Labour-saving Devices for the Modern Kitchen
5-	Care of Farm Machinery
to new localities

a
FC*
V
—'1
s;
&
Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
Regular 90 cts. for 69 cts.
Buy Now and Save at These [Reduced Prices
\
N
X
J
\
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and (Haberdasher
!
Shawville Bakery


I

For a tasty loaf try

Shawville Bread


Adobe Brick Sun-Dried;
Introduced by Spaniard:
Adobe, or "dote" as it is commonly called, is a sun-dried brick. The bricks are mode from a mixture of
Shawville Lady Curlers Win Over Ottawa Glebe
ears. Octopus Is Most Feared
by Small Sea Creatures
Dreaded by all small sea creatures is the octopus. It likes to
hide in crevices on the seabed and certain day loams, straw and wa-lie in wait for unsuspecting crabs tcr- The bricks are used in most and lobsters. Whenever a shellfish any type of structure, such as
-, VT ^	. %f .	. v> ,, daughter of Mr. mul Mrs. Harry upon the food, and there is very lit- The use of adobe was introduced |
Mrs. N. Drummond, Mrs. J. X forty me	shrtrp<? of Caldwell, at her funeral	tie chance for any sea creature thus	to America by the Spaniards in the	|
Miss M. Cochrane,	Mrs. K \\. Douglas	011 Thursday afternoon, from her	caught to escape. The octopus has	|Sixteenth century, according to a	»
Mrs. A. McKay,	Mrs. P. K. Leduc	jate |lorae to Shawville United	a'powerful, beak-like mouth, and	correspondent in the Rural New-	1
‘sk,P— 1	j Church, where service was cotv	below two unwinking eyes, set in a	Yorker. They taught the Indians of	S
Mr«..M A-Day	ducted by Rev. R. F. Hilton, of the	soft body; eight arms, or tentacles,	I Peru, Mexico and Arizona how tc	B
Mrs. U. McLachlm	Bristol Ridge Pentecostal Mission,	’cur] restlessly about in the water,	make and use it in building. Most	gj
Mrs. H. Johnston	assisted by Rev. Geo. Deans of the	These whiplike arms are covered	of the Spanish missions built in Cal-	I
Mrs. H. Towlson Shawville Pentecostal church, h	f strong suckers along ifornia, from 1770 to 1823, were built H
The Radford Ladies Aid held a , Rnd Mrs. Weaver sang as a duet the suckers outward ready for a socia1 evening at the home of .Jrhe Unbroken Circle*. Inter- pounce
Mr and Mrs. Uias. Chamber an, llltmt was made in Maple Grove But one of the strangest facts on Friday night, February -1th. cemeteryi	about	the octopus is the way it
when quite a number assembled j|1Fi |,lte Miss Sharpe had been breathes. Its whole body throbs and spent a very sociable time y m for some months and passed slowly with breath-beats and wa-the playing ut games ami	away at her home Tuesday at the ter is taken in at the same time to
¦esse
Lndies’ Aid wish to take this Gerald Grant, James Telford. Len'ble. loo, the arms are held together opportunity to ask you to accept j)ohelty Arnott Homer, bdward so they trail behind the body-but this little gift as a token ot our A|exanJer	even then the octopus travels back-
esteem ami appreciation of over Among the floral tributes were, wards. Thus, in order to go for-hi teen years ot faith till -ei vice a> wreaths—The Family : Mr. and ward, the creature must face oppo-1 resident ami a h bee ret hi y. ^'Mrs. Norris Horner ; Mrs. Harry site to the direction it wants to go. who have worked with you know |VVhi Ml< Romes Largue;
tl.at a great measure of the sue- G, d and Lois si.arpe ; Violet.	-
cess which the Aid has attained m „	^ Mary Doherty: Alice,
its various objectives has been due Rm and Evelyn Rorner :	Miss V.
to your untiring efforts. \\e sin- 8trutt and pnpils 0f Shawville cerely hope you will long be able Rioh School *
to take the same interest as here* *	—
tofore, and wishing you the very best in health and happiness for the future. Signed on behalf of the Ladies’ Aid.

I
On Thursday night la-t
rinks from Glebe Ladies’ Curling residence at Laclmte.
Club, Ottawa, were guests of the He is survived by his widow Shawville Ladies' Club for friend- two;sous and two daughters ly game» which resulted in a win for the locals by a total score of 22-14.
up
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
>
f
>
Miss Winona Pearl Sharpe
>
Glfre
Mrs. J. W. Tuttle
Shawville Mrs. G. T. Paul
i
DALE’S TINSHGP
Skip—15
Mrs. L. Kelly, Mrs. M. Hodgins Mrs. E. Hodgins, Mrs. T. Shore,
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
f
Skip— 7
k
Adobe is used quite extensively ir the arid Southwest for all types of building. This is due to the fart that it is cheaper for building: he cause the cash outlay for materials is rot large, and as the ordinary workman is skilled in this type of construction, the labor cost is low Another great advantage is that adobe is a very poor conductor of heat; therefore an adobe house is much cooler in summer and warmer in winter, than an ordinary house Adobe is also fire resistant and durable. Old Spanish missions built ot adobe, that has been covered with plaster for protection, have stood for centuries.

Maple Syrup Equipment

Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment 7 If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes

i
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
History of Arbor Day
The founder of Arbor dav was J Sterling Morton, a Nebraska politician and secrrt.arv nr.d act;rn governor of the territory in 1873. Ir January, 1872. at a meeting of the Nebraska state board.of agriculture he introduced a resolution se*tir.c aside April 10 for tree piant’ng and on that date more than 1.(100 00f trees were planted throughout the state. In 1885 the Nebraska legislature passed an act changing the tree-planting date to April 22. Morton’s birthday, and making it a lega holiday
founding of Arbor day in Nebraska Kentucky and Tennessee adopted the idea. Ohio and North Dakota followed in 1882. Arbor day Is ar event in the calendar of every one of the states, but there is no uniformity of that date In some states it is a fixed one. while in others the day is set by proclamation of the governor or by county school superintendents.
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,



DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, DUE.

Names Elbridge, Eldridge
Have Different Meanings
Differing by only one letter and sounding so much alike that it is difficult to distinguish them from each other, the names Elbridge and
ÇciJSJSI^'BJEEEJafSfEJÈfaiE®
Where Men Wear Veils
In the Tuareg tribes of the Saharr Eldridge nevertheless have entirely desert men wear veils until only the different meanings, writes Florence eyes are exposed, but for no relig- A. Cowles in the Cleveland Plain ious or stylish purpose. The custom Dealer, is founded in necessity—to keep Elbridge is of Anglo Saxon org:n blowing sand from lungs, says a and means "dweller at the little writer in the Washington Post. Sc bridge," a place name which vas firmly is the custom established, the first a surname and is row also used men refuse to appear—sand or re sand—in any public spot without the lower folds of their turbans hiding their features. Even Paris was sur-
The Members.
Mis. Armstrong although taken very much by surprise, thanked all in a few very fitting words, all joined in singing, “For She’s a Jolly Good Fellow”. Refreshments were then served by the ladies of the Aid, bringing a very’enjoyable evening to a close.
Three years after the
Reductions on
Memorials
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and Penetrates
in
as a given r.arr.e Elbridge Gerry (1741-1314) was a signer of the Declaration of Inde pendence, governor of Marsacliu setts and vice president of the United States. His name gave rise to the political term gerrymander denoting an unfair division of elec toral districts. When governor, h* signed a bill dividing the state into new senatorial districts bringing many Federalist votes into one dis
trictWNBBÊBBBNB000000000
shaped like a huge salamander and Placer Mining	someone coined for it the word
, J .. .	.	, In placer mining from alluvial de 1 gerrymander,
year-* ago. In religion, she was an posits lhe gold-bearing gravel is i Eldridge T. Gerry (1837-1927).
En first shoveled down a sluice whose 'grandson of the foregoing, was a
£rlL> V& E	, %% eursrsrMse
Ül Ln J oîbi. ï »M p.rticles of gold dust ,nd ,1 V, Cru.lt, to Ch.Mr.n
«2ss&	ar flrysws: a sasas
J. A. Koran of Ottawa.	from the slilice and washed in a /'mature counselor" and its Anglo-
The funeral was held on Friday prospector s pan. Large flakes are Saxon meaning, "fearful, terrible." afternoon. 24th inst. from the easily picked out, but the dust is related to the adjective eldritch parlors of George H. Rogers. Lim- amalgamated in mercury and later | Eldridge is another form of El-ted, to Beech wood cemetery for separated, usually, by straining the dred or Eldredge and related on nteiuaent.	mixture through a chamois.	the Teutonic side to the word elder.
Marble and Granite
Mrs. John Stark
Following a lengthy illness, the prised when a couple of visiting death occurred Wednesday, Feb- tribesmen appeared fully veiled. 01 ruary 22nd, of Mrs. John Edward , obscure origin, Tauregs are tall and Star* at her residence, 92 Glonees- well built. Their skin is reddish-ter street, Ottawa. The lute Mrs. yellow, deeply browned by ex-Stark was in lier flOth year.	posure. They call themselves Imo-
Born in Eardley, she was the shagh, "the noble people." Arabs former Eleanor J. Graham. Ta call them "People of the Veil." daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.
Johnston Graham. She resided at Shawville and Campbells Ba before moving to Ottawa some

It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
23 cts.
Per Bottle
2 for 45 cts
»
OkAoK^oxCv
One of the districts wa?
e
Hi
'S
WUl
/
>
Ï2
f
Made In Canada
THE CORNER STORE
No writing. No money orders. No bother. Just call or phone. 100% live delivery guaranteed.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg â Poultry Association BRISTOL, OÜB
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
QUE.
Shawville
Marble * Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
SHAWVILLE.

i
1
