###PAGE###1###
;
4
I $1.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United Stat
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 19.19
No 44, 56th YBAB
s
60WLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN
Shawrilltf Community Hospital, no Wednesday. Apnl 10th. to Mr. and Mr». Kenneth Smith, of Campbell's Bay; QneM a daughter, Elizabeth Gall
MARRIED,
PERSONAL MENTION
Adiua Rebokah Lodge pnrpote holding * mixed dance on Friday night, May 5th, m the Theatre Hall. AdmUbion, 35 cents.
WANTED-Car load of grade milch cow». For farther par tic u-
lu es Hpplly to Leonard Helsher, Shaw ville. Phone 80.
The April meeting of the United W. M S. will be held In the Sunday School room with Mias Amelia
in charge, and a
Mi»-
Shawvllle Hardware
Smith—At
Mr. And Mrs. Wellington Howard visited friends in Ottawajover the weekend.
Rev. T. E. R. Nurse is attending the annual Synod this week, in Montreal.
Mr. and Mrs. Chae. W. D*gg, of Ottawa, were Sunday guests of the latter’s father, Mr. W. A. Hodgine.
Mr. Gradon Masson, of Montreal, spent the week-end with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. 3. Masson.
Cerner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa. Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Clean up Time
- - is - -
Paint up Time
Clarke -Schofj eld
A very pretty wedding was solemnized at the home of Rev. and Mrs. A. Schofield, at Decker, Man, on Saturday, April 8th, when their daughter. Verna Elizabeth, became the bride of Mr. ¦The Equity was pleased to have William George Clarke, only son a call on Thursday afternoon last of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas L Clarke, from an old school friend, Mr. Sea- of Fox warren, Man. The brides ford McDonald, of Vancouver, father officiated. ¦ 1	I
B. C. Mr. McDonald left Shaw- The wedding music was played vide about thirty-five years ago by Mrs. Keith Smith, and the and except for a brief visit here bride entered the room on the arm on his way overseas during the 0f her grandfather, Mr. Snnley, Gieat War, has not been back to of Isabella, Man , who gave her his old home town. Seaford re in marriage. During the signing ports that his parents. Mr. and 0f the register, Mrs. Smith sang, Mrs. Alex McDonald, who reside **I Love You Truly”, in Vancouver, are enjoying good The bride was becomingly health and are still interested in dressed* in pale blAe crepe, and
the doings of Shawville- Mr. Me wore a wreath of orange blossoms.
Donald, senior, it will be remem Mrs. Schofield, mother of the bered by our older citizens, carried bride, wore a dress of flowered onRmonument business hero for crepe.	"3
some years, selling out a short Following the ceremony time before the devastating fire of tet luncheon was served September
Smarts group	.
special program given by the
sion Band, k _
,BÏ",'sK"il.. pES». 7Ï=“» t».
W. K. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
$1.20 per quart
1.00 “
S. W. P. Brand,
Family Brand,
Mar-Not Floor Enamel, 1.35 “ Semi-Luster Enamel,
a
a
HARLAND 0. ROW AT
mm
The exact cause of the blaze »
IISIbIb
covered by insurance.
1.50 44
a
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Okfick — In the G. F. Hodglns Building Main Street, Que.
«
1.40 “
w% Wagon & Implement,
Varnish, Paint Oil, Lead, Dry Colours,
Paint Brushes
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
P.8,—-Just Received Car National Cement
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
a btif-
immediate relatives of the contracting paities, and later in the evening a reception was held.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarke will take up residence at Fox warren, Man.
Shawvllle Y. P. U. to Stage
Musical Comedy
¦
nbove du tes for a most enjoyable
evening of fun and mu-K*.
Est. C. J? Caldwell
Change In Fair Dates
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL.B . C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
A regular meeting of the Directors of C. P. A. 9., No. 1, liici	Æ .
dates of Shawvllle Fair were set Farewell Party Tendered for Sept. 28. 29, and 30. one week Mr. Claire Hyndman Inter than formerly advertised. |	—
On Monday evening prtop departure from Shaw ville,
Main Street
Hull, Que.
Phone, Sher. 1354
to his
one hundred friends gathered at Wilson’s Hr\ll fora farewell party ’ in honor of Mr. 31are Hyndman. popular member of the staff of the local office of the Bank of Nova Scotia, who has been transferred to Beach burg, Ont.
During the evening, which was pleasantly spent in dancing and card*. Mr Hyndman, WAS tin-recipient of gifts from the Badminton Club, the Hockey Club and Ins many friends The gifts were presented by His Worship, Mayor G. G McDowell, who made an appropriate but brief address. Tin* gift f\ m the Badminton Cliff> was a utility kit ; from the Hockey Club » combination cigarette case and lighter, suitably Engraved, and from his many
friends a kodak.
Mr Hyndman came jko Shawvllle
from his home in South Mountain about three years ago, and due to his all around good a portion inship in athletics and his amiable disposition in social circles he gained a great many friends who wish him much success and happiness in.his new place of residence.
At Pôntia House, Sbawviile, Que e ’»ry Friday evening.
jOj&
Advance Opening Date For Trout Season to April 29th	'(00001
The season for speckled trout in Quebec and Ontario will open April 29th this year Instead of May l*t, the normal opening date, the Dominion Department of Fisheries announced last Friday.

rjf*
% -f.
SMART HEW
DRESSES
.V
»
'V i
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUEBEC
B. A

• #


4
Honored by Parkman Guild

fc
N

Branch at Qoyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matter# dealt with by correspondence
' /
lu vieXV of her departure from tlio district to reside in Ottawa. Mrs. Vivien Hose was the gue-t honor at the home of Mrs. rien Smart, on Thursday nfternoou. when members ot Parltnmn Ladies Guild presented her with a table
lamp.
The presentation ¦¦¦¦¦
Mrs. Robt. Smart, while an appro priate address was read by Rev. Tho< Legett, to which Mrs. Rose
replied fittingly.
1 f linty refreshments were served hy the ladies present.
A good selection that includes most of tlie new ppring shades. Smartly designed frocks that you’ll be delighted to
We invito your
a f
Mrs. Geo. Sparling Dies After. Lengthy Illness
' Dr. R. E. DAGG
Following a lengthy illness the death occurred ThmWay evcnfrtg at lier-home, Main Street. Shaw-ville, of Mrs. George Shading, at the advanced age of 83 years.
Mrs. Sparling was fot met ly Miss Sophia Mean, and was iront at Radford in 1850, the daughter of the late Oliver Bean and his wife. Mary Cameron. She wap married in 1889 to George Sparling, who predeceased her 14 years ago. She had been a resident ot Shaw ville for the past 18 years, and was highly respected by all who knew her.
Left to mon i'll are two daughters, Mrs. Herbert N. Hod g in*, of Murrell1* Clarendon, end Mrs. Hector Telford, who resided with mmmmmm also one brother. Alex Bean, of Stalk's Corners, and three sisters, Mis. William Fultz, of Renfrew ; Mrs. Arthur Stevens, of Toronto, and Miss Alice Bean, of Radford.
The funeral was held on Saturday afternoon, from the late home of the deceased, to the United Church, of which the deceased was devout member. Service was conducted by her pastor, Rev. A. F. Fokes, who preached impressively from the text, Psalms 10 :11—“Thou wilt shew me the path of life : iu thy presence is fulness of joy ; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.” As a special anthem the choir s ing * In Emmanuel's Land.
Interment was made at Maple Grove Cemetery, the pill-bearers being. Messrs. Neil Sparling, Roy Sparling, Lionel Martin, W. C. Schwartz, Thos* Bean and Gordon Chamberlain.
Floral tributes included the following Pillow—Mr. and Mrs. Hector Telford and family ; Wreath— Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Hodgins and family ; Spray— Shaw ville United Church.
l
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
t

was made by
wear inspection

/
*»
t &
PLATEAU 638 8
I
$3.95	$4.95

i ,
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
U
$6.50
.
I l
Shawvllle Women's Institute
Shaxvvtlle Women’s ¦ met at the High School ou Monday evening, April 24th, "ith Mrs. C H. Mac-Lean, vice president
in the chair.
The meeting opened with repeating the Apostle's Creed iru unison. Minutes of last meeting read hy the secretary, Mrs. A. Draper, were adopted
Delegates appointed to attend the Provincial Convention at Macdonald College were: Miss Irene Shaw and Mrs. R A Hodgins ; to the County Convention, Mrs Austin McDowell and Mrs. A Draper.
An interesting address on ‘Home Economics” was given by Mr. K. P Eades.
Hostesses were and Misa Win nil red McDowell.
f

Institute

Fabric Gloves
Y arm Store Damaged by Fire
About $500.00 damage*.was caused by fire at the store and residence of Mr. Joseph Kilgonr, at Yarm, early Friday evening'of last week.
Quick work of neighbours saved the building which has served the community for a great many years as post office and store. Mr. Kilgour discovered smoke coming from the flooring between the store and the rooms upstairs, and before assistance could be ^called this had spread to the side Avails. Neighbours helped to remove everything from the store and home, while'others chopping into the walls and roof quenched the flames by aid of a bucket brigade The damage is covered by insurance.
BELAIR 3257
her mother ;
D. J. CAMPBELL
A
;\
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAW VILLE
<A2

Phone 91.

i
(i
•V
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
Mrs. T. Shore

7
Sb aw ville Community Boys' Band

The Boys’ Band has notv been organized for nearly nine months, and, as those who were present at the last conceit can testify, the boys have made wonderful progress in that time. However, as they improve, so do the needs for new equipment increase. A complete set of drums, at a total cost of $110.00 has just been .purchased, the balance unpaid being $8*-.o0 Also, they are in immediate need
of suitable chairs, and they will need «considerable amount of new
music before Ion*. It is hoped that the Band will be filling many engagements this suram*r*and Shawville will naturally want to
be well represented.^ _	_ \
The boys ^ have worked very hard during the winter with no reward for their hours of practice, and have paid for their own instructions from their own pockets.
The Committee, therefore, wish to take this opportunity of appealing for donations, so that the B ind may start out this spring fully equipped and free of debt.
The following donations previ- • ou sly received are gratefully ae homestead^^
‘y*»-.«!..... »«• ssazreit;
B H. Cochrane......... jJJ	deceased, to North	Onflow Roman
W. A. Hodgins ......... 10	00	patherJ. Salmon.	Interment wne
N. S; Horner............ |	00	m„de ln the parish	cemeV
W. G.^Cowan ^........... ‘	52	The pail-benrera	were :

dome styles.
Soft, Suede finihb, in Bros«er sewn Beautifully ta doted, several smart new shades.
Ladies see these at..
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
« 9
JAMES A. MILLAR

LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’a Hotel, CampbelPsBay,
every Wednesday morning.
B. A
.... 50 cts.
• e
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
see
MEDICAL- ARTS BUILDING
^29 Main St.,
ISO METCALF* STREET,
OTTAWA. - ONT.
RHONE. 2-7911
Ladies’ Purses
Mrs Richard Murdoch
A smart new line of Ladies Bags all the latests shades and designs. Black patents, new leather tan shades, etc.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Xttfts&si Of Psatlsc
SHAWVILLE
The death occurred at her late residence in North Bristol, of Mrs. Richard Murdock, on Sunday, April 16tb, in her 86th year.
Her roiiiden name was Bridget ijor, daughter of the late Mr.
married to Richard predeceased her about 20 years «gO.___	'	____
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
room, 2 -22

J far -
QUE.

)
tas MAIN STREET,
$1.96 $2.50
Ma
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’» Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.nr.

jor. She was Murdock, who

an
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

e-

m
Left to mourn her loss, are two Ephraim and Thomas J., and daughter, Alice, all on the
X


B3PRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

Lt’d
W. A. Hodgin
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
REPRESENTING
M'JTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA . g :: Phont 20-7, R. 1, Shawville, Qn#

t
QUEBEC
SHAWVILLE,
SHAWVILLE - UE
###PAGE###2###
c
Orange Pekoe Blend
Sculptress Has Modelled Quints
# SERIAL STORY
SMASHUP

HIT-RUN LOVE
COPWIOHT. IIM NIA SIRVICS. INC#
in the dark
Mum. Silvercniyi of New Yotfc, Also Complete* Bust Of Dr. Defoe
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN

A
A
HOLDUP
CHAPTER XV
A suppressed air of excitement hung over the traffic court. Groups of people clustered together eyeing the judge’s closed door from which somehow a hint of unexpected developments had crept forth.
Inside Pat still sat on the big leather sofa near the window. Someone had thrown a wrap oyer her shoulders which sagged with a weariness not all physical. The gentle spring breeze blew against her damp forehead, bringing her back from the gray, misty world cf near-forgetfulness into which she had slipped.
She wondered dully what they were doing. It might be that she was seeing this rom for the last time today. Perhaps she would be fired. It wasn’t at all impossible, she thought, recalling again the blank astonishment on the laces of Tom and Church when she had stammeringly exploded the bombshell of her knowledge.
“Of course wo Insist,” Church «aid annoyed. ‘‘Good heavens, you yfork here. You know court proced-
Flve days were sufficient for Mme. Suianne Silrercruys, distinguished New York sculptress and lister of Baron Stlvercruys, Belgian minister to Canada, to finish life-sized busts of the Dionne quintuplets and Dr. A. R. Dafoe.
“It was wonderfully interesting,” she said. “Last year I motored to that part of the country and went to Callander to see the children. They were so cute that I considered the Idea of making busts of them to be used by the guardians record of their growth and
in the day
lire.”
* Too. well,” she said. “If he does pome here he tells the truth, you understand.”
The man’s eyes narrowed. “That la what we want. The truth can’t hurt us.”
Pat studied him for another long second. “1 see now that you believe in your client, Mr. Church. Apparently he hasn't taken you as much in his confidence as he has me. My brother, you see, didn’t go qear Larry's car that evening. He knows nothing about It. I’m telling you the real fact. My brother will not come down here and lie. That Is why he isn't here now. He can’t help your case."
Church half turned toward Lar-“1 don't understand this at all. My client is your fiance; surely you want to help him—”
“Be was my fiance,” she correct-
‘but not now. I can’t
LAUGHS
around the clock
“Nursery Stock” Stored Carefully

He rely breathed there o men more impulsive them Joe Sandhem a girl mere fiery than KeHy Archer ... a creek more extreordi-nary
Weasel. Something was bound to happen when those thief met end it did. Edwin Rut* brings you the story in a brend-new kind of serial, an hilarious force comedy
Dominion Dept, of Agriculture Officials Discover Bassinette, Layette In Package From England.

The Secrets
& ,
Good Looks
as a
development. At the same time. It was Intended to show their character and personality. They are wonderfully bright and each with different character and personality. My experience with them was of thrilling Interest. As for Dr. Dafoe, a bust of whom I also made, he la a wonderful man to have saved the lives of all these children.”
Mme. Sllvercruys has gone to New York until tb; end of April, to finish in her studio there a monument that she is making for Shaw-
than Ed, tha
When a package labelled “nursery stock” arrives in Canada, It Is put to one side for attention of plant protection Inspectors of the Dominion Department of Agriculture. Last year they Inspected millions of plants and flowers from 42 countries under the “nursery stock” category, looking for insects and plant diseases.
Kept At Right Temperature Department officials last week received an unusual report from their inspectors at Halifax. When the liner Ausonla docked f jm England last week it carried a package labelled “nursery stock”, which as a matter of routine was carefully stored at the proper temperature for tender young plants until the inspectors arrived.
“Nursery stock” was right — inspectors found the package contained one infant's wicker bassine ette and one complete hand made layette, all consigned to a Toronto address.
h

HW
ry.
HANDS AND FEET
No woman should neglect her hands and feet, although they are, alas! so often forgotten, kept hands are so lovely, whilst a little care of the feet repays us in added comfort.
Look after your nails regularly. Use a waxy base underneath your nail varnish. This protects the nails and keeps them from splitting and drying out.
Give your hands and wrists a weekly dip in warm olive oil. Keep your Hands as clean as possible. Wash them with Palmolive soap, and then rub them well with Italian balm. The more often you use lotion on the hands, the smoother and whiter they'll become.
This little exercise will keep your wrists supple; place elbows on a low table, relax wrists and fingers and, without moving elbows, describe circles with your hands. Bend hands backward as far as possible, then forward. Repeat fifteen times.
Tired feet bring worried lines to the face—more wrinkles! Wear properly fitting footwear.
Many readers ask me how to disposa of corns. The quickest and most effective method is to get a good corn plaster.
To relieve tired feet, rub them with a lotion made up of 1 ox. of spirit of camphor and 2 ois. surgical spirit.
Write me for personal beauty advice. Detailed leaflets on the following subjects may be obtained for 3c stamp each; Face, Eyes, Hands, Feet, Bust, Superfluous Hair, Underweight, Reducing la Spots.
Please write direct to: Miss Barbara Lynn, 73 West Adelaide St., Room 421, Toronto, Ont
ed gently,
stand by a man who Is guilty and who is willing to ask my brother to lie to prove his Innocence."
Finish It Out
The gray mist swirled around the court again. Voices came from a great distance, welled and faded, and Larry's smile stood out, only it was no longer a smile, but a frightened twist of the lips. The pencil slipped from her wet fingers, the in the notebook crackled as she tried vainly to grasp them
If she had only herself to consider; but there was the family, the shame of tailing them, the plans the boys had of working during the summer on jobs Larry had promised, her mother's sorrow when neighbors would mention the affair and look question-
they offered sympathy.
woufd
lnigan Falls.
Well-
Marital Quarrels
Mostly Financial
i
1
COMING SOON Watch For It!
Husband and wife disagree more over financial matters than any other question, E. H. Lott of Louisiana State University declared.
He based his statement on interviews with 362 university students.
Lott said parents quarreled most about expenditures for thing outside the home but declared children brought them closer together. Selection of radio programs caused the second most disagreements, he said.
ingly as
For of course everyone know. She was prepared for that.
And Tom—she gave a moan, drawing the wrap closer around her shoulders when a shiver passed over her despite the warm air pouring into the room from the sunny out-of-doors. She hadn't even been able to look at him. She was afraid to, anyway, she admitted. What was there he could think, but that she had been such a coward, a traitor to have waited all these hours while he stubbornly fought for a conviction which she could so easily have made possible.
A twinge of sympathy for Larry went through her heart. Larry, too, was sitting down. He was over across the room with big Officer Burke standing beside him, and he was watching the attorneys and detectives.
Desk Sergeant Timothy O'Shea came in the room bringing her a fresh glass of water. “Sure now don't be lookin' as though you'd lost y'er last friend," he whispered. “It's a brave girl ye arc, for the lad was your sweetheart, wasn't he?"
“Not any more, Tom," she said, sipping the water. “It's all over now."
papers
little
semeed a drear place. But losing Tom made her see what real love
was.
for support.
Someone's arm was around her, someone was carrying her into the judge's chamber. She tasted water, felt the coolness of fresh air come streaming through an open window upon her face.
“Get smelling salts — she's coming around —" Church was fanning her ineffectually with a brief.
Yes. she was all right. Strength was flowing back into her body and strengthening so she could turn toward him.
“I've been a coward," she said. 'But I have to finish this now. waited as long as I could. I thought some sort of miracle would happen. Right up to the end I thought that Larry would do the right thing. But he failed me. He's guilty. You ¦ee he told me the truth. Tolu me the truth himself, and thought that [ loved him so much I would be willing to carry through his lie.'’
Church turned toward the chair and sat down like a marionette being pulled suddenly by strings. His shocked face turned toward Tom. “It's all news to me, Sweeney, I give you my word. I thought he lied told me everything. I thought we had the case won. I was even willing to put him on the stand if necessary. Give me time to straighten all this out—"
Tom nodded. “Sure — but make him understand he’s going to have some explaining to do. If necessary the court can put this new witness on the stand."
Pat felt weighed down with unnumbered bonds. She wanted to look at Tom, but fear of what she would read in his eyes made her hide her face In her trembling hands. •
To lose him was bitter because Tom had not failed her. It was she who had failed. Everything about him was the same, all she could admire. And she knew what failing someone meant. Her own love hadn't survived the test, so how could she expect Tom's love for her to last.
The men seemed to have reached some sort of a decision. They stood up, turned toward Larry while Tom spoke.
“You see, Kent, the whole situation has changed, but we want you to clearly understand your rights. You don’t have to take the stand. You can rest the case on the people’s evidence and permit the jury to make the decision. Or you can go ahead and take the stand as your attorney says he warn prepared to have you do.
“If you submit to cross-examination it won't be a picnic due to these new developments. If you want Church to continue the case you may as well know that this witness," pointing toward Pat but not looking at her, “will also take the stand and give her information which, I gather, you know about."
Pretty Important Evidence
Larry’s eyes swung over to Pat. His face was white, the muscles in his jaw tense, the pupils in his blue eyes drawn to pin-points. He stared at her frightened face.
“She can’t tell anything that will hurt me," he insisted bitterly.
Pleasantly Plump Figures Favored
Suspender Jacket Dress
Are On The Threshold Of Fashion — Very Slim Silhouette Seen Going Out.
Permits Interesting Quick Changes
4
2127
i
There is much Interest just now In the question as to whether a “pleasant plumpness" Is on the fashion threshold. One report says, “Certainly modern thinness looks very skinny In a strapleks gown.” Certainly, also, the well-developed bust-line which has been the fashion during the last year, has been attained without a feminine revolution, so why not follow with the well-rounded hips definitely acknowledged. They have, of course, been hinted at strongly and with the waistline reduced more and more, there is every reason for designers to consider seriously the wide hip question as perhaps the newest and most rational change of silhouette to give interest to a new season. The question is, do designers dare get so completely away from the ideal of slimness which has become a fashion fetish?
sizes
6 -14

v
V
m

ï


t
à
She Who Failed
There wasn't much that wasn't over, she thought again. Knowing Tom had cared for her had lessened the ache of losing Larry, of the disillusionment that came from knowing his weakness. But Tom’s love had also been a thing of yesterday. That, too, must be all over. Looking at him, stern and engrossed, she felt that life had become an empty, futile thing. Losing Larry had been hard. At moments when she understood what he had done to her the world
l
Heap Big Chocolate
Indian

1
I
/
m
(To Be Concluded)
y Frances Lee Barton
AVB you a Boy Scout or a Girl Scout In your home? It so, they are sure to be off “over
the hills and far away” these fine weekends — and that means a lunch to be packed. Woe betide you If you fall to tuck In amid the more solid fare, a sweet • tooth appeaser! For this wind-up to the hiker’s meal, nothing Is better than a Chocolate Indian — except two Chocolate Indians.
Chocolate Indians
% cup sifted cake flour; % teaspoon double-acting baking powder; % teaspoon salt; # cup butter or other shortening; 1 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted; 1 cup sugar; 8 eggs, well beaten; % cup finely cut dates; % cup chopped walnut meats, toasted; 1 teaspoon vanilla
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift again. Add butter to chocolate and blend. Add gradually sugar to egg# beating thoroughly; then chocolate mixture and blend. Add flour and mix well; then dates, nuts, and vanilla. Bake In two greased pans, 8x8x2 Inches, In moderate oven (880e F.) 85 minutes. Cut in squares before removing from pan. Makes 4 dosen Indiana.
I
7 <
N»
O /
% A
H
Air Stewardesses' Pleasant Duties
^ •

Household Science
11
f

i

»
«
Aboard Trans-Canada Airlines’ Planes They Serve Light Meals For Passengers, Look Out For Safety Of All.

:
KATHERINE BAKER
! BEE HIVE Syrip
V * is the Ideal
6%

» X
Jh

1*
By LOUISE LENNOX
A little double purpose costume with suspender skirt, soft blouse and bolero jacket that’s becoming to chubby girls and slim ones. It permits such interesting changes of costume. It's equally smart without the jacket. It is made of sturdy cotton in powder blue. The contrasting white blouse has red dots and white ruffling at the neck and sleeves. You'll sew it in a jiffy ... at a pleasingly low price. The pattern can be used for separate suspender skirts and blouses Style No. 2127 is designed for sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. Size 8 requires 1% yards of 89-inch material for jumper; 1 yard of 39-inch material for blouse; and % yard of 35-inch material for bolero.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St, Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to State Size.
The stewardess aboard a TransCanada plane sits at the back of the cabin and has full authority over the travellers while In the air. She makes sure safety belts are attached and that no one Is smoking dur ug tafe-offs and landings. One can smoke while the plane is in fi ght.
Graduate Nurses
The stewardess distributes cigarettes with the airline’s compliments and If anyone is air sick, she looks after them competently, as stewardesses are all registered nurses.
Two light meals are served on the flights each way with fruit Juice, cereal and c rolls and coffee and a lunch of sandwiches, cake and coffee. The coffee Is carried In large thermos bottles and the meals are prepared by the stewardesses and served on small trays.
Have Charm And Affability
The stewardesses are from 81 to 26 years old mnd have been choeen notably for their beauty, charm rnd blllty.
They all left nursing because air travel made a modern and what romantic appeal to them. Alt have decided against marrying for at least three years.

sweetener on j your morning ' cereal because It Is easier to digest




*
!

wSmâ

tm
K*

V *à t

K
W '

1
»
*
6EE HIVl

i '
j
##
O

"•*

TRY IT TOMORROW

f
4
atil
ukfaat
îream.
bre
STOP
THAT THROBBING PAIN OF



NEURALGIA
w>
As a rule, we are apt to speak of and regard anything old-fash- , ioned slightingly. Even though many of our styles In clothes today are strikingly similar to those worn by our grandmothers, we don't reject them because, being in style now, they are “modern". But here is something which is definitely “old-fashioned"—with no apologies.
Nut Loaf is one instance where “if it was good enough for grandmother, it's good enough for me."
1 cup sugar 3 eggs, unbeaten 1 cup finely cut nut meats 6 tablespoons milk 1 teaspoon vanilla Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift together three times. Cream butty thoro
m
WOMEN WHO SUFFER I
and your days weary with the gnawing ache and pain of this annoyii* afilio-tion? Don’t suffer any longer. Mcntholatum brings quick relief. This famous family remedy has helped
JF you suffer (rom

ness,backache .headaches and painful
et
-v write Prescription WJ beneficial. It
IF YOU FEEL SUNK
y ou will Pierce’s Fa
ughly, add sugar gradil-and dream together uhtil and fluffy. Add eggs, one at
(¦¦¦¦	¦ and children
the world over. Your own doctor wil tell you bow beneficial it is. So get g 30 cent tube or jar of Meetbolatum today. Apply a tittle
This Old Fashioned

a time, besting throughly aftd/r each Add ndÿi and blend Add fleur, albfrnaWqr
uat ft a
after each addition
fierce the disco»-
-m
forts of the etrual period, cabas
the area
Pharaoh’s Honey
la Egypt archaeologists dug up ! honey thousands of years old.
with milk, a
by neuralgia . Qmek rd uf ii
S»tiy
m a
OLD FASHIONED NUT LOAF 2 cups sifted cake flour r 2 teaspoons double-acting bak-
i*t powétr
SSv
Mrs. Willi.n,

SrS&
Col
%
goodt to eat It wasn't till Had eaten most of It that they
r,
My
m
pan 8x4gS taches, In even (360*F.) 1 hour and 1$ utee, or until done.

»
salt
W*
rgaltaed It had been used for

¦Z
Fo
S/S cup butter or other shorten-
1 fell

B
lag

###PAGE###3###
X
f —
¦V
His grandfather, father, unc“
brother and two coueine ha
been killed following riding l
dents, Johannes J. Erasmus of
Bloemfontein, South Afrka, has rowed nevdr to ride a horse aga&
ter the udder is empty, and that a proportionately decreasing amount is secreted In the hours that follow before the next milking. Most of the high record producing cows are milked three times per day, and some of them four time#.
Four Copies Kept Of Magna Charta
organisation within the Industry with such support by the Government of Csnada as would give the Industry an opportunity to solve Its own problems.
"I suggest that organisation means the development of a national policy for agriculture,” he said, i policy that when once it Is formed will have the support of those within the Industry. That policy should provide a means of handling agricultural surpluses without Impoverishing those who produced them end a means of bringing a larger share of the national Income to that one-third of the people of Canada engaged In agricultural Industry.”
i vin>
Would Improve * Cheese Quality
Sunday School
Document Was Drawn Up 724 Years Ago Establishing Legal Rights Of English Peof >.
Premier Hepburn Sees Opportunity To Offset Loss On Butter Output
Lesson
By WHMam
Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON IV
Paul Wins Recognition For Gentile
CHRISTIANS
Acte 16:1-36; Galatians 2:1-10 Printed Text, Acts 15:23b-29; Gil.
* 2:1, 2, 9, 10
Golden Text — "A man Is not Justified by the works of the law, but through faith In Jesus Christ/' Gal. 2:16.
The Lesson In Its Setting Time — The council in Jerusalem was held In A.D. 61; Paul wrote his letter to the Galatians about A.D. 67.
Place. — The council of Jerusalem was held, of course. In the s eat center of Jewish life, the Holy City, Jerusalem, which twenty years later was to be utterly destroyed. The Antioch of this lesson was located on the Orontea River, in Syria.
The church at Antioch determined, with great wisdom, to send a group of their members, together with Paul and Barnabas, up to the city of Jerusalem to discuss with the apostles and elders there this entire question.
In Accord With One Another
23.	The apostles and the elders, brethren, into the brethren who are of the Gentiles In Antioch and Syria and Cilicia, greeting.
24.	Forasmuch as we have heard that certain who went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls; to whom we gave no commandment; seemed good unto us, having come to one accord, to choose out men and send them unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul, 26. men that have hazarded their Uvea for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. At the beginning of the Jerusalem conference Paul and Bar» nabas were being severely criticised by some members of the Jerusalem church; now they are spoken of as “our beloved Barnabas and Paul”. The Intention of the whole letter la to show the honor whlcP the church In Jerusalem felt was due to these missionary laborers.
27.	We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who themselves also shall tell you the same things by word of mouth
28.	For it seemed good t~ the Holy Spirit, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things. They boldly treat the Holy Spirit sa one of their number, a fellow-counselor, who unites with them In tb* announcement of a joint conclusion. What a radical retortion wild op1 3 la all church assemblies If the sense the
actually felt, and If everything were said and done as In his presence . . . Perhaps no one lesr^n among all those taught in this book la designed to leave a more deep ...1 lasting impression.
29.	That ye rbetaln from things sacrificed to r . This question of what to do in regard to meat offered to Idols often troubled the early church. If these Gentile Christiana standing in the liberty wherewith Christ had made them fr; should be found eating meat offered to Idols, which was an abomination to the Jews, they might thereby keep other Jews from accepting Christ as their Savior; r-d, while they had a right so to eat l:.:J meat, the church at Jerusalem urges them that they do not stand on their own rights, but thlrlr first of their unsaved brethr A 1 from bï^od, and from things strangled. The heathen often dr k blood at their Idolatrous feasts, and frequently mixed blood with their food. ' nd from fornication; from which If ye keep yourselves. It shall be well with you. Fare ye well.
Don't Stand on Rights
1. Then after the space of fourteen years I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, taking Titus also with me. 2. And I went up by revelation; and I laid before them the gospel which I preach all among the Gentiles but privately before them who were of repute, lest by any means 1 should be running, or had run, in vain. While there Is some disagreement among scholars as to whether this plsode which Paul now describes Is the same as that found In the fifteenth chapter of Acts, the opinion of the most to-day Is that here we have two records of the same event.
This problem of Titus Is an 1 portant one, and reveals Paul’s real attitude toward the whole question of conversion. Paul vigorously opposed all those who taught the necessity of Jewish rites so far as salvation Is concerned, "lut, on the other ban** . St Paul had not serving the law and submitting to circumcision. If they only realised that these things were mere national customs, and even a» religious rites, but not as necessary religious rites. He refused to circumcise Titus, for instance, be te the Judaising party at Jerusalem were insisting upon the Ibsolute necessity of circumcising the C -tiles If they were to be . ired.
Four Great Men
9. And when they perceived the grace that was given unto me, James and Cephas and John, they who were reputed te be pillars,
Barnabas the right
There are four copies of the Great Charter, the document which established the legal rights of the people of England 724 years ago. Upon this document was founded the Common Law of England, the British Empire and of the United States. The people of England were In revolt because there was no system of law and order and they suffered many hardships and Injustices. The barons compelled King John to admit that the Crown owed a duty to the people. The laws were Inscribed In Latin on sheepskin, and at Runnymede, sear Windsor Castle, the document wan rend to King John by the only man present who could rend Langton, Archbishop of Canterbury who had drawn It up. The King himself could not read or write. He could not sign his name to it, so he affixed his seal on wax. After that the Charter was taken away and monks and clerks made copies for every Important centre. Few were taken care of. The one preserved at Lincoln Is believed to be the original. The King put his seal on each one of them. Of the three others In existence, one Is illegible owing to fire, another In the British Museum, lacks the seal, and the other was partially destroyed by a tailor who was cutting up old vellum.
The government Is taking steps to safeguard the quality of Ontario cheese through Improved supervision of Its manufacture. Premier Hepburn said in his budget address before the Legislature.
Canadian cheese Is selling at premium In the British market over New Zealand cheese, from which it receives its keenest competition.
"At present we cannot export butter and compete—therefore every effort should be put forth to place our cheese Industry upon a basis whereby the demand may be filled with a product of a quality to equal that of our past, seasons and up to the expectation of the Importer,” Mr. Hepburn said.
Continued demand at good prices for Canadian cows and heifers In the United States and British markets Is a real compliment to Ontario farmers s breeders and feeders of purebred dairy cattle, he went on.
High butter prices early In 1938 Induced not only Importations of butter but caused diversion of fluid milk from cheese factories to creameries. The percentage spread In 1938 butter prices was probably without precedent, the Toronto wholesale price of creamery butter falling from 36 cents In March to 21 cents In December.
r
Bess Danger to Bast
Mr Bracken, after declaring that the 30 million scree of wheat land In the West formed a potential danger to the 17 million acres of farmland In the East, If the wheat growers were forced to turn to other products, said that there was an immediate threat to the economic foundation of Canadian agriculture that would strike Western Canada first, but It would strike the East second, and just as hard If It was not solved In the way It was meant to be solved when the national policy of Canada formed 60 years ago.
TU
Stephen
OF 3000 MILLION LIGHT YEARS... AND A
I» *
IJff
was
Seaweed F or Cattle
Now comes the news that Canadian seaweed has been proved to be remarkably good for cattle meal, and far away New Zealand has actually come into the market as a buyer. These farmers of New Zealand, some of them descendants of the men who long ago built a ship and sailed to that country from Nova Scotia, know quite a lot about cattle and about dairying, and we know very well that when they ask for Canadian seaweed, made into meal, they are asking for something that will be a benefit to their already powerful and efficiently conducted industry of dairying.
WATERCRESS
Extra Milking
National Policy For Agriculture
MONKEYS
IS A NEAR
26. it
HAVE "WHORLS"ON THEIR. PALA4S. . . NOT ON THEIR FINGERS, AS DO HUMANS.
Without any change in feeding management, an extra milking per day will result in 20 per cent, more milk, according to the Iowa State college. Usually it does not pay to milk cows three times per day, however, because milk is cheap and labor is high in price, relatively speaking. Tests have shown that the greatest amount of milk is secreted immediately af-
or
Is Urged By Premier Bracken Of Manitoba—Thorough Organization By Farmers Advocated Surpluses.
4-N
ESTIMATES of the radius of the universe are changing constantly, and various authorities reckon it as being somewhere between 2000 million and 20,000 million light-years. Today we have photographic evidence to • distance of 500 million light-years, and larger telescopes of the future will enable us to penetrate farther into space. J
Means Of Handling
The way out of the difficulties facing agriculture in Canada was declared by Premier John Bracken of Manitoba, speaking at the Eastern Canada Conference on marketing of farm products to be thorough
dhet
i
NOTES
RADIO
Father of His Country
hands of fellowship that we should go unto the Orntlle^, and they unto the circumcision. James, Peter, John, and Paul — it was a memorable day when thes four men met face to face. Amongst them they've virtually made Vie New Testament and the Chrlztlan chi X. James clings to the the transition from Mosalsm to Christianity. Peter Is the man of the present, quick In thought and action, eager, b oyant, susceptible. Paul holds the future In his grasp, and schools the unborn nations.
past, and fu-

I
i
NEWS
AND
13 Electric unit 15 Coffee pot 18 Moor.
20 He gained fame as a
Ï1 Small flap.
23 He had gréai
HORIZONTAL
1 First President of the U. S. A., George
10 Bottom.
HLiouid part of fat.
15 Money.
17	Wrath.
18	Evergreen

am
zlKKSi
¦aan
*
t-iacjEinntflUM ¦ mi:i
MADGE ARCHER
ÛFi
gTÂTUOIPIE
QlPÎÏTNlÊr
.4F
teen weeks during the summed.
The more interesting one will star
Burgess Meredith, unforgettable hero of “Winterset,” and will be called “Prosecuting Attorney.” The other will star Franchot Tone as a young doctor face to face with the trials of his profession. June 20 is the tentative date. MORE—

PERU
QUIZ PROGRAMMES
Quiz programmes have become such an integral part of radio entertainment in the last year or so that their important place in the programme schedule is now freely acknowledged as permanent.
Thesi radio games began with the simple spelling bee. As they gained in popularity so they became more elaborate. Now ideas are being thought out so fast that competition is keen in the race to produce a mental test which will be as interesting and novel to the studio audience as to the listener and in which the listener can take as active a part as those in the studio.
and embodies
i
statesman.
25 Seed bag
26Long grass.;
27	Meadow.
28	To help.
I 31 Sea eagle.
32 Rodent 35 Threat
37	To tear Stitches.
38	Mother.
39	Nose noise.
40	Fright
41	The hand.
42	To scatter.
43	Road.
44	Evils.
45	Land right
46	French c6m;
47	Beam.
49 Postscript
51	To exist
52	Exclamation.
I
Presence were
tree.
19	Makes true.
20	To observe.
21	Slum dwelling.
22	South America.
24	Upon.
25	Skillet.
26	Chest bone.
27	Tennis stroke 46 Divided.
28	Measure of
t »
John g. 'hers prêt lure Into one, lifting us into the region of eternal life and love.
10. Only they would that we our-
•nember the poor;
man of
VERTICAL
1	Grief.
2	Stranger.
3	Withered.
4	To hasten.
5	Within.
6	To smile broadly.
7	Gastropod.
8	Bone.
9	Short letter.
10	Crude.
11	War flyer.
12	Permanently attached.
39	Street.
40	Swimming organ of a fish.
selves should which very thing I was also «étions to do. "The poor* to whom reference Is here made were undoubtedly the needy Christian# In Jersualem.
TO BE HEARD . . . April 21,
8.00	p.m. CBC—Bowling Championships from Toronto . . . 8.80 p.m. CBC—Miss Trent's Children ... 9 p.m. CBC â CBS—Orson Welles’ Playhouse . . . April 22,
4.00	p.m. NBC * CBC—Club Matinee . . . 5.30 p.m. CBC—Saturday Matinee ... 9 p.m. CBS—Phil Baker . . . 10.00 p.m. NBC-Red— Arch Oboler’s Plays . . . 10.00 p.m. NBC-Blue k CBC Symphony Orchestra and Ménotti opera . . . April 28, 12 Noon NBC A CBC—Tabloid version of Mozart’s “Don Giovanni” ... 2 p.m. CBC—“And It Came to Pass” ... 8 p.m. CBS k CBC— New York Philharmonic Symphony . . . 8 p.m. NBC k CBC—Charlie Me. Carthy and the Chase and Sanborn Hour ... 9 p.m. CBC—Hart House String Quartette . . . 10.30 p.m. CBS—H. V. Kaltenbom . . . April 24, 11.45 a.m. NBC k CBC — Dr. William L. Stidger’s “Getting the Most Out of Life” . . . 12.15 p.m. CBC—Ontario Region Farm Programme ... 9 p.m. CBS k CBC—Cecil B. De Mille’» Radio Theatre . . . 10.00 p.m. NBC— Marek Weber in “Bohemia” . . . April 25, 9 p.m. CBS k CFRB— We, the People . . . April 26, 8 p.m. NBC & CBC— One Man’s Family ... 9.30 p.m. CBC—Music by Faith . . . April 27, 4.30 p m. Mutual—Running of the Bine Grass Stakes from Lexington, Ky. . . . 8 p.m. NBC—Rudy Vallee’s Varieties.

4 ‘
41 Wedlock.
48	Stir.
49	Blue grass.
50	Furnished with rattan.
51	Trumpet sound.
53 He was a
. area.
29	Prophet.
30	Action.
32	Inlet.
33	Snaky fish.
34	God of war.
35	Insane.
36	Half an em.
37	To soak flax. 54 He became a
AROUND THE DIAL A rumor of unusual interest, which looks like becoming a definite possibility as the summer schedules are mapped out, is that Rudy Vallee will substitute for Charlie McCarthy. The story is that Vallee will join the Chase A Sanborn Hour on Sundays while Edgar Bergen and Don Ameche take their vacations. Vallee will carry on his Thursday night programme and stay in Hollywood for the summer. If true, the move will double his salary and keep him working twice as hard.
Horseback Across Canada
NBC
as a
young man.
I
4
4
Winners of the nation-wide drama contest inaugurated by the CBC last November 1, will be announced during the first week in May. The four best plays will be specialy produced over the Canadian network. The authors will get handsome cash prizes, in order of merit $260.00,	$160.00,
$100.00L and $60.00. Ambitious Canadian playwrights have submitted more than 200 original scripts.
Two new dramatic serials are being considered by NBC to replace Bob Hope’s show for thir-
3
1
T
Pictured as she arrived in Montreal is 26-year-old Mary Bosan-quet, of Devizes, Wiltshire, Eng. Mias Bosanquet will spend a vacation in Canada by making her way eastward from Vancouver astride a cow-pony, taking the best part of seven months for her trip.
—C.P.R. Photo
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Up to Date
[

# / * / /
YOU DONT KETCH ON, MOM/THIS FELLER'HAS NEVER SEEN A CELLAR -OR AN ATTIC IN HIS LIFE ON ACCOUNTA. HE WAS BROUGHT UP IN A TRAILER f
MY GOODNESS /
HAVEN'T WE BETTER LOOKING ROOMS IN THE HOUSE TO SHOW HIM THAN THOSE ?
gpf THIS IS A | SIÇH7SEEINTOUR,
I I mom/this FELLER
I I IS PAYIN'ME A *! I PENNY JUS' TO LOOK AT OUR CELLAR WaTTIC F
V/HOS THIS LITTLE FELLOW, PINHEAD ? HE LOOKS LIKE A NEW PLAYMATE/
â »
3L
A
&
a



•j
'A
É
5
•>



V
V
m
<0
;
n
• e
r

V
a
- t-r,
L-


4-5
gave to me


###PAGE###4###
?¦
I


Report o& Oil Poeeibllltles
Peninsula
THE EQUITY
On Cnape
HODGINS
GARAGE
The Bureau of Mines of Quebec, has just published a preliminary report of * geological study of a section of Qaspé Peninsula.
This report, R P 1*5, is a 4 page, 8$ ins, by 11 ins. brochure, with a location map. It contains an account of the geological work done by three separate parties.
1st—The Qaspé Bay Area, by Dr. I.
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 27.1939
NOTICE
Conservatives Start Organising in Quebec
Dr. J. M. Robb, of Ottawa, organizer-in-chief of the Conservative party, announced in Montreal on Friday, the
party's organizing efforts in Quebec are VV. Jones	_
now under way on a province-wide basis.	2nd—Joncas rontain Area, uaspo
Frederick Dorion is supervising County, by Dr. H. n. McGerrigle. organization in 22 counties in Quebec 3rd—North Shore ot G*spt> Ray by city district, Dr. Robb said, while i Robert A. Brown Chenier Picard is looking after eight This report contains some valuable ridings in the Sherbrooke area, and information about the district Hon. Sam Gobeil, from Ottawa, is points out that there are places in the directing activities in four or five con- region which warrant drilling l»y
stituencies in the Hull district.	|companies experienced in the search for
oil and prepared to take the risks that
involved in projects of this kind
Chevrolet, Buick
Sales ~ Service
We carry a complete stock of
Middlings,
Feed Flour, Pig Starter, Hog
Grower, Chick Feeds, Dairy Feeds, Grains, Clover and Grass Seeds, etc., etc.
1
I
Bran Shorts,
It
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
are
Federation Asks Curb on Nasism in Canada
A resolution urging the federal government to take steps to curb those who spread Nazi, Fascist and Communist propaganda in Canada was passed by the 20th Centuary Liberal Association at the Chateau Laurier on Saturday. There was opposition to the resolution from several delegates who claimed that it was against the principle of free speech and thereby had no favor in the Liberal party.
The resolution passed by a standing vote, with a small majority
Quebec Will Amend Insurance Act
Reductions on
Memorials
Look These Models Over
in
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1987 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1986 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car value is a good used car
Marble and Granite
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'Q.
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We ofler on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
X
I
CARD or THANKS
sequeotly, the Canadian market is overloaded with heavy birds, while half of these birds at four pounds could have been sold meanwhile at a profit on the British market.
There is a substantial increase in the total chick sales throughout Canada this year. Approximately this additional product will be cockerels and now is the opportunity to realize this surplus product in Britain at cer-Britooe will be eating Canadian eggs tain weights. To meet this demand for with their Canadian bacon at breakfast medium weight roasting chiskens for as the spring movement of fresh eggs the export trade, the solution in part from the Dominion hits the British would appear to be to introduce right market.	across Canada a nation wide plan where
The first carload of the grade “A’ by the producer would be encouraged product, transported under conditions to keep through to maturity heavy ¦ that will preserve quality, is now on its weight birds, in quantity the equivalent way from Winnipeg to Montreal, con- 1 0f, way, the average of his production of signed to a Glasgow buyer. Agriculture poultry for meat for the past two years, Department officials stated.	1 and to plan to turn off at medium
During April and May several car- weights from 4 to ft pounds properly loads are expected to be shipped from finished any cockerels that he may have both Western and Eastern Canadian purchased over and above his normal producing areas, paralleling the move- requirements.
ment of last year when 2ft carloads were Such a plan would at once provide an shipped to Britain, largest volume in increasing supply of desirable weights many years.	' 'jjkl I for export, and at the same time avoid
Shipment of the eggs relieves a spring a glut in heavyweight chickens which is surplus on the Canadian market, taking almost sure to occur in the present year 180.000 eggs out of the 'country in each ' jf some precautions are not Uken. The carload. They are kept at a tempera . market for the 4 to ft pound chicken is ture of between 40 to ftO degrees available. Medium weights are the Fahrenheit throughout the trip. Stor- weights for which there is the greatest age in the lower hold of the, ships growing demand, und.it is evident that enables use of the cool Atlantic waters the solution of the problem lies right in
j the bands of the producer himself if he 1 will but take the necessary steps.
In the preparation of these medium-weight roasters for market, it is desir-! able that they be kept in as good condi- ! There is a continuous demand on the j tion as possible at all stages of their British market for medium weight growths When they have reached three dressed poultry. All available supplies pounds they should be closed up. While of Canadian dressed poultry from three 1 grate feeding is desirable, it would pro to five pounds in weight on the British 1 bably give higher average result all, in market are immediately taken up and the general rush of farm Work in the more chickens of that weight are want- summer time and in view of the warm ed. However, to take ad vantage of this | weather, if these birds were turned off great opportunity on the British market, j at medium weights and penned separate Canada is faced with a d fiicuity. The ly from the remainder of the flock, average Canadian farmer dne< not want cither in a colony house or a range to turn his chickens off at four pounds, shelter. They should be confined in a He hopes to get a dollar or more for his small yard aw y from green feed and sevt n pound cockerel. Con fed a fattening mash.
Notice of a measure for amendment of the Quebec Insurance Act, believed to be aimed at examination of insurance rates in the province, appeared Friday on the order paper of the Legislative Assembly.
Although details of the new bill were not revealed, it was understood it sought to permit the provincial insurance superintendent to inquire rates and decide whether or not certain increases were justified.
Another new measure on the order paper was for amendment to the Que bec Public Health Act expected to include steps for promotion of the year-o Id anti-tuberculosis campaign.
Mr. W. J. Eades and family 'desire to express their sincere thanks to many friends for deeds of kindness and ex pressions of sympathy during their bereavement.

one half of
J. L,. HODGIN8
Snip Canadian Egg» To Great Brittan
Phone 64 J.
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
Ori-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
March 25th, 1939
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Clarendon School Board met on the
Present Chairman
above date Hodgins and a full Board of Commis
smners.
Minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Comr. Wilson.—Carried.
Teachers applications were opened and discussed, and the following teachers were and are accepted for the year 1939 40.
Principal C. S. Douglas, R.A , $2,350.00 Grade 10, James Gordon,
BEATTY PUMPS
on
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
1,150.00
9, John Tolhurst, B.A., 1,150.00 8, Miss Clara Strutt,
to keep the eggs fresh
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
850.00
7,	“ Margaret Judd 500.00
“ Evina Currans Ben Mid lige Miss Amy Corrigan “ Edith CurrieMills 500.00
Salary
Plan Now to Meet the Demand for Poultry
U
u
500.00 760 00 500.00
Let. us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
School
N: kJ'ELEF ’EE11 THE CORNER STORE
3 Jr, 4t Dora Hanna 14	Orla Mae
44	Marjorie Wilson	500.00
41	Verna Strutt
44	Muriel Horner
44	Pearl (,’orrigan
41	Mary Brownlee	500.00
44	Eileen Walsh
4	Hilda Harris
500.00
500.00
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
4
«I
5
it
500.00
500.00
500.00
41
8
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, DUE.
44
9
" 10 44 11 41	12 a
41	12-b 44 Ruby Stevenson 500.00
4‘|l3 41	14
six or
500.00 500 00
“Green Stone" Gamblers’ Mascot
The New Zealand “green stone
This
Hazel Bang	500.00	_
“ Thomas Wallace 500.00 18 a ‘yPe of Jade- but genera .y Motion by Comr. Wilson the tl,.. much darker m color than the inde
necklaces. is a mascot for gamblers and gives success in any game
The following bills were presented to I °* chance, particularly in racing As
it is green it was regarded as bone
ficial in eye troubles. From ancient
days down to the Middle ages it was
also supposed to have special pow
ers against kidney and digestive
ills. One book says that a great
deal of jade is found in Peru and it
Good Bacon Hog 1
Made a PROFIT/Â
r\
4
foregoing teachers be accepted.— Carried.
1
Shawville Bakery
the board for approval •
Harper Rennick, repairs.....
Hodgins Lumber Co., supplies R Wallace Hurry,	4*
W. A. Hodgins,	“
Ginn & Co.,
W. J Gage
Clarke, Irwin & Co. 41 MacMillan Co.,....	44
J. M. Dent, .	..
J. B. Lippincott ...	44
McLelland <fc Stewart 44 T. Nelson A Son ... 44 Wm Collins & Son.. 44 Copp, Clarke Co...	44
Ryerson Press .....	44
Geo McLeod.........	44
Re non f Publishing Co 44 Daily Star, advertising..
Motion by Comr Walsh that the foregoing bills be accepted.—Carried.
The resignation of Miss Amelia Smart, teacher of grade six in the High School was presented to the Board and was accepted on motion of Comr Walsh. —Carried
Motion by Comr Hobbs, that this Board accept the offer of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. to install a desk phone in the Secretary’s office for the benefit of this board.—Carried.
Motion by Comr. Wilson, that this Board adjourn.—Carried.
$ 4 60 12 53
3	50 28 68
4	70

Ik

i
ï#l
ITS:

.5?.
SA
books

Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
This Little Runt
Made Non»-/
14 79.
33 67 ' was worn as ornaments by the ra tives to safeguard them against those particular ailments when Central America was discovered is, according to one book, the birth
7.
i.
40 63 13 50
It
1 12
/•
3 93
2 77 stone of people born under the Zo-“ diacal sign of Virgo—birthdays between August 24 and September 22 It is supposed to be unlucky to most others.
S To make profits from hogs, feed Quaker Pig Starter, and get them ready for market at 200 to 220 pounds weight at the age of about 5 to 6 mouths.
Quaker Pig Starter is built around oatmeal, and research farms have definitely proved that oatmeal makes pigs grow faster, develops ‘ big strong frames, and increases resistance to disease. Because oatmeal is 94% digestible, there is less waste, and the mgs more quickly and economically.
Scientifically correct, Quaker Pig Starter contains all the 17 ingredients required to give best results in developing
^7 strong, fast-growing hogs from the third to tenth week; including iodine to prevent goitre; iron to prevent anemia
For finishing after the tenth week, feed Quaker Bacon Maker. >
2 00
11 00
Phone 89
2 25
6 45
3 78
3 96
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
I1
convert it into pieat far
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
ESTABLISHED 1SSS
1
INVALID
COACH



QUAKER PIG STARTER
1FE
V ' •>-
9B0R1B. HYNES Sc SON
J. A Dean,
Sec.-Treas
General Repairs
Directors of Funeral Service
ShawviMe, Que*
Fur Pelts Wanted
Spring Mankr-st Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS K. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer
SbawviUe
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
The Same Reliable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 60
Quebec
•Shawville,
1
Phone 43
Que
Pboue 40
I

C39B
###PAGE###5###
. >•"




The Equity
Service Announcement
PRINTING
i sea
SHAWV1LLE UNITED CflVRCH
Rev A. F. Poke* B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday, April 30 1.00*a.m., Service at Shawville 1 :*<) p m., Service at Zion 3 00 p.m , Service at Stark e Corner#.
Ï 30 p.m , Service at Sbswville
Satabll
ruBumvan evert Thursday at 9HAWVILLH, QUEBEC

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. $150 To United States
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
2.00
Bristol United Church C. Ahmstrono-Saleh, B. D.
8t. Andrew's,
All arrears muet be paid In full before any peper Is dlecontlnued
Chesterfield and
Her vice at Sunday School Service at
10.30
II
II
11.30
Austin,
Knox,
Sermon Subject : “From Easter to Pentecost.”	3rd—A Bit of Heart
Searching.

2.30
W. O OOWAN, PUBLISHER
Service at
7.30
Studio Couches
Roy 6. fraser
GilU, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160
We feature for this month impressively styled Chesterfield Suites and Studio Couches, designed to give your living room an air of distinction, and provide you with furniture of luxurious comfort.
Clarendon Pantobal Charge Rev R. Q. Newman, M A ,B D Sunday, April 30
11-00 a. m.—Set vice at Radford 2.30 p. m.—Service at Norman 7.00 p. m.—Service at Yarm
Flowers,
. ANGLICAN 8t. Paul’s
Sunday, April 30
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
Set vice Withdrawn
St. Luei’s
2.00	p.m —Evening Prayer
The Marvel Cheeterfleld
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in
Beautiful Repp Up bolstered Chesterfield
Pattern of a New Design, 3 pieces $59-60
* *
A Medium Priced Marvel Chesterfield,
Strong and Durable Upholstering,
3 pieces............................... $67.50
Your Guarantee of Comfort, Style and Quality Construction, 3 pieces.............
The Heavily Carved Feet and Claw Arm Decoration are Distinctive Features of the Marvel. It is a moderately priced Design, Yet Combines the Desirable Features of Inner Spring Cushion Seat
Construction, 3 pieces.................
The Beautiful • Bristol-red Upholstered Chesterfield and Chairs, 3 pieces..........
On
vile your patronage, orders of • 1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
us collect.
$6.00 or over,phene us collect
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
and we ehRll prepay.
T s.
$72.60
Parish or North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
10.80 p ra.—Thorne, Morning Prayer 2.30 p.m.—Charter!#, Evening Prayer
ni 11 p.m.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Farm For Sale
Look Here
100 acres (square) good land, 70 acres les red. Frame bouse and newly built barn, in South Hull, 3 miles from city limit*, along Pink highway. Church, schools, rural mail, and telephone. Electricity available.
Apply to
W. A MUNHARVEY R. R No. 2,
Aylmer East, Q is.
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc'.
7960
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
X
o
FOR SALE—One 1930 Desoto Sedan, in
N good condition. Apply to L. Young or tpO ( .CJU B Re Smith. King Street, Shaw ville.
FOUND—On road between Norval Wilsons and Shawville, a bag of clover seed. Owner may have same by calling at Norval Wilsons and paying expenses.
z.z ztziziz z<z zi/izizVizizi/iz z^ziz z z / / / z z / z z / / z z z z z /
f
IZIZIZI/IZ'ZZ'Z
Telephone, 3--2080.
Studio Couches
Farm for Sale
Scientific Eye Examinations
WANTED —A good housekeeper of middle age. Apply in person to Mrs. Jos. HUNT, Victoria Ave., Shawville. Phone 55.
Simplicity of action features the new Pull-easy Studios. Not only are Simmons Pull-Easy Studios Smartly Styled* but Their Deep Resilient Spring Back Cushions and Seats, Give Chesterfield
Comfort for Daytime use, 3 pieces.... $58.50
Part of Lot No. 156, situated in the Village of Shawville, North of Main Street, consisting of seventy acres more leas, all tillable and of the best of loam and clay soil. Several Buildings Lots on Main Street. Will sell all or in part at a reasonable price.
For particulars apply to J. G ELLIOTT,
f
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; iar
Eye Defects
FOR SALE—Buick Car. in good condition ; also Star Sedan, and a quantity of mixed clover and timothy hay. Apply to Norris Brownlee, Shawville, Que. '
or
T.T. BEATTIE.
Professional Optometiist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometrist.
FOR SALE-A pair of Clyd< coming two and three years old. to John A. Sturgeon, R. R. No. Shawville. Phone 17 6.
e Colts.
Appl
11
\
/
335 James 8t. Ottawa, Out.
The Hew Walnut Ghifforobe
FOR SALE—! Findlay Range, in good condition and good Refrigerator. Both a good buy. Can be seen at W. A. Me Knights. Phone 15—5. or apply to Mrs. A. McKniuht. Box 373, Almonte, Ont.

BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
Combining Four Drawers, Writing Desk, and Clothing Wardrobe- A Space
Saving Combination...............
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Desirable block of land containing one and a half acres, situated in the township of Clarendon, just south of Shawville village limits bouse and outbuilding on property. For further particulars apply to,
Box 134
Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE—Three 1 year-old and one 2 year-old Percheron Colts tons of Pressed Hay. Apply to Clifford Horner, Shawville. Phone 15 16.
$2495
Also a few

Dwelling
/ / Z Z Z Z Z Zl/lZ Z ZiZIZ'Z'ZiZIZIZ.ZiZ'ZlZiZI
ZiZVlZ z ZlZIZ Z z z z z z z^zz z
(
FOR SALE —A number of varnished
A Beautiful Seven-piece Walnut Dining Room Suite. Exclusive Design for
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Q, Willow Flower Baskets of all discretions (t»Ol7 C/X B nt very low prices. I am also In a posl 3)0 /,OU B ! Uon to do all kind* of painting inside
B and outside at reasonable prices. Brick
I
Write for information on special
designs and prices. . .
and Cement Work a speciality. Apply to Jok Smith, residing at John lathems, Shawville.
Hog for Service
Please.bear in mind that the articles mentioned in this advertisement are all new Spring Stock and if you take quality into consideration, prices are lower than any Catalogue House.
I FOR SALE—Pair matched Clyde Colts.] mare and gelding, three years old, well broken ; one black horse, 1450 lbs., rising J eight years ; one aged mare, and a four wheeled trailer. Apply to Karl Doua,
Phone, 278
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for service. Fee $1.00. Apply t** Arthur Kilo -vr.
Registered Yorkshire Hog. Service Fee $1.00; CturwidoB Club members free. R. J. TRACY, Yarm, Que. <
II
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
«
Phone 23G.
FOR SALE — A dappled grey work horse, 1630 lbs , aged 10 years, in good condition and sound in every way ; also one waggon and one buggy. Apply to Jok Dumas, Maryland. Que. Phone 5-45q
Language Treats Dug Shamefully
Consider the dog, most popular and well-loved of all animals in Britain, advises a writer In London Answers Magazine. Our language treats him shamefully,' He stands for everything rotten. If you’re a| dirty dog," you're a worthless fellow.
If somebody to 'leading you "a dog's life," you’re having a rough time, "to the flogs" and you’re ling yourself. "Dog in the mania a selfish person. Die "a dog’s death" and you perish miserably. Sailors loathe "dog-days”; j dog-fish are small sharks; the alternative name for dog-fennel is Stinking Camomile ; and if it’s "raining cats and dogs" it’s particularly foul weather.
MaeLean’s
I
FOR SALE — Dark grey registered Stallion, “Milton Junior”, aged 4 weight 1900 lbs. Will accent cattle or nice mare in nnrt payment. Price #350 CO. Apply to Thomas Pikrunuk, R. R. 3, Renfrew, Out.
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
I
¦ FOR SALE—Comfortable well appointed «even room dwelling house, good basement, hard and «oft water. Small jj Garden. For further particular* apply to a Hilliard Hobbs, at Shawville Bakery.
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• $

Everything For
The Builder
ruin
i
Pearl, Comfort or P ôc G Soap, 6 bars for
Handy Ammonia, 2 pkgs...................
Bulk Soap Chips, 3 pounds...............
Oxydol, large size, per pkg.............
Rinso
Zebra Stove Polish, paste per tin Non-Such »
Bon Ami. cake or powdered Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin
G. M. Floor Wax, paste, per tin.......
G. M. Self Polishing Floor Wax, per tin
25c
ger
I FOR SALE—Three purebred year-old i Aynhiie Bull*. Also a quantity of Red Clover Seed No 2, at $12 per cwt. Apply to Wm S. Hanna. R R No. 3, Shawville
\
15c
\
>
20c
Que. Phone 15 14
\
23c
FÔR SALE — Certified Coronation Wheat, Grade No. 1. | Passing field and bag inspection and sealed in bag* Government ii»*pector. Order early a* supply In limited ; also one pun-bred Holstein Bull Calf, priced right. Apply to Norval Kilooub, Shawville. Phone U—21.
.. 25c
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Asphalt Prepared Roofing
Rosco Iron
Beatty Brothers Stable Equipment
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
li
if
n
if
15c
N
\
I
liquid, per bottle
19c
II
x
O tclM ^JetVi
14c

• # t
• ••••••• * # a
• e
WANTED—A good Salesman to sell
to G. A.
*. 10c
Farm Machinery. Apply
Howard & Sons. Shawville.
Bt
S
f
m
7
>
25c
\
\
35c
WANTED—Team of Percheron Mare», young and mound, with or without foal. Apply staling par ilars to John S A8K1.KORD, l'ak< r,h|iot Ont. Phone 16-22.
\
x

S.O.S Scouring Pads, eight to a package......	25c
Lemon Oil, 16 ounce bottle....
Ideal Silver Cream, per bottle
Clothes Pins, per dozen........
Brooms
4
\
SMITH BROS.
\
25c
x
X
MEN—Here la good paying work with a large manufacturing concern of 200 daily nvceealtiea used in every home. Sure aad quick repeaters. No experience needed. Good pay every day If active, and permanent business certain If preserving. Investigate our Plan at‘once. Catalogue Free FAMILKX CO., 570 St. Clement, Montrüâ.	-
X
. 29c
No bother.
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
• • • •
\
X
V
5c
\
\
G. HAROLD BOULTON
BrkUl Eig A fonttry Aweetetiw
BRISTOL. QOB.
\
25c to 45c



Phone 25
t-
«

» 4
###PAGE###6###
I
Three Baby Bears Goldilocks Would Have Loved
HAv=
WORTH
COMING UP fOR!"
• •
What Science * Is Doing *
m
iIarD
For teste — flavour — freshness -» economy — Dixie Plug has every* thing I Cut it es you want it, coarse or flake, long or short.
LAMP DESTROYS GERMS
The portable germ-killing kunp which was recently developed at St Michael’s Hospital, Toronto, ia expected to assist enormously In elimination of the danger of infection during and following operations.
H



Young man to nurse In doctor's office: "I wish to see the doctor please. I have an appointment”
Nuns: “He’s busy Just now. Just step In here please. (Handing him a small garment) Please •trip and put these on.” (The nurse retired immediately and the young man did as bid.)
Doctor: (ten minutes later) ••Well, what’s wrong with you, my boy?”
Young man (looking rather sheepish in hie abbreviated garment): “Nothing, sir. I wonder* ed If you'd bo interested In a two-year subscription to the Family Journal. I'm working my way through college.”
1
GLYCERINE FROM GAS
It has just been discovered that glycerine, one of the chemicals in world-wide use, can be made from a gasoline by-product, waste gas.
From ancient days the only source of glycerine has been animal and vegetable fats. The new glycerine is neither animal nor vegetable in source.

i
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
, Mending Lace.—Lace can often bo invisibly mended by running the sewing machine to and fro ever the worn part. This is quite affective with lace curtains and can be done on linen goods too.
Ss>X; v> >
FERTILIZERS
à*
Materiel reasonably priced. Send for Booklet en home mixing.
United Farmers’ Co-Operative
Duke A George Sts., Toronto
TO END COMMON COLD Medical research will uncover within two years vaccines to prevent the common cold and influenza, the respiratory ailments which are together responsible for more than half of the time lost from work because of illness by employees in American business and industry, Dr. Victor G. Reiser. public hygienist and consultant for the U.S. National Association ef Manufacturers predicts.
Dec lor i “Well, how le the Insomnia, now 7”
Patient! “Oh, better, thank you, doctor. 1 used to count up to 5,367 sheep before 1 to sleep and new it's only 4,966.”
Wagg: mS»y! More than one person has been guilty of mutilating the books I lent them, but my latest experience caps the climax.” Wigg: “What was it.”
Wagg: “I lent Blank ray dictionary last week, and yesterday he returned it without a word.”
Most men who die with their hoots on, would still he alive if they had sneaked Im in their stocking feet.
“I hear your husband's coming home after all this time. Mrs. Murphy,” said Mrs. Flanagan. “Do you think he’ll be changed?”
“I expect his hair will be shorter/' ventured Mrs. Murphy.
Baseball Player: “I wasn't out!"
Umpire: “Well, just have a look at tke papers tourner-
Classified Advertising^^}
»
asm oooi»n
AGENTS WANTED
WIGS. TOUPB8. TK A NSKtUtM Actions. Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair floods write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co. 628 RnihurtL Toronto _______________
BEST PROPOSITION ON MARKET 1. and Ganta* Furnjahlnga. Writs for full particulars. Reliable Agencies, 218 Victoria Street, Toronto.
“RUBBER*' GLASS
Science’s newest contribution to
rubber”
Goldilocks would have been welcomed last week by employees in the Canadian Pacific Express Offices of Windsor Station who had three bears to take care of and didn’t know just quite what to do about it. Three black bear cubs from Northern Ontario, just as hungry as weak-old cubs can get, were yowling for their mother and ignoring all friendly advances on the part of the expressmen. They whined pitifully for food until the expressman produced a baby’s bottle, nipple and all. And then it was all over but the gulping. The cubs could not have been much more than a few weeks old. They were being shipped by Canadian Pacific Express under a Department of Game and Fisheries permit from Jack Leva at Sudbury to Miss Elinor M. Crowe at Peguannock, N.Y.
automobile safety is glass, which stretches and may break, but does not fall apart.
Ability of the glass to resist severe impact and maintain its elasticity under rigid tests has been demonstrated.
The new plastic is expected to lessen the possibility of injuries resulting from a person striking an automobile windshield or window.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited, Osborne Avenue, Toronto.
HOT IRON TRANSFERS
BIO PACKAGE OF HOT IKON Transfers, eight sheets, over two hundred designs; also valuable
stitch
ARTICLES FOR SALE
Instruction cents in cash. Needleornft Guild, 633 College Street, Toronto.
chart; mall 26
FLAGS. BUNTING. PLAIN AND Waterproof Truck Covers and Tents. Prices and samples on request John Leek Is Ltd.
Toronto.
PATENTS
AN UFFEH To BVKItY INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsey Company. Registered. Patent Attorneys, 27* Bank St. Ottawa. Can.
HAWAIIAN GUITAR WITH ALL fittings and Ten Free Lessons regular $10.00 value—only $6.46 delivered.
Order _ pany, 431 King 8t West. Toronto.
a! flowers which arc listed in any seed catalogue. To screen verandahs or fence, such things as scarlet runner beans, morning glories or hops will do the job in a few weeks.
Gardening j
The rebuilding of the Argentine section of the Transandine Railway, destroyed by a landslide in 1934, is to be started by the Argentine government, which has purchased the road to restore overland trade with Chile.
Limited number only, now. R 8. Williams Com-
MAI’LK mnp FOIl SALK
ASTHMA. IIROXCHITI9
PURE MAPLE SYRUP IN ONE gallon cans, four cans In box •16.40. N. B. Smith, South Roxton,
Que
TIMELY HINTS
Seed catalogues put out by the I .large firms contain much more I than a mere mention of the many flowers and vegetables available I in Canada. They specify import-I ant points such as time of plant-I ir.g, resistance or lack of resist-I ance to frost, height, color, season I of blooming, whether scented, and I also the suitability of the flower I for cutting purposes.
I All of these points should be taken into consideration in planning a real garden. Little plants 1 must not be hidden by tall things,
I and there should be as much I bloom in the garden as possible I from early June on.
QUALITY VEGETABLES
The secret of tender vegetables, whether they be grown in the city I or on the farm, lies in quick growth. A check caused by dry weather or anything else invariably causes woodiness. To eliminate such danger experienced market gardeners push their plants along with frequent applications of carefully applied commerial fertilizer.
GARDEN FOR THE TENANT
Pleasures and profits of gardening are not confined to the owner of property. Even the tenant who moves as regularly as May 1st may have a garden which will rival that of the most permanent nature. Of course he will not be inclined to spend a great deal of money on shrubs and trees but he gets much the same effect with j annual flowers and vines.
There are at least a score of big bushy annuals like dahlias, cosmos, African marigolds, and castor beans which will reach a height of three to four feet by mid-July. These will furnish ample background for the hundreds of dwarf to medium height annu-
UT SUFFERING FROM ASTHMA or chronic bronchitis send 10c today for trial of ASTONE TABLETS, the remarkable British Remedy which le giving Instant relief to many thousands. Literature free. Astone Products, 78 A Adelaida West, Toronto. Sold by Druggists at 60c and 61.06.
i
PHOTOGRAPH V
How Can I?
M
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 6 high gloss prints 25c. Reprints price. 8 enlarged prints 26c. Urightllng Studio, 29A Richmond East, Toronto.
I Farm Forum !
same
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Uncle Ab says success In farming requires three things: Good soil, good weather, and a good farmer.
BABY CHICKS
NO NEED TO BUY YOUR CHICKS through agents, buy direct by mall and save money. Grade A Barred Rocks. New Hampshire Reds. Whits Rocks, Hybrid* 111, Pullets 618, Cockerels $6. White Leghorns, Brown Leghorn# $10.60 Pullets $22, Cockerels $2. Free Poultry guide and calendar. Twaddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
8L
I Q.—How can I make candles, I that are too large, fit the candle-I sticks?
I A.—It is an easy matter to I make over-sized candles fit any I candlestick. Merely dip the can-I die for a minute into very hot I water. This softens the wax and I it can easily be pushed into the I candlestick.
I	Q.—How can I remove paint
I spots from a woollen garment?
I	A.—Equal parts of turpentine
and ammonia seldom fail to re-I move paint spots from the wool-I len garment, regardless of how I old the stain may be.
I Q.—How can I be certain that I spinach is not overgrown, when I marketing?
I A.—When buying spinach, be I sure that straight leaves of a deep I green are selected. If the leaves I are curved it indicates that they are overgrown.
Q.—What is a good kind of work-chair to keep in the kitchen?
A.—A chair with one wide arm, similar to those in many lunch rooms, is excellent for the kitchen.
It is just the thing when peeling potatoes, stringing beans, and such tasks, or to use as a desk when writing.
Q.—How can I treat the tiny wrinkles that appear around the eyes?
A.—Massage muscle oil gently into the skin around the eyes with the finger tips every night before retiring.
Q.—How can I prevent the formation of icing, or turning back to sugar, when making syrup?
A.—When the syrup is coming to a boil, add one-third teaspoon cream of tartar to every 2 cups I of sugar used.
Marie—the last-named, however, I w a very favorable rate in 1936. I Galt Heads Five Best After the five places already list- I ed, there came. In 1937. Kirkland Lake, 73.2; North Bay, 70.1; Sudbury, 68.6; and then a gap of more than 10 points to OshawaV 58.0. There followed: Sarnia, 52.6; Owen I Sound, 62.1; Woodstock, 51.2; Brantford, 51.1; Windsor, 61.1; Toronto. 49.9; Stratford, 48.6; Welland, 46.3; Belleville, 47.2; King- J stun, 46.9; Kitchener, 46.3; Guelph,
43 9; Chatham, 43.0; Peterborough, 42.9; Hamilton, 38.1; London. 36.6; Port Arthur, 35.3. Then came the five most favorable rates of 1931
Q.—I wish to secure the approximate analysis of pure chicken manure. That is, manure that contains no litter.
I would also like to have any information you can give regarding pure chicken manure for lawns, golf courses, etc.—“R A P. Durham County.”
A.—The average of a large number of reliable tests as to the composition of poultry manure shows that this material carries to the ton, 22 lbs. of Nitrogen, 17 Phosphoric Acid (P205) and 11 Potash (K20). This would give it a ton composition of about 1.1-.E5-.56, or if you would multiply it by 10, it will be in about the same ratio as 11-8-5. This is about the same ratio of plantfood as that offered by one of the large Fertilizer Companies in their Special Fertilizers for golf greens. They offer 10-6-4. The point I wish to make is that the N.P.K. ratio is about the same, known fairway ratio is which is the same in Nitrogen and Potash, but about 4 times as strong in Phosphate which would lead me to believe that if you were going to attempt to use chicken manure on golf course fairways or on lawns, it would be best to add enough Phosphoric Acid to increase the Phosphoric Acid content about 4 times, which would be about 40 lbs. Superphosphate (10%) per ton of manure.
TWO FREE PROFESSIONAL 81L vertone enlargements and valuable premium coupons free with every film developed and printed 25c, or with eight super-gloss reprint# for 26c. Personal skilled attention to every order. Cut Hate quality would cost you more elsewhere! Cut Rate Photo Service, Dept. 1121, Box 236. Regina, Sask.
for
Weeds are ranked second to erosion damage to American farms and are responsible for an annual loss estimated at $3,000,000,000.
FOR PROMPT SHIPMENT — BRAY Barred Rock, White Rock, White Wyandotte, Rhode Island Red, Brown Leghorn, New Hampshire, Barred Rock Cross-bred chicks and a few started Light-Breed Capons. Write for details. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
FILM» PKVKI.OCKU
ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 26c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPH f 3 RUSSELL ST„ TORONTO.
Modern E tiquette
PERSONAL
MRS. W. J. ALEXANDER, OF Northfleld, Ontario, bought 143 Bray Barred Rock chicks last year. Pullets laying at 4* months hit 74% production at 7 months. You can get results like these too. Order Bray Cricks. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
BY ROBERTA LEE
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farm-
Widows with Particulars 10c. Con. Box 128. Cplgsry. Al-
era* daughters. Property fldentiaf. ber ta.
1.	—Should one twist his feet around the rungs of a chair?
2.	—What is the real definition of “etiquette”?
3.	—When two men and two girls are dining together at a table for four persons, how should they be seated ?
4.	—What is the proper way to introduce a young man to an elderly man?
6.—Is it necessary for a woman to say “please” and ''thank you” to her own servants?
6*—Should one pick up a dropped napkin when dining taurant?
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy Testimoniale. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's Box 1. Winnipeg.
THESE STARTED CHICK BAR-gaina while they last. Two week old Barred Rocks 112.60, Pullete 819.95, Cockerels $9.00. Hampshire Red Cockerels Three week old add .03c, Big Egg Quality add .01c, Extra Select add .02c. Ask us about our ready-
Electrlc
New
$8.00.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE romantic sweetheart, with money, write: Mery Lee. 445-0. Rolls. Ml*, souri.
made capons. Baden Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden, Ont
A well-5-12-2
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full partlcu-la re regarding our amusingly eue-cesaful byblood treatment Pedigreed Products. Saskatoon, Sask.
BUILDING MATERIAL FOR SALE
WANTED
ORIGINAL POEMS, songs, for Immediate consideration. Send poems to Columbian Music Publishers. Ltd.. Dept M87, Toronto, Canada.
PRICED EXCEPTIONALLY LOW
We have 150 clay tile
to clear
pipe SO" diameter, 3" wall, suitable for springs or wells; 150.000 square feet heavy wire screen 2" mesh; 2,000 street car sash. 1,000 feet 10" heavy galvanised culvert, also lumber, doors, fence posts, pipe columns, rails, pipe, fittings, valves, cable, brick, stone. Everything for your building. Frankel Brothers Ltd. Established 1886. Eastern Avenue at Broadview, Toronto
in a res-
Answers
1.—It might be
SEED» FOlt 8ALE
I ¦ ¦	pardonable
when in a chair on the lawn during a windstorm, in a vain attempt to find an anchor. Otherwise the feet should be placed in front of the chair, in a relaxed position. 2-—The forms required by good breeding, social conventions, or prescribed authority, to be observed in social or official life. 3.— The two girls should face each other. 4.—The young man should be presented to the older mentioning the elder man’s : first; “Mr. Marshall (who is enty), this is Mr. Hudson (or Edward Hudson).” 5.—-There is nothing obligatory about it, but it is such a trivial courtesy to tend to the people who CTl ing one, a well-bred woman will do so.	6.—No; let the waiter
pick it up. He will also give you a clean napkin.
HOME GROWN SEE OH. ALL Government grades. Alfalfa, red clover, alslke. timothy, aweet clover. Ask for sample* and prices delivered to you. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd.. Caledonia. Ont
G Lad is t on e 4631
DAHLIA TUBERS
SEWING MACHINES A SUPPLIES
Henry G. Bell, Dept, ef Chemistry.
12 GIANT DECORATIVE DAHLIA Tubers labeled $2.00 postpaid.
Ont.
FOR SEWING MACHINES
pairs, supplies—all makes, new or trade-in, reconditioned machines In stock — Write A. Gilbert A Son. 350 Yonge St.. Toronto.
RE-
$1.00. 25 different M. Shedel, Mimico,
FOR SALE

; cand EZ&ic,

CERTIFIED SEED POTATOES — -Warba", World’s earliest potato, large, white, delicious, hardiest, heaviest ylelder. Government Certified. 100 strong eyes $1.00 gostpald. S. V. Cowan. Waldeck,
man, name i sev-
v SLIGHTLY USED CLOTHING
FOR SALE
LA
r

WITH THE
SUGHTLY USED CLOTHING—THE finest In used clothing at b! ductlone. Suits originally l to $60.00 now $6.00, $ II. 00. $10. New suits regularly $25.00 at $12.50. Odd coats, pants $2.00, $2.50. Top coats $5, $6, $7. La-Spring coats $5. $$. Big suv-Ing In new dresses, crepes, satins, at $1.60, $2.00. Send money-order with i I
#B0Y SCOUTS
sa/i
x re-135.ui)
as

4l
EARLY VARIETIES OF FLINT and Dent Corn specially adapted for Northern countries. Write for prices. James Brisley. Thames-vllle. Ont., Kent Co.
) 9%
ex-
dies

are serv-
y
„	measurements, age.
You take no risk by buying on our money-back guarantee. We pay postnire. Ask for catalogue, lamullan Clothing, 409 Yonge St., Toronto.
FOR SALE—CLYDE STALLJON — Royal Moncuer, hey, 2.090 lbs. B premium, 5 years, sure. J. M. Williams, Plcton, 1. Ont
Tribute to the international character of Boy Scout training was paid thus by President Grover Whalen of the New York World’s Fair, at the erection of the fir#i tepee of the Boy Scout camp which wij! be one of the features of the fair.
Said the fair's president; “We could not feel that this great exposition—international in character as H is, and representing all the sons) and economic needs of oor country—would be complete if we did not have this Scout camp.”
Some 300 Polish-Canadian Boy Scouts and Girl Guides of Hamilton turned out to honour a visiting .Scout Commissioner from Warsaw. Poland, at St Stanislaus
were Sir George McLaren Brown, President of the Provincial Scout Association, and District Commissioner Col L H. Millen.
Scout parents and friends attended the birthday party of the First Acton, Ont., Scout Troop, and were given a genuine introduction to Scouting. Under young Scout teachers they were divided into patrol groups, and then put through sessions of instruction and examination In knotting, comptas reading, first aid and other Scout training subjects.
OAlDDf SEEDS BULBS, KTt .
GLADIOLUS BULB8, NEW AND standard varieties at reasonable prices. Free price list. C. E. Til-eon. Kettleby, Ont.
HowYou May Reduce
Varicose or Swollen Vems-Heal Ulcers
SPECIAL TREATMENT
$2» REWARD FOR ANY VtlMN UR Callous which cannot he removed by Lloyd’s Kpeclsl Treatment, un. der our supervision Prevent» return. bend 61c for complete treatment, regular 71<\ Lloyd s- LL 1211 HL Clair West. Toronto.¦&
CANARIES
PEDIGREE ROLJÆU CANARIES — Charming low, soft singers. Safe arrival anywhere Canada. Rolla-vlarle*. Hedley, British Columbia.

Drive out ACHJE
___________TOBACCO
4-POUND SAMPLE PACKAGE BURley Zimmer, prior leaf, flavoring and reel pea. or 2-pound sample package Virginia Burley. Zimmer and prior leaf; 2 sample» manufactured. SUMS postpaid. Ruthvee Tobacco Exchange. Rut htm. ont.
HONEY
GOOD CLOVER HONEY, SIX #a $1.50. Wanted extractor, outboard motor, motorcycle. Harold Coul-beck. Want stead. Ontario.
A Simple Home Treatment4
progresses Today that took weeks to i
y
A feature of the annual Boy Scout services in honour of St. George, the patron saint of Scouting, on April 23rd, will be a broadcast address to Scouts throughout the Empire by the Deputy Chief Scout, Lord Somers, from London. The address will b# heard in Cm, ada by short-wave at 5.35 p.m., EST.
heard at 10.05 p.mM E.8.T., April 24th.
w helped much
Quickly. If you have r bunches, start today to to normal else and if you will do so.
, Juet, k*!»” original bottle of Moone’e
targed rein*. n a short time the vein# thould beam to grow small
oach normal.
veins or
ALFALFA SEED
COSSACK AND LADAK ALFA IF A stand severest winters and drought and grow heaviest crops of choice fine hay. Two hay crop* can be grown this year. Write seed prices. Joseph Beta, Ktouffvllle. Ontario.
J
mM ftnerv ycams expt*/c»c£ ¦
w
for
*1»
Among the guests
¦Wj
Fill IT fBAftKET* AND BOXES
Mtlc at
PLANT Bo2Q|K URHfiY BOXES.
Fruit Baskets and Hamper*. Price* on request Tke Oakville Basket Co., Ltd- Oakville, Ont
A transcription will be
I
Issue No. 16—39
-Dept. A”
<
###PAGE###7###
York County Jobless Protest 10 % Relief Cut
Foresees New Arctic Nation
to our diseases and to make them adaptable to our customs. In the torn Arctic 71 per cent, of the Eskimo# now have some white Wood. Therein lies their sal ration.
White Eeklmoe, Hybrid Race "They w'" th< n survl and multiply and work for us and with as in the Arctic. They ant to us economical!;, able to live comfortably in in area where pure white men do not care to live. They will constitute the ' whltd* Eskimo, rather than the "blonde" Eskimo, an Arctic race.
"They will be herders of reindeer and trappers, and the Eskimos now take $1,000,000 in white fox furs alone every year. That shows the wealth they can contribute to the
country.
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Parliamentary
Doing#

Fusion Of White And Eskimo
By VIC BAKER
*
Natives Of Northland.
will be Import-
U^UIatoiii
tolia Osterl
ONTARIO MORE ACTIVE IN HUNTING AND FISHING It’s great sport to go a-fiah-ing and pleasant relaxation to turn from our labours to red and gun whenever the opportunity presents itself. Ontario's citizens seem to realize this simple truth more than any other group of Canadians because this province is listed as one of the most active in hunting and Ashing sports in Can-ads. ‘ 1- h i M'** : •	.3 ‘ •
While the primordial Eskimo is doomed to disappearance, except la books and films, a new Arctic race will develop from a fusion of white and Eskimo blood, and this will play an Important part in the development of Canada's Arctic regions, believes Richard Finals, F.C.G.S., Arctic explorer.
Speaking In Windsor last week, says the Windsor Dally Star, Mr. Finale declared old Eskimo customs and folkways have now disappeared. "They are being wiped out by advancing civilization, and the lives of the Eskimos have been revolutionized.
"The only salvation Is a hybridisation, and the infusion of White blood to build up their resistance
IIY B141)Y
"Hue we are all fresh and fair; surly «. s and bright blue hair" IplfO ru trio's Legislators are back at wvt following the Easter recess . . . casualties few, general air an elle
ies it rnÊIKÊÊiÊÊÊÊÊM
Third i aty member) look as if
they r an business.
Tin? i vuse has voted that when enou; s enough it is enough. A new i. just put into force clamps down i> i M.L.A.'s who like to talk . and talk, a measure providing !. at If a majority of members « de they have listened to enoug i debate on any question they « v vote for its termination. Mr. A a uulay fCons.) speaking again? < the adoption of the rule pointed out that great danger lay in tfU? fact that the leader of the House could put such a motion at any t.rr.u and carry it with his majority, t ius closing off debate before the Opposition could be heard . . . According to another new ri .e of procedure, if members of the Legislature become unruly, the Speaker will be allowed to adjourn the House till the next day.
set
. and Grits and Tor-Mr. Oliver (U.F.O., sole
e •
V
Colored Licenses For Poor Drivers
Indications of this fact were given recently (March 29) by Ontario's Minister of Game and Fisheries, the Hon. Harry C. Nixon, when he told the members of the Ontario Legislature's Fish and Game Committee that interest in the province in hunting and fishing was increasing by leaps and bounds each year, particularly among women.
Mr. Nixon also told the organization meeting, at which W. L. Miller, Liberal member for Algoma-Manitoulin, was elected chairman of this year's Committee, that a record was reached in 1938 in the distribution of game birds in Ontario by his Department. Twenty thousand mature birds were distributed last year and about 30,000 would be handled in 1939 most of which would be pheasants.


Several Infractions Of The Law In Saskatchewan Will
Be Given Red Licences.

.
the ministers, who are evidently going to do battle against the law-years who monopolize most of the seats In Parliament. We wonder when it will be time to call in the undertakers.—Simcoe Reformer.
A*
lees's
Under a new section of the Saskatchewan Vehicles Act put through committee in the Legislature, motorists committing infractions of the act will be issued licences in various colors.
General Licence, White The general licence will be oa white paper. After one conviction the white licence must be surrendered for a blue one. If the motorist commits further infractions he will be issued a red licence.
If be then Ins no trouble for g year he may work back from rqd to blue and up the scale again to white.
Holdin
relief,
g a mass meeting in protest over the recent 10 per cent, cut *n York township jobless pledged themselves to win their relief strike with every legal means within their power and to avoid any acts of violence. Tom Montague, president of the York township union of unemployed is shown addressing the meeting. York township borders Toronto.
MOTES AND BEAMS
Of course, there is a small disruptive minority in Quebec, as there is a small disruptive minority in Nova Scotia—but the Quebec minority is no more representative of the thought and attitude of that province than the Nova Scotia minority—the Nova Scotia handful—is of the thought and attitude of the Nova Scotia citizenship.—Halifax Herald.
Motorists Scare Train Engineers
Railwayman's Hair Is Made To Stand On End By Car Drivers Racing Across Tracks At Level Crossings.
The
BOOK sHELF
By ELIZABETH EEOY
Heard in the House: W. J. Stewart (Con., Toronto-Parkdale) : "I suggest that Welfare Minister Eric Cross and myself dress in old clothe, for a few days and live with th. single unemployed in the Toronto Coliseum and other places. Then the seriousness of the unemployment problem might be brought home to the Minister." Col. I r a (when members of the Government sought to embarrass him by tittering at his remarks): "Laugh, clowns, laugh!"
Not Public Property
Sportsmen should never forget that while game is public property, the land upon which it is found is, in most cases, privately owned. Therefore, there must be co-operation and goodwill between hunter and landowner, or posted lands will result and hunting	become
greatly restricted.
Restricted hunting	and a
large measure of	control
through the issuing of a limited number of special licenses for each regulated area have had the effect of eliminating a great deal of illegal taking and destructive practices and have also resulted in creating a definitely better feeling between farmer and hunter.
"THEY WANTED TO LIVE"
By Cecil Roberts
Readers of Mr. Roberts' previous novel, "Victoria 4:30" a popular best seller will recall that the only character who did not embark on that momentous trip across Europe was James Brown, railway porter. Now he goes, on his honeymoon.
Paris, Vienna, Budapest are on the itinerary, and in their nightclubs the couple see life at its gayest. But in each city, and on the estate of a Hungarian noble, a developing drama darkens the romance until it brings a crashing climax. Like its predecessor, this is a story to enthuse any reader.
"They Wealed te Live" . .'. by Cecil Roberts . . . Toronto: Mac
The thoughtless motorist who sends his car speeding right up to the railway crossing probably is more responsible for the nervous condition of many railway engineers than is all the shaking and hard usage the engineer gets In his regular duties of handling thousands of tons of live steel.
Canadian Pacific Railway Engineer Harry Vines, of Goderich, told a Stratford Beacon-Herald rc. after last week that he would like to take some of those motorists with him for a week on daily rune.
“Can’t Stop Quickly”
“It would make their hair stand on end and their hearts stop beating and that would probably bo enough punishment At least the car driver would remember the helpless engineer In his cab who can’t stop his train as quickly aa they can stop their cars."
“It’s an awful experience," he said. “You never know when they are going to stop and when they’re hot I’ve seen some of them Just racing the train to the crossing and get over by a thin margin. Others haven’t been able to make it and that’s the part that hurts."
GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN CANADA _
I
*


Last week we talked about the Budget ... To the onslaught in the budget debate came the Oppositions financial critic Leslie Frost (Con., Victoria) who declared that the Municipal Act should be revised and the whole setup of provincial and municipal administration and taxation in Ontario should be recast . . . "shift the burden of taxation from real estate" . . . "inaugurate an 'honest' debt retirement scheme" . . . (Premier Hepburn, invited the Opposition to "go to town" on his estimates).




I
A MILD
CIGARETTE TOBACCO
55<
$2.50.
VOICE..
Poultry Guido
A great deal of valuable and seasonable information on the cars and feeding of poultry is contained in the handsome combination calendar, catalogue and poultry guide issued by the Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario. It is to be had for the asking.
/2 LB. TIN
1
OF THE
Al$Q_jn 10c Package$
a id 25ç Tins
4
r
PRESS
During the coming year Ontario's true population will be increased .. . Provincial Forester announces that 22,000,000 trees will be planted in the province during 1939, nybre than twice as many as have keen planted in any year since 1934. Said the Forester: "Th* public is becoming reforestation-conscious" . . . thanks, we oiine, to the Government's admirable conservation policy and the good work it has been doing the past couple of years.
È m
LIE—1939 MODEL
A new definition of a lie is the disagreement of a democracy with a dictator.—Hamilton Spectator.
THE WORST OF FREE SPEECH Of course, one trouble with free speech is that it means letting the other fellow express his views. — Edmonton Journal.
By FiW Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
On Getting Along With Other People
Ontario Gold
Output Rises
And With Oneself — Essentials For Successful Living
Increase Of 12.6 Per Cent. Recorded In 1938
DON'T MIX 'EM
The government gets its principal revenues from gas and alcohol, which should be kept definitely at different ends of the car and not mixed near the steering wheel. —Port Arthur News-Chronicle.
To be able to face the dally requirements of life with equanimity and a confidence that one Is equal to the challenge of the day, or at least capable of accepting 'Went philosophically.
To be able to face realities, not run away from them through subterfuges.
To be able to take one’s place in everyday life without more than occasional friction U relationships with other persons.
To be able to look with reasonable tolerance upon the annoyances which are inevitable in every life.
To want to win, but to be able-to lose gracefully.
, To cherish no grudges.
To seek advancement, but without feverish grasping for more wealth, power, fame or success than one has capacity to win or to use.
Should you wish to change your name (no, not get married!) the facilities of Ontario's judicial system are at your disposal ... a new "Act Respecting the Changing of Names," now under consideration, puts it somewhat that way . . . The only trouble is you aren’t allowed to change your name idly, for no reason at all • . . you have to be prepared to tell in detail why your present monicker is distasteful ... On second thoughts, we’ll keep ours.
Helpful hint: Next time you’re visiting the Queen City, drop in at the Parliament Buildings and see our Legislators in the flesh . . . and in action.
V//
Dividends paid shareholders of Ontario mining companies in 1938 amounted to $64,800,000, the Ontario Legislature heard in the budget address of Premier Hepburn. The figure was lower than 1937 because of a drop in the price of base metals.
Total value of all mine production in Canada i:i 1938 approximated $455,000,000, of which Ontario iuced $221,000,000. Gold production in Ontario was $101,900,000, a gain of 12.6 per cent, and almost 60 per cent, of Canada’s gold production.
Considerable progress was reported in the construction of the plant at the Helen Iron ore mine in the Michlpicoten district and It anticipated this plant would

\
\
a
WILL SEE ONLY FLAGS
If all the school children who go to see the King and Queen are given flags to wave, most of the kiddies won't see anything but a mass of fluttering flags before their eyes unless they are in the front row.—St. Thomas Times-Journal.

Pr
«H
KNOWS HIS DAIRY FARMING
Ontario's farmer-premier not oUy knows his onions but evidently also his dairy farming. In his budget speech he emphasized the need for more and better cheese rather than butter.—Kingston Whig-Standard.
«

1
1
One-Quarter On Relief In Sask.
was	—p—
be producing iron ore suitable for furnace treatme 1 at the rate of
To be able to laugh at onese**, perhaps the greatest evidence of a well controlled mind.
To accord tc other# a right to their own viewpoints and ideas.
300,000 tons a yoar.
Approximately 34,000 men were employed in mines in the past year, “all drawing good wages.”
• >
WILL THEY FINISH IT?
The Leadership League has been turned over to the doctors and
282,009 Persons In That Western Province Were Receiving Government Aid In January, 1939.
Statements in the Saskatchewan Legislature by Hon. R. J. M. Parker, minister of municipal affairs, as to the extent of relief in Saskatchewan. are of pertinent interest in the light of situations, also referred to by the minister, concerning alleged relief frauds, says the Regina Leader-Post.
Mr. Parker cited that as at January 31 of this year, which is close up to date, there were 282,009 persons on relief In this province. This Is well over a quarter of the population of the province. As to possible frauds under the relief system, the minister reported that there were investigationi into relief administration in slz municipalities last year. Some alleged frauds under the relief system have been Wore the courts over reeent days
“That’s so 1 won’t miss Mr. Pip while he’s away on a trip."
By ?... Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ



Jà
•jhL
y
4<

)

%


V

c




h
t

" v >
3
p V
mk

• e


s
x
•.
•i
• i#
* s

f-

t
4
"You are a wonderful gnome." said the King. "But what reward did the First d Foremost demand?" "Nothing at alt"
-, "All ha wlehee is to dee This pleasure will w le the tunnel eo
"Pah! That la a foolish Idea," retorted
Guph, Irritably, but he knew In hie heart
that the King was right "The First and
¦F t Is a particular friend of mine troy tha| and will do us no harm, for when I was amply repay there he even invited ma Into hie house." ing along r "We are half way under the The General neglected to tell the King * desert now," maid the King. "It has to that he had been dragged Into the hut be drilled through solid rock, of the First and Foremost by means of a we have	the «insert ft wl
brass hoop, and that ha had been treated us loag to extend the tunnel t other than courteously by that creature, erald City.*
"Speak out!" he commanded. "I have seen the Phantasms of the mountain of Phentaetlco and they will assist us." "What!" cried the King, the men fa You don’t mean It, Guph." . do," dared the General, proudly. The King» brow wrinkled. I am afraid," he said anxiously, "that the First and Fonuaoat
“Sas
"The Orowleygogs want a few of the Os people for their slaves," said Guph did npt tall Ruseedo that the Grew
all" said the Genet*»), proud- J<»v»o from the mountain they
to conquer llié gauiu<*:‘
an
«
He

Fore
Fi>es weighing tons wer thrown a* much as 16 feet in the sir at Medicine Hat as the ice in ths
South Saskatchewan river broke Many #f the chunks thrown against bridge piers.
but after 11 not take to the Xm-
to
?
###PAGE###8###
ri
I
*
Men! Dress up
S&Utuj, U the tinte
Cockshutt—Frost & Wood—tibter
Streamlined Separators
For Spring
TO MODERNIZE YOUR PROPERTY

N
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress
$22.50 and $25.00
Why not take advantage of the Home Improvement Plan?
Our nearest branch manager will gladly furnish full particulars of the unusually favorable terms to borrow money with which to improve your property.
You need not be a customer of the Bank to secure the service.
Write #r cmllfer descriptif booklets
N
v
the new spring shades,
herd
M
Easy to turn—Easy to clean—A size for every
A close skimmer which quickly pays for itself | through increased profits, and who needs increased profits more than the Farmer ?
Let us quote you our low cash prices on the new "RS
Models with Stainless Steele Discs.
Cash Price
. $ 75.50 9150 .	107.00
12475
1060	41	"	"	........... 164 00
We have also tho “SS” Models with complete
Stainless Steel Bowls
N
Spring Shirts
By Forsyte

y
=n,e BANK o(
NOVA SCOTIA
Plain White and Colours Forfusetl Collar
A
Capacity
300 pounds, With Pedestal
V
• 6
\
450
$1.55 and $2.00
9
4 4
Is
ooo
A CENTURY OF BANKING SERVICE 1711
OVER
I*
14
800
U
B
$1.75 and $2.95
The "Morgan” Hat,
p «t »	| Chenier ; corresponding secretiuy.
Junior c.w.i..	Miss Jscqnellue Martin ; recording
Elect Officers At	.secretary. Miss Mildred Shorn ;
Campbell's Bay	treasurer. Miss Marion Stanton ;
___	councillors, Misses Edyth St Ger-
The Campbell's Bay Junior C ; main, Evelyn Merleau, Wild»
W.L. held their second annual 1 Deronm, Olivine BWmngei' .lae-meeting on Wednesday evening, quellne Martineau and KitnUn.lt
âlït	Mi..
The subdivision is in 'excellent Mnnel Bowie, thanked every one condition judging from reports for their co operation and help presented by the coveners of during her term of office. A vote organizations, study clubs, social of thanks to the retiring service, child welfare, lay retreats hy Mi^s Lora Lawn and Miss
and publicity.	Myrtle St Lei main_
A nominating committee composed of Mis.es ( allista Harty, Card of Thanks	,	, ,
Dorothy Sin a and Rita Mousseau	--- Being Lot ft on the ,th Range of the
returning the following slate of The family of the late Mr*. George Township of Clarendon, containing 2ftU officers, all being elected >y ac gimrijng desire to express their sincere acres, more or less ; about 100 acres in
lüÜSESlÊfSSi " ........................................................
» j vice-president, Mbs Priscilla ‘mother.
Gloves, Hose and Neckwear
Those desiring a cheaper Separator will find the
efficient and
new a real
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
» I
Separator very
"Cremo Money Saver”.
4 4

Cash Price
*19 00
22.50
32.50 36.00 45 00 51 00
Capacity
110 pounds, Less Pedestal
44
150
44
41
Holiness Movement Revival Services
270
Farm for Sale
44
44
44
350
44
4 4
44
500
I
44
Revival Service* commenced last Sunday in the above mentioned church. They will be continued every night (except Saturday) until May the 7th. The revival services will close with a District Convention which commences on May the 5th and ends on May the 7th. Three meetings each day during the convention. A cordial invitation is extended to all.
44
44
650
9.00
Pedestal for Cremo Svparntoi
at the new low
Now is the time to place your orders
prices for Disc Harrows, Corn Planters, Plows,
Cultivators, Tractors, Fanning Mills,
K. H. MEE, Shaw ville, Que

Scuttieis,
La ml Rollers, etc
be arranged with small
The McD-mtld sister* will sing at the evening service*.
$
Easy time payments can
z
I
r
carrying charges

It. BOSTON, Pastor
r
A
7
i

$
exchange
Horses ami Cattle taken m
#
F

Order ynnr chick early from Sba w ville Hatchery.
R XV. Hoduinh, Pioptietor
.
I
Ci. A. HOWARD & SONS

$
s

*
mÆ.
S
$
m

j Agents for Frost & Wood -Cockshut Machines |
| SHAWVILLB, • QUEBEC |
S	__________


M
Mrs W Zimmerling







Although she had been in seeming go» d health# Mrs. William /tunnel ling, of Tlioi ne township, near Otter Like, died «uddenfy on Tnetday, April 13 yean of age sin* came with lier parents to Thome township when * four yenia of age. and has lived ill this district ever since.
Her maiden name was Emma Milkie, and she married W illiam Zimmerling about 50 years ago.
Resides her husband, there ate left to mourn her loss, live son", Otto. XXe ill hi in, John. Edward and Alfred, all of Thorne ; six daughter", Mrs. Ch u les Zimmerling, uf Oawood, Quo ; Mrs. Charles King, Mis. Fred Zu-haiias, Mrs. Ernest Ifahn and Mrs. Cecil Sparling, all | of Leslie, Que.; Mrs. Russell Cobb, of Shawville. and Misa Ella Zim-merling of Ottawa ; nnéT brother. Richard Milkie, of Thorne, and two sisters, Mrs. Norman Newton, of Ktpitska^ing, Out, and A. Walls, of Stark’s Corners.*
The funeral was held from her late home on Friday, 21st lust., to Schwartz Lutheran Church, where service was conducted by the Rev. K Sobbie, minister of the church. Interment was made in the parish cemetery,









t
Sm* was 70
Born itt Chicago,



Shawville Beauty
Shoppe


w ns
i

V
¦

!
w



if
t.

;



i,
Î Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.60

*

V





25 cents
Finger Waves Shampoo, -

Illustrated—Chevrolet Master Deluxe Sedan with trunh
ADVANCED KNEE-ACTION RIDING SYSTEM
25 cents

CHEVROLET IS FIRST IN SALES BECAUSE IT’S First in Acceleration—First in Styling First in Hill-Climbing—First in Economy and First in Value in its Price Class I
Frictionless Coil Springs; Double-Acting Shock Absorbers; Ride Stabiliser; Shockproof Duel Cross Steering.

9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
Duncan Lunam Well known Lumberman Passes
STEERING COLUMN GEAR-SIÏFT

Duncan M Lunam, aged 72, who rose from a junior to woods manager of the Hawkesbury Lumber Company, with which he was associated for 50 years, died Friday evening at his residence, 290 Carling Avenue, Ottawa.
Mr. Lunam was in Ids usual good health during the morning and went to work. Returning home at noon he complained of feeling ill. Despite médical aid he died at 10 p. m.
Born in Campbell's Bay. Que., he was a son of the late Mr, and Mrs Henry Lunam. He received his early education in Bryson and later in Ottawa. Resident of Ottawa tor the past 20 years, Mr. Lunam attended Glebe Church, and made many close friends in the congregation.
His passing will occasion deep regret throughout the Capital, especially among lumbering circles where he was widely known and held in the highest regard.
A Shriner, Mr Lunam was a member of the Karnak Temple. * He had also been a member of the Ottawa Curling Club and the Lauren tain Club for many years.
Surviving, in addition to his widow, the former Nancy Bauson, are two sons, Kenneth !)., of Montreal, and Henry R, of Parent, Que ; two brothers, Dr. Harold Lutuan, Campbeilton, N. B , and William, of Ottawa.
The funeral service was conducted at the parlors of George H. Rogers, Limited, 172 Elgin Street, on Monday ofc 10.30 a. m. by Rev. Dr. T /. Thompson, of Glebe United Church. Interment was made in the Union Cemetery, Campbell's Bay. • Jü*,* |	E
Miss Vera Klatt

HEVROLET is winning leadership in sales because outstanding leadership in perdue to advanced Nalve-in-Head enables it to out-accelcrate
"Vacuum assist" supplies 80% of shifting effort Simple, positive design. Only $13 extra.
c
« 4^
Quebec
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
formante Engine design and oul-climb all other low-priced care!
NEW AERO-STREAM STYLING bodies by fisheb
Long, low end roomy . . . proved No-Draft Ventilation ell-steel Body by Fisher with "Observation Car" visibility.
6$
Chevrolet me winning leadership in sales he-outstanding leadership in styling marks Chevrolet unmistakably as the most beautiful car in its price range.
Chevrolet is winning leadership in sales because outstanding leadership in quality features identifies Chevrolet as the only low-priced car combining “ell that’s best at lowest cost” in price, operation and upkeep!
Visit our showrooms today! See, drive and buy today's fastest selling motor ear and biggest dollar value —the new 1939 Chevrolet!
im-
Passing of Mr. Bower Henry Deeply Regreted Here
The sudden passing of Mr. Bower Henry, one of Ottawa's leading business men, following an operation for appendicitis at Ottawa Civic Hospital early Thursday morning, has occasioned widespread regret in Shawille where he was well-known in business and sporting circles.
As president of Producers' Dairy owners of Shawville Creamery, Henry visited here frequently but it was in sporting circles that he gained the greatest number of friends and admirers. For some years he carried on a Curling filed with Ids business associate and staunch friend, Mr. A. G. Brough, and took a keen interest in the local club. He was also a popular member of Lake Dumont Fish and Game Club, which formed another association and friendship with a number of Shawville sportsmen and all deeply regret his passing.
Mr. Henry is survived by his wife, the former Isabelle Adelaide Lowrey, two sons, Elmer and Bower, a daughter, Jessie, at home ; also a sister and brother of City View.
The funeral on Saturday after noon, from the late home, Silver Spring Farm. Britannia Bay, was believed to have been the largest ever held in Carleton County. 1
Stallion Show, May 6th
The annual Spring Stallion Show will be held on Shawville Fair grounds, Saturday, May 0th, in the afternoon. Stallions to be on display at 1.90 p m the hail later.
cause


% » '
CHEVROLET'S FAMOUS VALVE IN HEAD SIX



61
Address in
m

Valve-in-heed engines have made all world racord*—on land water—and in the air.
United
r 4s
Demand tor R.G.P Chicks
R. O. P. breeders and approved hatcheries, selling graded chicks, report an excellent demand this year It is expected that 20 per cent, more graded chicks will be sold in 1039 than in 1998. the total * output will probably reach 15 ¦¦million chicks

Mr
PERFECTED to-win,.*«¦«,)
HYDRAULIC BRAKES
Maximum effect with minimum pedal pressure ¦¦¦¦¦¦ Brake Lever under the cowl at driver's left
Emergency
Praise Canadian Chicks
“The Canadian chicken here this year in greater numbers than last me undoubtedly the best alterna live to our own home supplies and importation® of fresh poultry from nearby countries. The grade ' H" milk fed is good. They are plump and carefully graded for weight and size. They thaw out extremely well, and at Is. 2d. per lb , the ruling price at the time of writing, they can take the place of almost every other class of fresh chicken in every kind of trade.”—From a recent Issue of the Fish Trades Gazette, London, England.

C-1I9B
The only low-priced cor combining ”AU THAT’S BIST AT LOWEST COST!
John L. Hodgins
Shawville	*	•	Quebec
1 J
YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER
