###PAGE###1###

($1.50 per annum 'n Advrnco I 2.00 to the Unlteo Spates
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3. 1340
No 16., 58th Yeaii

GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
Chicken SuppiiR-Starks Cor-
Watch for further announcement. | day evening, October 18,
Chicken Supper — The Ladies Guild of Radford Holy Trinity Church, will hold their annual
StotaT25tîr AÎÎiîSôn,e35nànKd I Downing-A tPon two Community 20 /.«nt-«	Hospital, Shawville, Que., on
... . til Wednesday, September 25th, A Chicken Supper will be held	wio, to Rev. A. and Mrs. Down-
in the basement of /ion United	lngt the gift of a son.—David
Church, on Monday evening, Oct. | Frederick.
7th. Supper served from u to o o’clock, followed by a program.
Admission, 35 and 15 cents.
Shawville Hardware
Mrs. Cha». Loeren, of Renfrew, recent guest of friends in
was a town.
Mr. Douglas Campbell left last
week to resume studies at Macdonald College.
Mrs. Tlios. Bradley, of Eardley. visited at the home of her daughter Mrs Lem. Horigins, la«t week.
Miss Sheila Masson, of Montreal, visited her parents, Mr and Mrs. P. J. Masson, over the week end.
Mr. and Mrs. Eddie Hudson, of Arnprior, were Sunday gue«ts at the home of Mr. and Mis. James Allen.
îorner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
BORN

HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
W. E. CÛWLINC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
ENGAGEMENT
**5
Thanksgiving chicken supper of the Slinwville United church will
be held Thanksgiving niglit. Oct. i Mrg Oeo> A chi istie, of Ottawa,
CliRIHTIK— fciABEH

JAMES A. MILLAR
S. A. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Mr* Lem Hodgins and little ton. Philip, *nent sveral days of the past week with relatives m Ottawa.

Mr Herbert Wicken* of the R.C.A.F., St. Thomas. Ont., «pent the week-end at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs J. Wick en s.
Mis* Eleanor Beckett, of Ren
Kïft'rir»; I::l I harland c. row at
Mrs. Harold Beckett.
Plowing Match - A plowing match will be held under the joint auspices of the Litchfield and Calumet island Farmers’ Clubs on the I	Jeffry—Cars WELL
SapSis s£Kasfffi
s«™
changed	Swartz, of Shaw ville.
iiMiigeu.	_ Following the ceremony a wed*
I ding supper was served to friends and'relatives at the home of the bride. The couple will reside at Bryson, Que.
MARRIED
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
are
Mhs Catherine Horigins, nurse in training at Renfrew hospital? attended the wedding of her brother, Lee Hodgios on Saturday.
Mr». Bertal Stark and family left Tuesday, to take up residence in Ottawa, where Mr. Stark i« stationed ns a member of the R.C.P.F.
L. A. C firavdon Masson, of the RC. \ F , Malton, Ont. spent a few days of the past week nt the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs P. J. Masson.
Est. C. J. Caldwell |
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
:
Advocate arrlster. Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’sBay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Coats
Ladies’ Winter
Shawville Pastor Elected Head of Standard Church
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Ptee. Bruce Elliott. Billy Shore, and Lawrence Young, of No. 3 Salvage unit R.C O C , Montreal, week end guests at their
B # A * # L«L*BfV
A successor to Rev. E. H. Thompson. former president of the Standard Church of America has been chosen. He is Rev J. B. Pring, of Shawville, named at the annual conference at Kingston fur the past week. Rev. Mr. Thompson was appointed a chaplain with the R C. A. F at Camp Borden.
Mr. Pring who has been in active service in the Standard church since its beginning, will take over his new duties at once with headquarters at Brock ville.
Hodgins-Corrigan
Rev. A. F. Pokes officiated at a pretty wedding ceremony in the Shawville United church parsonage on Saturday afternoon, Sept 28th, when Maye Elizabeth Corrigan, youngest daughter of Mr.
John H. Corrigan and the late Mr*.
Corrigan of Shawville, became the bride ol Lee Anderson Hodgins, | only son of Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard Hudgins, of Shawville.
iâlSJSS	I a,
corsage was of roses and maiden- The s> ropathy of the tommurnty every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
isrsrsr^sss:	iirïÆBiMsl a, r™,u,	s....»,.,i
I ,lke	ter, Marion Emma, who died in
A wedding supper was served to the Pontiac Community liospital, immediate friends and relatives Shawville, on Saturday, Septem-at the home of the groom's parents tember 22nd, following an opera following the ceremony, after lion for appedicitis. Marion which the couple left for a short unl> five years old, and .o\ed.by motor trip. For travelling the all who knew her. She was ah bride wore a dress of hunter's ways bright and cheerful, and green crepe trimmed with gold, because ot hei youth her passing lier coat and matching accessories is the more sorrowful.
ssxst- T“"
£ÿ°” nte "c&r s
gathered at the Shawville Theatre service was conducted by the Hall on Monday evening where a Pastor. Bev. Donald Andiew^ pleasent time was spent in dauc- assisted by Kev. IE it. - 111 nig, music being supplied by the Interment was made in the ui m i
Dumas Orchestra. At mid nignt cemetery.	T .
newly married couple were called and (seorge Dunlap to the stage where Mr. Bert Surviving are Swartz on behalf pf the gathering, one brother, James, presented them a sum of money. Following are a	,
Mr. Hodgins thanked their many tributes received by the bereaved
friends in „ few well-thosen words. <™"*wLUtY>et and molber , Baskets
—The Wallace family ; Holy Trinity Guild, Radford ; Holy Trinity Sunday School ; Ben and Eva Midlige ; Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Corrigan and family ;
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Eudes and family and Mr and Mrs. Lloyd Elliott ; John Richardson ;
Armstrong and family; Helen and Grace
The Morehead Red Mr, and Mrs. Rolland
We have a good selection of
Fur Trimmed Coats
Every coat is topped with fine quality fur.
Opossum, Alaska Sable, Mouton Beaver, etc., etc.
Every coat is of fine woollens and excellent tailoring.
See these coats
Kl
&
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

were
respective home6 in town.
w m
f

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespomlenee
Walsh, of the
Mr. Herald R C A.F., returned to North Sid ney, N.S . on Sunday, after spend ing two weeks at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mis. Chester Walsh.
• I

>
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT » BARRISTER
<
!
PHONE, 2-2219
189 MAIN STREET
The Lord Bishop of Montreal Visits North Clarendon
*
The Lord Bishop of Montreal visited Thorne Centre and Greer-mount on Sunday, September!—, when seventeen were confirmed.
In St George's Church, Thorne Centre the following were pie-sented :	Annetta Walls, A el ma
Smith, Elsie Schwartz, Hazel Smith, Linda Sell waltz, Del a Smith, Beryl Walls, Harper Smith, and George Walls.
In St. Stephen’s Church, Greer mount, the following were confirmed :	Roberta Smith, Edith
Tubman, Ro«sie Beck, Erwin Beck, Ebert Smith, Hilliard Tubman, Earl Tubman and Cleta< Tubman.
At each service the Bishop gave two addresses, one a talk to the young people the other a talk to the congregation. At Thorne Centre the text of the address to the young people was, “Follow Thou Me". In Greer mon t the text ‘•What Mean Ye By This
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
$17.95, $25.00,	$29.50
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone 8 I.
Fall and Winter Ladies’ Wear Specials
New Fall Skirts
4
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST


609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
l
Smartly Tailored Sport Jackets
é
$4.50

mmmsTT
PS
?
\
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE/

her purent* ami
Cardigan
All Wool

list of Boval
$2.50
wa« Service ?
Sweaters

-,.

Pontiac Teachers Association Holds Annual Meeting
The annual • meeting of the County of Pontiac Teachers' As soeiation was held Friday in the Shawville High School with about sixty members in attendance.
The morning session was taken ui> by the giving of demonstration lessons in the lower grades. The subjects and the teachers being as follows : Miss Kathleen Tracy, ot Bristol, Arithmetic in'Grade 1; Miss Marjorie Wilson, of Clarendon, History in Gmde 5 ; French in Grades 4 to 8 inclusive by the French Specialist, Mr. li. Midi
of Shawville
The afternoon session was opened by an address by Mr Wynne Dickson, of the Department of Education. Que This was followed by a Talk on the Teaching of French by Mr. Midledge.
It was decided that branches of the McGill University travelling libraries be established at Shawville, Quyon, Campbell's Bay and Fort Coulonge for the use ot the pupils in these schools and surrounding ruial district schools. The cost to be borne by the Association. It was also decided that a donation of $20 be made to the Red Cross.
The next meeting will be held at the Calumet Island Rural School
the latter part of October.
OMicers elected were : President, Miss Ellen BronsoH, Quyon ; vicepresident, Thus. Wallace, Clarendon ; sec. tiens., Miss Hi la Harris, Shawville ; reporter, Jas. Gordon, Shawville ; delegate to teachers annual convention Ht MontveiUj C. 8. Dougins, Shawville.
Stylish Handbags and Purses

BELAI* 3 257
Mias Sadie McCagg Honoured
$1.00 to $1.95
AT/ d
¦rW Al1
A very pleasant afternoon was was spent at the home of Mrs, John Me i vison, oil October 25th, when Mrs. J. .Morrison and Mr*. Fred Stevens entertained fifty or more friends at a shower for MUs Sadie McCagg, whose marriage takes place shortly.
The room wa* prettily decorated with pink and white streamers and the gifts were presented to Miss McCagg in a huge pink and white wedding cake. The cake was carried in by the Misses Melba and Marjorie McCagg and Marilyn Carson.
Miss Eleanor Dagg read the following Address :
Dear Sadie
We your friends and neighbours have gathered here today to wish you h ippiness in your approaching marriage.
We heartily regret that we shall lose from our community one who has always played so active a part in its affairs, but we hope that you will play an equally useful part in the social life of the new surroundings to which
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
%

1
Fall Weight Fabric Gloves

Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS OUILDING
Eye, Ear,


85c
Mr. and Mrs. Dawsyn
• • • •
Horner ; sprays Cross Unit ;
Metcalf ; Mr. and Mrs Leon Sinitn and Leslie. Cut Flowers —Dorothy and Betty Metcalf ; The Clarke family ; Mr. and Mrs. Harry Corrigan ; Mr. and Mrs. George Clarke and family ; Elaine Eades.
New Knee Flexable Mercury Hose per pair
ONT.
OTTAWA.
v
PH0 E, 2-7961
$2.50 to $2.95
$1.15
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
• • • •

4
4
idge,
I
:
HATS
Members of Pontiac Lodge A F & A M No. 40 Attend Divine Service at Quyon
i
»
;
SCIENTIFIC I YE EXAMINATIONS
Z
¦
7	/	/• ^
New Felt Hats. Several Styles to choose from.
Specially priced at..
Specialists»! all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Member* of Pontiac Lodge No. 40, A.K. & AM, attended divine service at St. John's Anglican Church, Quyon. on Sunday after noon, Sept. 20th. Rev. L. Nesbitt, ministei of the church, was in charge. Shawville Boys’ Band headed Mr. Irvine Swartz led the narade. Representatives from Shawville, Wyman, Beech Grove, Onslow and Quyon attended.
Reg. Optometrist
soon

i
$1.95

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

you are going.
We wish you to accept these gifts as expressions of the regard and good wishes of us all, and we extend to you our wishes for a long and happy married life. '
?
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins. Lt’d

Manager Wanted
Applications will he received by the under signed until October 5th, foi the position of Manager for the Shawville Egg and Poultry Association.
later 1 R J. Tracy,	N, R. Wilson,
Pres.	Sec ty
Your A intin Friends.
The bride to-be, although taken by surprise, responded in a few well whosen words, after which all joined in singing “For She s a Jolly Good Fellow.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostesses.
'
Quebec
Shawville

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
1


Engine Baked 9Em
King and Queen Carry On Despite Repeated Bombings of Buckingham Palace
%», ' \
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
«
Here’s a new one. A tourist who halted his car of 1925 vintage at Point Pelee’s National Park and decided to turn back because of the admission was not tempted by the offer of outside stoves in the park* He lifted the hood of his car and displayed three of beans in the process
atift
m
i
; \ -


tie
. ##'
% ^

V *

mm

#

(No. 9)
By G. C. TONER,
Ontario Federation of Anglers
IMPORTANCE OF BROOKS The headwaters of most rivers are little streams. These streams and the tributary feeder brooks are very important in the conservation of the brook trout for they are the nurseries of the young fish. Here, the trout find cool waters, lots of the proper kind of food and, most important of all, protection against many hungry enemies. Fishing clubs and anglers are so often only concerned with the main stream when they should be protecting and fostering the tiny brooks back in the hills. Of course, many anglers realize the value of these streams and where they have control, oftentimes close them to all fishing.
Our speckled trout spawn late In the fall, usually after the rains have filled the streams so that they can reach the spawning grounds. The male and female trout may go into small streams that have only a few inches of water normally. Here, the male selects a gravel bar and fans out a depression. Next, he chooses a female and a few eggs are deposited. The male continues to fan out the depression but on the upstream side, and more eggs are laid. The digging of the hole the second time covers the first lot of eggs with ~ vel. And this continues until ___j male and female are ex-
if
cans
of being cooked.
F
JK
»
Æ



- •

m


w
a
wà
um
against 740,176 a year ago, and for seven
compared with 3,515,800.
—Woodstock Sentinel-Review,
— o—•
TEXT-BOOK CHANGES
One of the most annoying things in the world, as far ns parents are concerned—and It is also a considerable expense to them—Is the habit of the education authorities in continually authorizing new textbooks and discarding old oies. Is it possible that they are secretly in league with the publishers or they unable to make up their minds from year to year about the books from which schoolchildren should obtain instruction?
—Brockville Re corder and Times.
6)1
HP
months 4,197,360 pounds^
a
3
fj i
m m

#:,v>




*
#
1
L# i
SSW • I
¦fc M

iff
i


I

E-
rr



y
»

I
#

#


Vi

m
¦ù
r, -
V
%
I

SSm£

i
ISs&eÉ





a)-4
Wet*
a re
#0
<3


This photo-diagram of Buckingham Palace shows how the royal residence has suffered from repeated German aerial attacks. Their majesties’ private chapel (A) was completely wrecked by one great bomb. Two more bombs fell last week in the quadrangle (B), tearing great holes in the paving and damaging surrounding walls. The front of the palace, at TOP of diagram, was pitted by another pair of bonths (C) that fell between the statue of Queen Victoria and the front entrance, facing towards St. James’ Park. The building shown at the bottom of the area inside the dotted lines is the swimming pool demolished in the first assault on the palace.
Panama Folk Stay Home for «Census
By official decree everybody in the Republic of Panama had to slay at home one day last week until the census taker called. The alternative was a $5 fine.
Automobiles, trains and street cars didn’t move. Even ships were tied up until all aboard were counted.
Ten years ago the consul showed 467,459 Panamanians.
Boom on the Prairie, Launching the Irrigation Project, A Policy of Colonization, The Department of Natural Resources, Later Land Policies, Promoting Better Agriculture, The Department of Colonization, Summary and Conclusion.
“Building the Canadian West”
By Professor James B. Hedges . . Toronto: The Macmillan Company of Canada.
SCOOTING...
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
“TO INVADE OR NOT.. QUESTION FOR HITLER
Emergency Public Service
The effectiveness of Boy Scout training for emergency public service is impressively illustrated by a recent summary of 125 different types of wartime good turns found by the Scouts of Great Britain. The list includes general assistance in A.R.P. work, policing air raid shelters, filling sand bags, acting as blackout guides to the aged, infirm, mothers, children and new arrivals. In some places they are relieving telephone operators. In the Thames River Emergency Service they are stretcher-bearers, signallers, etc. They serve in hospitals, make splints, collect spagnum moss. They assist the police in traffic control; older Scouts act as special constables. In the task of evacuating children they are invaluable, their tireless feet running hither and thither doing a host of things, from acting as escorts to cleaning out empty houses to be used as billets. They are orderlies , for air raid listening posts and balloon barrage units. They are most alert coast watchers. On the farms they are helping with the harvest, repairing hedges, milking cows, picking hops, collecting or chopping firewood. One of the strangest Scout jobs is gathering acorns, chestnuts and rowan berries for animals in the zoos. They have found numberless ways of assisting the refugees from Holland, Belgium and France, meeting them at the stations, supplying them with food and guiding them to their billets. In a word the Scouts of Britain have met the greatest day-after-day test that has ever faced Boy Scouts, and have more than vindicated the aim and motto of their Scout training, “Be Prepared.”
e #
both
hausted.
WHERE TROUT LAY EGGS
All winter long the eggs are developing, protected against hungry trout and birds by the gravel over them. Early in the spring the young trout hatch and wriggle free. For awhile they lie quietly but soon they start to feed on the minute life of the stream.
Two things are absolutely essential if we are to have normal reproduction in the speckled trout. There must be plenty of water in the small streams for nearly the whole year and there must be gravel bars in which the trout can build their spawning depressions. Without these the natural crop of young fish will be a failure and artificial stocking will be needed if the angling is to be kept in good condition.
If we are to maintain the trout in our streams we must see that the forest is not cut away at the headwaters of our rivers, and, if it has already been cut, we must reforest. This, I believe is the first and most important work in replenishing the speckled trout waters of southern Ontario.
Franco, Too
As if this weren't enough for the Government at London to be facing, General Franco last week grave signs of wishing tJ join Germany and Italy to get his prize, Gibraltar. He sent his brother-in-law Ramon Serrano Suner to Berlin to confer with Hitler and von Rib ben-trop following upon Axis pressure to allow soldiers passage through Spain.
The desperate battle for air supremacy over Great Britain continued last week. Upon its outcome and upon the vagaries of the weather hinged a colossal invasion attempt by the Germans.
Would the R. A. F. retain its mastery of the British skies? Experts agreed that three factors would decide the war in the air: the number of British pilots; the amount of aviation gasoline the Nazis had: the strength of the Russian air force (which potentially opposed Germany’s).
BEE HIVE
VOICE

THE
O F
PRESS
$
.11
THEY’RE HARD ENOUGH
Incidentally, couldn’t a lot of those summer resort mattresses be put to a useful purpose in building
highways?—
Stratford Beacon-Herald
719
Z** il*
U
More War In The East
The crisis in the Far Bast grew more acute. Japan had demanded troop transit across French Indochina to enable her to strike at China along General Kai-Sheks southern border, and a naval base at Haiphong, strategic port on the Gulf of Tonkin. The Vichy Government of Marshal Retain had agreed in principle to the demands, but China had declared that if they were granted, Chiang's troops would counter-invade Indo-China. The British and U. S. Governments had issued diplomatic warnings . . Would Japan gain her ends peaceably or would there be new war in the east? "Time" (Sept. 16) said: "The end toward which the Japan-Army had worked since 1937 was at hand: a direct challenge to the western powers to fight or pull their stakes out of the Far East . . . Few doubted that war definitely in the saddle and
“Yes" and "No"
Should the worst come to the worst, superior Nazi air strength might break British civilian morale and bring victory without invasion. Should the air battle end in a draw, it was expected that Hitler, committed to produce something to pacify the German people,
GETTING THE FACTS
The Ottawa Journal is right when it suggests that the "Facing the Facts" broadcasting series should broaden out and take In more territory. The country should be told about the wheat situation from the Government standpoint and the Western farmers’ position.
—Lethbridge Herald.
Rrr

soon
might order the invasion anyway with resultant terrible casualties to
H

his own men.

OXFORD’S CHEESE
Oxford has done more than any other county in Western Ontario and more than any in Eastern Ontario except Leeds, to increase cheese production this year. The July total was 895,322 pounds,
Would he invade? Anybody's was as good as the next

t
guess
man’s. Louis P. Lochner, Associated Press correspondent in Berlin said "no." He foresaw the possibility that Germany's plans against Britain would concentrate on air with abandonment of the in-

isv
C 30
>
»
war
vasion scheme. "The German air force," he declared, "will continue its relentless acts until the British government acts" surrendering.
Famed Sam McGee Dies In Alberta
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
was
headed south toward Thailand, British Malaya, Singapore, and the lich Netherlands Indies."
To sdfe-guard their own rear, the Japanese last week were making special efforts to reach an understanding with Soviet Russia. Declared the newspaper Kokumin (often a spokesman for the Japanese army): ‘The United States preparedness program is directed against Japan. We are the potential enemy they have in mind, not Germany. The leasing of British territories in the Atlantic for naval bases will be followed by similar moves in the Pacific. Relations between Japan and the United States are now fraught with the danger
presumably

©
ra
Celebrated By Robert W. Service’s Poem “The Cremation of Sam McGee’’ — Native of Lindsay, Ont.
"Impossible unless German air mastery is established within a definite and limited period" editorialized the Soviet Navy newspaper, Red Fleet. The article read: tteh air strength has been gradually increasing with the extensive aid of the United States. If the Germans do not succeed in reaching their goal — conquest of full air supremacy — within a definite and limited period, and the British air fleet is able to achieve numerical equality with Germany, then any German landing operations are out of the question."
Bearing out the predictions on Axis strategy voiced from time to time in this column, the black sliad-of Mussolini’s legions began to move across Egypt last week, driving towards the Suez Canal. It was obvious that the two dictators were working together, the Duce to prevent the British from withdrawing warships and airplanes from the Mediterranean area for defense of the Mother Country; the Fuehrer to keep British ships and planes engaged at home while the Duce did his big act. They evidently believed that by striking simultaneously in two most vital spots they could clean up on the British Empire.
mu
m-m
j/^_

il
#ES|
“Bri-
%

Sam McGee, whose name became renowned through a sourdough poem of Robert W. Service, is dead.
The “Sam McGee from Tennessee," who actually was a native of Lindsay, Ont., died in the little southern Alberta town of Beiseker. early in September. His death came 10 years after Service wrote “The Cremation of Sam McGee."
The poem told how McGee from Tennessee was always “cold but the land of gold seemed to hold him like a spell” and he finally admitted he was comfortably warm when his frozen body was being cremated.
WASN’T CREMATED AT ALL McGee, 73 years old at the time of his death, wasn’t spellbound by the search for gold, either, as his chief occupations in the Yukon were copper mining and road building. And he was not cremated. He was burled in Rosebud Church cemetery, a few miles from Belsek-
The Book Shelf


»

/
/
BUILDING THE CANADIAN
WEST
By Prof. James B. Hedges Jhis attractive book written by Dr,' J. B. Hedges of Brown University, Providence, R.T., gives us the first complete account of the part played by the Canadian Pacific Railway in the settling and development of the great Canadian West. Based *n an exhaustive study of original documents, it adds a new chapter to the pioneer history of British North America. Without Dr. Hedges’ work, perhaps, the story of that adventurous undertaking, the colonization of the West, might have been lost to succeeding generations.
The volume, most interestingly written, Is divided into thirteen chapters—The Background, the Origin of the Land Subsidy, Locating the Land, Beginnings of Land Policy, Advertising the West, The Land

%
4
V

V
of war.”

Trouble In India
Trouble for Britain was also brewing in India. The powerful Congress Party, headed by Mohandas K. Gandhi, passed a resolution last week rescinding an offer to cooperate with Britain in prosecuting the war (Indian independence had been asked as a price). Nevertheless Gandhi expressed his determination not to embarrass Britain at this time by pushing independence claims, his desire not to order civil disobedience among the masses of India until he deemed it absolutely necessary.

j
ow
w
V
W :


%


v 6
After McGee left the Yukon in 1909, he gave up his northland pursuits and went to Great Falls, Mont., where he lived for 28 years. Three years ago he came to Beiseker.
McGee always found it difficult lo convince people he was the “Sam McGee" of Service’s poem but he usually did with a valedictory ad-trees presented when he left the Yukon.
Two years ago be visited the Yukon and discovered that a two-room shanty he had built at White horse in 1900 had been converted into a tearoom that urged passers-by to “have a cup of tea with the ghost of Sam McGee."
v stisy/ata* /o~e
(OepyheK leas »•> TrU lubwi
“Hit me again ! If I'm goin home tonight, I gotta get used to K ! !**
By GENE BYRNES
Preparedness
REG’LAR FELLERS
—
V
l

IT MASN T HAPPENED YET BUT MISTER HEINBOCKLE IS JUS* EXPLAININ’TO MY POP HOW I THREW A SNOWBALL THROUGH -a HIS WINDER /


WHERE'S the
QAW ? 3
I
ppFftCRlPTlONS
m
3^111

!


=


1H


Fi

il
<r

! DO TOO KEEP S ANYTHING , I TO RELIEVE V-> PAIN
h
h i


F9
0
»


.
<s
\
»
4
2k
?
" »
\

I
1

f
?


»
HO

A

Largest Library
Largest library in the world is the Library of Congress, at Washington, DC. It contains 1,421,285 maps and pictures, and 5,828,126 printed books and pamphlets.
;


!

\
1

\
f
\
i

< a



i
a




0, 8. Put Offlet Ail HghU rater
###PAGE###3###
¦


*
T Revival Seen A Of Needlework
7
A Good Carriage Can Be Learned

m\\v
I
A

TREAT YOURSELF DAILY
TO DOUBLEMINT
GUM-HEALTHFUL,
REFRESHING AND DELICIOUS
s:
r

§
-%-
L
B
Easy Steps Can Be Taken to Improve Yours Posture Spoils Appearance
The Gentle Art, One of the Main Leisure Time Activities In Colonial Days, Is Again Popular Among the Womenfolk

K
L
Careless
\
> <


E
S
«L-

I
1
l’ÏE
An awkward gait spoils completely an otherwise lovely appearance, writes Alice Hart, beauty ^editor. No amount of grooming can quite make up for the effect achieved by carrying the head far forward or down so that the chin almost touches the chest.
Clothes can’t be as flattering as it is possible for them to be unless shoulders are square, backbone straight, stomach in and chest high.
The first step toward learning to walk beautifully and gracefully is to do posture exercises until you stand and sit well, says Alicia Hart, beauty columnist, who urges women to get into the habit of standing with the end ot spinal column slightly up and forward, stomach up and in, chest high, neck straight. Shoulders should be back but not exaggeratedly sc.
When you walk, swing your legs from the hips knees. Try to strike a happy medium between very long and short, mincing steps. Weight should be on the balls of the feet. Don't drag your heels or, worse yet, walk on tiptoes.
A good carriage and graceful walk are worth striving for, for they add to health and consequent good spirits, as well as making the new fall costume look as attractive as it was meant to
H§k:
/
#*¦
g?
CHANGED
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS



The revival of the gentle art of needlework, a favorite colonial leisure activity, Is becoming more widespread, according to Walter Storey, of the New York Times. Every group has its enthusiasts, apparently; women for the most part, but including some men. Something of the scope and delicacy of their work on furniture coverings, bedspreads and hangings is suggested in an exhibition of the results of the “America Through the Needle's Eye" contest.
HOOKED RUGS, PETIT POINT
Hooked rugs, petit and gros point chair coverings, hangings, patchwork spreads and tablecloths, both embroidered and crocheted, bear witness to unusual skill and patience in wielding hook or needle. Old-fashioned afghans are a feature and even embroidered towels are included in this careful selection of the work of contestants from North Dakota to Connecticut.
The highly decorative appearance of most of the pieces suggests that these amateur needleworkers have a greater knowledge of design than is generally supposed. Even when a subject so prosaic as a map is selected, as it was by a needlepoint expert who pictured the islands of the Caribbean, the variation of color and textures produces a most attractive result. Again, in a quilt whose patchwork forms a map of the United States, the color harmony of pastel yellows, orange and beige gives it distinction and suggests its use as a bed covering for a boy’s room or a wall hanging for a den.
B

TO
A
y,'/:
MORE REQUESTS
I	have been wondering this week just what I should write to you in order that you might have some last-minute helps on your conserves and pickles. I wished to give you (without repeating myself) recipes that would be practical and helpful in conserving everything possible from your garden or from the market in order that you might be able to fill every jar.
In the midst of this pondering I received several requests all in a bunch, which solves my problem and here is hoping, th's week they may solve yours:
Corn Relish
i 1

I





m
/

î
5F

Wm

f
î
HILLS of DESTINY
i»<S§sSt%
%

1
O'»*
^X5E
by Agnes Louise Provost


CT-31
hack from a trip one time an* found ye here. He was kind» close-mouthed about ye, Matt was/’
Every line of the old man’s figure sagged under this new calamity.
“Oh, well, never mind, Joey. I’ll run it down/’
Synopsis
Le» Hollister return» unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, his foster father and of the Circle V ranch,
Chewing healthful, refreshing Wrigley’s Doublemint Gum helps keep your teeth clean, bright and attractive, your throat cool and moist—its delicious flavor assures pleasant brettfrti. Enjoy it dally i
12 ears ccrn % cabbage
2	large onions
1	green pepper
2	stalks celery hearts
3	cups vinegar 1% cups sugar Vi cup flour
3	tablespoons salt % teaspoon mustard One-eighth teaspoon cayenne Vi, teaspoon tumeric
Cut corn from the cob. Chop cabbage, onions, pepper, combine with corn. Put all the vegetables into a kettle and pour over half of the vinegar. Mix the dry ingredients and add the remaining vinegar.
Combine the two	mixtures,
bring to the boiling	point	and
cook slowly for 40 minutes.
Pour into clean hot jars and seal at once.
owner
dead by hi# own hand. The ranch i* going to ruin and Matt's dav-, ghter, Virginia, now owner of the ranch, is living in New York with the Archers, her aunt and uncle. Her uncle wants her to sell tho ranch to Milton Bradish, one time Matt’s associate. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompan-
of Milton
not the
cn some root rt
“Where ye goiiV, Lee?”
“I’m going to find that Mexican village if I have to work my way from one end of the border to the other. But first I want to locate Lawler and Slanty Gano. Goodbye, Joey. Take care of Virginia.”
Prices Of Wool Begin To Rise
icd by Stanley, eon Bradish. Stanley tries to credit Lee in Virginia’s eyes. One evening Josefa Ramirez who is jealous of Lee’s interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and throws herself into his arms just as Vir-
with Stanley.
dis-
Show Effects of European War — Shortage and Delay In Filling Orders
NO SIGN OF LIFE
In the shelter of a distant thicket Slanty Gano, keeping watch over the Valley of the Sun, saw a distant figure ride a way from the ranch house. It disappeared presently in the mouth of Joey’s ravine, came out again later and rode on. That was Lee H( Ulster, heading toward Turkey Gulch.
Slanty crept out from his hiding place and dodged cautiously back to the hollow where his horse was picketed.
Lee rode on, unaware of that stealthy movement. Somewhere above him the crack of a rifle came. His head jerked toward the sound, and down again. He swayed slowly, groping with his hands, and then toppled and slid down.
be.
Price changes as a result of the war are just beginning to be felt here, declares the Stratford Beacon-Herald. Woollen prices particularly are beginning to show the effects of the war. There is a decided shortage of woollens for production and enlistment of many skilled workers in the army has left production mills short handed.
One merchant said last week, continues the Beacon-Herald, that he had received a letter from a firm which ontib filled orders promptly, advising him that owing to the shortage of skilled labor orders could not be filled immediately.
The delay in filling orders is not only caused by shortage of skilled workers. In many plants the government has found it necessary to commandeer a certain percentage of looms and the output of material for civilian use is necessarily curtailed.
Why Our Coins Have Thick Edges
ginia rides past Stanley visits Josef a, and is shot from ambush. Virginia becomes jealous of Lee and sells the ranch to Milton Bradish. Lee proposes to Virginia and she is sorry she sold the ranch. Lee tries to get it back and tells Bradish that Matt Blair gave him a half interest in z it, making Virginia' ; sale illegal.
V/e may not have noticed that most coins have thick edges. Ws can see this best in new coins, for as they are used the extra thickness—that is, the raised edge all round on either side worn down, and the design is also worn. This explains the reason for the raised edge, which is to protect the design from getting rubbed away as the coins knock one against another while in general use. This thickening of the edge may seem a small thing, but were there no thickening the design would disappear in probably a tenth of the time that it takes to wear away at present.

Red Cabbage Pickle
1 red cabbage 6 medium sized beets 1 cup horseradish % tsp. cayenne 1 cup white sugar Salt to taste
Chop cabbage and beets, heat vinegar, add sugar and spices ; add to beets and cabbage. Place in crock or bottles and seal.
Pear Conserve
Household Hints

Avoid staining your hands when scraping carrots by washing the carrots and then putting them in boiling water for five minutes. Then strain off the hot water and pour on cold. The skin will slip off easily.
gets
CHAPTER XXI
“Oh no, it couldn’t!” It brought dry sob from her. Her idolized And Lee! She knew it
a
father
could not be true—but Stanley had been so horribly sure.
“Virginia, before I go, I want you to know that I never meant to take any part of the Circle V—not as things stand. I’ve only held the deed this long because I felt sure there was something behind all this business, and that you were being cheated how.”
He stopped abruptly.
“Good-bye. I’m off.”
He held out his hand. Virginia took it, trying hard to act naturally in a situation horribly strained. A new alarm touched her with chilly fingers.
“But you back, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know. I think the whole story is a poisonous lie, just an exceptionally dirty brand of the stuff that could be handed out by a paid informer with a grudge.
proved, and I’m going away to do it. If I can’t, you won’t see me again. But if I can—’’
He gripped her fingers suddenly. Hope and despair fought in a moment of numbing pressure. Then she felt a light, quick touch on her hair, and Lee was gone.
Lee rode first to Joey’s cabin. Joey had known Matt for years, and Matt had loved and trusted the irascible, loyal old man. Joey listened, at first with excitement over the matter of the deed, and then with stupefied amazement.
“Why—why, Lee!” he stuttered, and then broke into a fury of denunciation. “It’s a lie! I told ye he was no good! I knowed he was lay in’ for ye!”
“Yes, Joey, but that won’t help me prove it isn’t true.”
Joey’s fury died.
Lee,” he said shakenly. “Jes’ believin’ things ain’t proof, is it? An’ I can’t help ye. I just came
To take a fruit stain ofif a tablecloth or any other material, rub well with the juice of a tomato un- . til the stain disappears, and then wash in the usual way.
8 cups pears 3 cups sugar % cup preserved ginger 1 cup pecans or walnuts (chopped)
1 lemon
Prepare pears, peeling and coring and dicing; then measure.
Combine pears, sugar and ginger and let stand for 2 hours.
Boil for about 15 minutes or until fruit looks clear.
Add nuts and lemon, which have been put through food chopper. '
Cook for 30 minutes. Pour into glasses and paraffin at once.
Minutes passed. There was no further sound of movement, no. of life but Lee Hollister’s
sign
patient horse standing by a sprawling, inert body.
Slanty waited a little longer, assured himself that his horse was well screened from observation, hid his rifle in a thicket and went cautiously down to where his victim lay.
Slanty bent down and jerked the fallen man over on his back and felt for a sign of life.
It was there, a faint, tired
Loosèn an obstinate screw by moistening the head with oil, and leave to soak in for a few minutes. There will then be no difficulty in removing the screw with a screwdriver in the ordinary way.
Side Saddle Drapery Smart for Fall
INCREASE TO PURCHASE
Price increases have not been very steep as yet, but people who buy clothing made of high woollen content will notice that small Items which once could be purchased for three dollars are now listed at closer to $4.50. The increase in price to the retailer is being handed on to the purchaser.
The shortage in woollens was noted shortly after the outbreak of war when the British government took over all woollen materials for their own use. Only a limited amount of woollens has been rationed out to manufacturers.
some-
%
340b
SIZES »z M
A small piece of emery paper saves endless trouble when opening bottles with screw tops. Place the paper over the cap before turning it, and you will find it opens easily.
stir.
Grape Conserve
“Hard to kill, ain’t ye? Well, I’m fixin’ ye this time. Let’s see what’s on ye first.”
Something crisp and crackling answered	Slant y’s	marauding
you’re coming

5 lbs. grapes 5 lbs. sugar 1 lb. raisins
*
Cream of vegetable soup can be made extra good if a little real cream (or cream off the top of the milk) is added before serving. Or you can adopt the Spanish trick of stirring grated cheese or cooked rice into the soup. That gives it body, too.
3 oranges
1 cup chopped walnuts
Separate skins and pulp of grapes, cook pulp and run through a colander to remove the seeds. Cut rind of oranges and run through meat chopper after having extracted the juice. Cook altogether until thick, then add 1 cup chopped nuts. Boil ten minutes. Pour into hot jelly glasses and seal.
%
mm
3
paw.
There were two letters from
he scowled sus— a snapshot he snickered
Matt Blair
But that’s got to he
piciously at these of Virginia — coarsely paper. A deed. Slanty’s bulged.
Handy Hints
and a legal looking
eyes
Darning is quite a simple business, especially with the help of a “mushroom.” The first thing to do is to make a frame—parallel lines of wool across the hole. Then you weave in and out of these strands of wool, keeping the stitches pulled close together so that a firm, strong darn is the result.
Sew through a square of blotting paper after you’ve oiled your machine to collect any surplus oil.
I
THE FOLDED PAPER “I’ll make Bradish pay high for this.”
He started to put the deed in his pocket and caught sight of something on the folded paper. It was the smeared imprint of a bloody thumb, and glared at his hand. His irritation at this mishap made him that much rougher as he dragged the unconscious man upward and heaved him over the saddle of the
i.
x
rv
Five Fruit Sauce
20 tomatoes (medium)
6 apples 6 pears 6 peaches
1	pint pitted plums 3 red peppers
5 cupfuls sugar
2	sticks of cinnamon
1 tablespoon whole cloves 1 tablespoon mixed spice 1 tablespoon salt 1 quart vinegar Boil for 2 hours; makes 6 pint jars of sauce.
Moisten your jam-pot covers with vinegar instead of water and
they will stick more tightly.
$ $ $
Try sulphur for ants—sprinkle the shelves with it and also treat the floor if they have been seen there.
Slanty scowled
Worm Population
There are some 54,000 earthworms to every acre of English soil; their weight is estimated at 356 pounds.
Try using lemonade powder instead of sugar for a plain cake— it sweetens and flavors.
waiting horse.
Midway of the gulch he turned, gliding like a snake, and led Brimstone .up toward a ragged black hole, the mouth of Matt Blair’s Bonanza mine.
In forty-five seconds there was no sign of Slanty Gano or Lee Hollister, and a riderless horse, with the sting of a lash on his flanks, was trotting swiftly down Turkey Gulch.
S

Cut up your own worn-out towels to make bibs, razor towels, face cloths and small towels to
remove make-up.
* • •
Stick small rubber stops at each corner of your tray to protect the surface of your polished table from scratches.
ten to your pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special
der. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham-ers,
Toronto.” Send stamped, addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
i
“I know,
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her çolumn, and is even ready to lx*
m
I
73 West Adelaide Street,
self
By LOUISE LENNOX
As new as to-days headline news and as smart a frock as any woman could want for her first Fall-like dress is this side drape style. The graceful skirt is be? I coming to all ages and sizes and I the face framing • neckline is the very place for your favorite clips. A soft, dusky brown or I deep green should be your color I choice for a smart Fall and eith- I er is a lovely color to wear right I now for more festive occasions. 1 Rich rayon jersey or heavy crepe with a good drape are fab- I rics that will make your slim skirted side drapery dress the j smartest in town. Skirt can also I be made plain if you prefer. |
Style No. 3406 is designed for I sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40. I Size 16 requires 4% yards of I 30-inch material.	I
Send Twenty Cents (Coin Is I preferred) for pattern to Louise I Lennox, Room 421, 75 West Ad- I elaide St., Toronto. W'rite plain- I ly your name, address and style number. l$e sure to state size I you wish.	I
WIN^WAR
(To be continued)


Autumn Canvas
MA

4*

Autumn is the trees’ disrobing, Th cidery odor of orchards,
The pleasant scent of leaf smoke, The sound of dogs barking afar
¦A
m3
m
B
S STAMPS
m-

off
Xnd of children shouting.

e

Autumn is the fragrant, mellow blend
Of winter on the way And summer’s end.
/
9
.


W. Harrison Brewer.
»


D
m
i
*
Wrong Name
A wife at Salem (Mass.) is seeking a divorce on the ground that her husband has become addicted to alcohol. The name is Drink water.
ISSUE 39—’40
B
###PAGE###4###

each month from the account, sent by the bank to Ottawa, and the Certificates delivered by mail to the depositors home address or to any other address he may designate.
“This new pledge plan", states the announcement by the Joint National Chairmen,“ provides any man or woman with an ideal means both of saving money for his own future use at the same time of helping directly in Canada war effort. Most people have found that ic is far easier to make a resolution to invest in War Savings Certificates every month than it is to keep that resolution. By using the new Pledge form the individual overcomes this human weakness, and having signed the pledge knows that regular investment in War Savinge Certificates every month will from then on be automatic.
In connection with this plan, the VNar Savings Committee hopes to.impress up-_ all-Canadians the fact that when they purch se War Savings Certificates they are not giving their money, but lending it, at a reasonable return to themselves. That returns amounts to a full 23% in 7b years, we hope We hope by the end of the year that at least two million people will have taken advantage Of this new and useful means of building up a reserve of savings for the future.
THE EQUITY
SHAWVIILE, OCT 3, 1940
Hodgins Garage
Winter Egg Production
s


Will Double Great War Output *
“In 1941 Canada will be producing explosives at an annual rate more than twice as great as the entire production of this country in the Great War.” Hon. C. D. Howe.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet

f

Sales
'A
»

Winter egg production can easily be maintained by starting your
laying birds on Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and
JÈ
$60,000,000 For Explosives
3
Canada’s chemicals and explosives program now involves capital expenditures of about $60,000,000. This includes the erection of 10 new plants, several of which will equal in magnitude anything of a similiar nature existing in the Empire.
Eades’ Eggslent
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
Laying Mash or feeding to your bird until Spring
on
For those who have an abundance of grains and wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we carry a complete stock of Shur Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
Used Cars
Contracts Placed Exceed $325,000,000
War orders placed by the Government with Canadian firms now total 34,000 with an aggregate value of more than $325,000,000. Orders were placed with 4,400 firms.
and Trucks
If you are fattening poultry for market, Slmr Fattening March will give your birds that
Gain
milk fed grade A finish at a surprisingly low cost
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
Frais: Encourages Gccd Behavior in » Ch
Who Will Be The Next Jficti Of Tne Fire Demon ?
All the bad little Torrrrys a Last yeai the Fire Demon numbered naughty little Susies prohabîv un among his victims in Canada 263 men do a much better job of going an-women and children. In 1938, 118 with halos around their heo Is if g children lost their lives by fire, while in en f"aise for their good 1 eha ' 1939, the lives of 73 ef our little ones rather than continual h'nr'p ' were claimed. This is a staggering ad- the r misdeeds, mission and the responsibility for such Not that parents shou'd -rv tragedies can in many cases be laid smooth over a wrong dcirg ?•-* directly to the negligence of parents Miss Alva Anne Owen, e who far too often leave their helpless specialist in child development ?.. infants alone in the house while they parent education. Univers ty of 1 visit neighbours or go to a show. These nois college of agriculture. T. . holocausts frequently occur in rural dis- would mean insulting a child's v. tricts where neighbours are long dis- teliigence, for usually h? kno-tances away and the parents are unable when he has misbehaved and veto reach their burning home in time to izes that his parent knows it a s their children from a horrible However, approval of a child as a
individual even when he needs a scolding for the minor crime he ha committed, will work wonders Ii other words, it is as much as saying to the child, “What you have done is wrong, but you are all right (with emphasis on the you). We ought tc know, because we have known you since you were a baby."
Praise, which gives any adult confidence, does the same thing for teasing Tommy and sassing Susie who, after all, usually are looking for some outward means of public approval or trying to learn how to get along with people.
While helping out with praise on one hand, parents might think about saving their children from unneces-
_	.	, -	.	. . sary humiliation, too, said the au-
lst Canada takes over six of the | thority. Slapping a child in public
fifty American over-age destroyers usuaiiy stirs up resentment against transfered to Great Britain in return the adult rather than creating refer the lease of air and naval bases. morse for the deed Humiliation They raise Canada’s destroyer strength may be forestalled by as simple a to thirteen and will beigiven names of gesture as giving a child colored rivers common to both the L ni ted giasses to wear if he has been cry-States and Canada.	. ing over some childish difficulty and
2nd—Canadian forces on active | breads the taunting “cry baby ’ service, both home and overseas : Army I jeers 0f his playmates.
161,000 ; Navy 11,149 ; Air Force 26,500.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., BEC'O.
Increase Winter Egg production
Using artificial light to increase egg production during the short winter months has been the practice of progressive poultry farmers for many yean, states W. T Scott, Head Poultry man, Dominion Experimental station, Harrow Ont. It was genrally believed tint by lengthening the day by several hours longer feeding period would be provided and a greater yield of eggs would be the result. However, recent research has demonstrated that the use of artificial light provides a stimulation to the process of evulation and, though contributing to the increase in egg yield, the greater amount of feed consumed is a secondary factor.
Under normal conditions the greatest egg yield is during the long daylight of midsummer, when the birds have the advantage of fourteen or fifteen hours of light. Yields of an egg a day is not uncommon at this season, s take this to he the lenght of day for optimum results.
In a recent experiment at the Harrôw Experimental Station the limit was tested when the birds were subjected to all-night lights all the year round. Two hundred and fifty Barred Plymouth Ruck pullets that were given fourteen hours light kid an average of 249.7 eggs in 365 days, while a flock of two hundred pullets of equal breeding subjected to 24 hours of light averaged only 214 eggs per bird, The loss in yield was due to a great increase in hroodiness with the birds than had the lights all night.
For the best results the fall, winter and early spring days may be lengthened to about twelve or fourteen hours by the use of artificial light morning and night.
Appreciative
P'S
J. L. HUDGINS
We wish in this way to express the
thanks of the Shawville people to Mr.
E. C. Lawn, M L A., «for our new Tama Main Street. "We now have a roadway suitable to our town and our citizens need no longer he ashamed of our Main Street. Since our good member had been elected five years ago he has stantly worked for and advocated the paving of our Main Street, Early and late he was after the Minister of Roads pressing the claims and needs of No. 8 Highway and specially drawing
to the disgraceful conditation
through Shawville. After last election
Mr. Lawn to many of our people made
this statement, “If it is humanly possible
and
\
x
Phone 64 J.
8


save death
Every parent should realize that it is his duty to teach his children the principles of fire prevention. They should not be allowed to play with fire, matches should be kept out of their reach and the playing with celluloid toys should be discouraged. By a strict adherence to the uSe of common sense, parents can thus save themselves the bitter anguish and life-long regret which must be ever present when a child perishes by their neglect.
con
Prize Winners At Night Show
Shawville Fair
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, found,
Lost. etc.
atten
tion
Single Carriage—1st W J Smittli, 2nd Eldred Mee, 3rd W J Smith.
Stallion-Parade—Headed by Brown with pony—Clydes O A Howard, Il J Lucas Kllard Johnston, G A Howard dard Bred—S Henderson.
General Purpose Team —
Beaulieu, 2nd Gerald Sparling, 3rd M R McGuire, 4th E Mee.
Most Ridiculous Outfit—1st Clarence Richardson, 2nd Clarence Kilgour.
o
Arthur Horner, Belgians—
Stan-
FOR SALE — One General Purpose Mare Foal. Apply to Kknnkth Smii.ky IL R. No. 1, Shawville, Que. Phone 15-19.
Shawville will be looked alter
have the work done, and the and thanks of our whole
now we appreciation community is given to our good Mem
we may
1st B
her
FOR SALE—Five litter* of Yorkshire Pigs. Ready for delivery October 4th lo 15th. Apply to Norvai, Hopnkr, R. R. No. 1. Shawville. Phone 13-10.
Sighned on behalf of the Merchants of Shawville.
Canad a War Effort
W. A Hodgins, C. H. MacLean
A weekly review of developments on the Home Front : September 19th -26th.
FOR SALE—Massey Harris Corn Bind
2nd o| Trifid :Jd‘w Xilh"'4th	Phone
Clive Smart.	f 4. 2.
Draft or Agricultural Teams— For Millar Cup—L A Smart.
Appreciative
Another milestone is passed in the history of the C.P.A S. No. 1, marked by the 84th Annual Fair, which many reliable observers say was nne of the very best Fairs ever held at Shawville.
The Officers of the Society are very pleased that prov idencif provided a fair perce ntage*of good weather for this
FOR SALE — Reg. Ayrshire Cow. I years old ; also for rent five-room living apartment, bathroom and modern con veniences.
Stark. Shawville
Lady Driver—1st Loin Hynes, 2nd Miss Orr, 3rd Mrs. Harper Rennick, 4th Miss Liura Barber.
Single Agricultural Mare or Gelding, Hitched—1st L A Smart, 2nd, Mr. Orr, 3rd Clive Smart, 4th H Beaulieu.
Gentleman Driver—1st L A Smart, 2nd Lloyd Horner, 3rd Reuben Harris, 4th W J Smith.
Double Roadsters—1st XV .1 Smith, 2nd A R Smiley, 3rd V Richardson.
Apply to Mit*. Bertai Phone 97
Substantial approval, the security
.	of knowing that he is respected be-
3rd—Daylight saving time indefinite- cause be is a unique individual rath- important event
ly extended as war measure. Purpose : er than for what he does and credit XXre appreciate very To save electricity.	for trying hard although the accom-	donations of cash,	services and	eat*, so
4th—During the week ended Septem-	piishment is meager all bolster up	generously	donated by	Council	Boards,
ber 4th, Munitions and Supply Depart	any inferior feeling a child may	business men and	private persons, both
ment awarded 1,251 contracts total-	have It was this feeling which per-	ladies and	gentlemen,	friends	of	the
ling $5,515,317.	haps made him naughty in the first	Society.	This co-operation and	the
5th—Subscriptions to Canada’s second piaCe.	efforts of the exhibitors made success
war loan totalled $342,248,300. They |	| possible and has shown that this Agn*
exceeded the objective by $42,248,300.	"	cultural district like other portions f t
6th—Organization of Air Cadet	New Lima Beans	the British Empire can put
Corps announced. New corps will	, more than 100 percent, effort in War
operate along lines of army cadet corps	Intended for Freezing j Effort ”. We thank you
in schools. Purpose : To interest boys with the growth of the frozen-food Lorxk Armstrong of fifteen to sixteen in the Royal industry, consumers are demanding I President.
Canadian Air Force.	from the packers a baby lima bean
7th—Justice W. M. Martin, Saskat-	0f better quality than Henderson
chewan Api>eal Court, appointed rentals	Bush, the variety now most gener-
adininistrator for the Wartime Prices	any grown. Scientists of the United
and Trade Board.	States department of agriculture
8th—Standstill order issued by the	ancj 0f the agricultural experiment
Wartime Prices and Trade Board, peg-	stations of Maryland and Illinois
ging house rentals in certain designatad	have produced varieties that show
areas at the levels of Januasy 2nd, 1940 |	promise as good material for freez-
Effective on and after October 1st, 1940
9th—Commission appointed to ad I The varieties are the Baby Ford-minister National Unemployment In-	hook, a cross between Henderson
surance : Chairman, Dr, Joseph Si rois,	and Fordhook developed by the
former Chairman Royal Commission on	United States department of agriDominion-Provincial lelations. Mem-	culture; Baby Potato, and Early
bers, Robert J. Talion, Secretary-	Baby Potato, developed by the Illi-
Tieasurer, Trades and Labour Congress	nois experiment station from a
of Canada ; Alan M. Mitchell, Chair-	chance cross found in a field of Henman Robert Mitchell Co., Ltd., Montre-1	derson; and Maryland Thick Seed-
ed, developed by the Maryland experiment station from a single plant also found in a field of Henderson Bush.
All these varieties have small
HENS FOR SALE—A number of White Leghorn year old hens Apply to Mrs. II. E. Bklshkr, Yarm. Que. Phone
much the
WANTED-A quantity of good cedar fence posts. Apply to Chan. Smiley, R. R. NO. 1, Shawvelle. Phone It) 17.
Wheat Crop of 1940 Largest on Record
FOR SALE—A "pair of year and',half old
also good
Apply to .T E. Pkrvkk,
NOTICE
According to the preliminary estimate 1910 wheat crop is the second largest in the annals of Canadian wheat producton. This estimate places the yield at 561,104,000 bushels, which clo I sely approaches the record crop of 566, r726.000 bushels in 1928. The 1940 I crop is 71,481,000 bushels larger than ! the third estimate of the 1939 crop, al-thaugh the final estimate for 1939 may he raised in view of the unexpectedly
Dale-Ih lr.ving memory of our dear	marketing, which occured at the
the 1940 crop. Manitoba and Alberta each has the largest crop on record.
Manitoba harvested 71,000,000 bushels Alberta, 203,000,000 bushels and Saskatchewan 200,000,000 bushels. Included in the Manitoba and Saskatchewan estimates are 7,000,000 and 4,000.000 bushels of Durham wheat respectively, mak-laj —B.	Ill1	I	I
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
tested by experienced judges and	Washington, and Idaho, in the years
preferred to Henderson because of	since 1930. A survey by the bureau
their generally more attractive	of agricultural economics and the
shape, brighter green color, tender-	Farm Security administration shows
ness, and mild flavor.	that a large part of the migrating
Early Baby Potato and Maryland	families started west from the two
Thick Seeded have been as early	Dakotas and Nebraska and from ur-
Baby Fordhook and	ban centers such as Chicago, Mil-
Baby Potato are about a week later	waukee, and Detroit. There were
in reaching edible maturity. Under	relatively few from the south part
most conditions they have also been	of the Great Plains. Migrants from
as productive as Henderson Bush	Oklahoma and Texas also went due
and in some places have been more	west, and so reached California.	I am	prepared to	purchase	green	of j
productive.	Peak years for migration into the	peeled	Spruce	and	Balsam pulp wood, j
Seed of Baby Fordhook, Baby Po-	Northwest were 1936 and 1937—an	F.O,B.	cars	on C. N^or L.	P.	railways,
lato, and Early Baby Potatu die	echo of the drouth years of 1934 and	or delivered	to	road	side	for pick	up i
now available in limited quantities	1936. A more favorable crop year	by trucks	Phone or	w rite,	j
from commercial seedsmen. The	in 1937 was followed by a drop in
United States department of agricul-	westw ard migration in 1938.	,
ture does not have seed of any of these varieties for distribution.
colts. tl.ree to choose fron
mare and colt Portage ilu Fort. Phone 9 23
across
In tiie matter ok the Estate ok tub Late Albert E. Wilson, in
His LIFETIME OF THE ToWNslIlF OF
Bristol.
All persons hiving claims against the above Estate are requested to fyle the same within fifteen days with the undersigned, and all persons owing monies to the above estate are requested to make payment forthwith to the undersigned.
WILLIAM A WILSON,
Executor
Wyman, Quebec
FOR SALE—A litter of nig*. 8 weeks
John R McDowell,
R. W. Hodgins Sec’ty
old. Apply to Shawville.
FOR SALE - One 3 year oM driving mare ; one 2 year-old colt heavy : Pure bred Tamworth pigs, both months old ; 1 xxx Hampshire down Ram lamb; Bronze turkeys; White Kmbdeui Geese ; Barren Rock Pullet* ; New Hampshire Pullets"; R.O.P. Corker-Litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for belivery Oct. 10th. Apply to Claude Elliott. It It 1, Shawville. Shawville. Phone 6 -28.
In Memoriam
six
sex
els
1938.
A shadow rest upon our home,
We miss his smiling face,
Where’er we turn, where’er we go, We see bis vacant place.
God is good, he gives us strength, To bear our heavy cross,
He is the only one who knows, How bitter is our loss.
Sadly missed by
Wife and Family
ing
OQQQKjj
Mi/iyi/i/ixi/l/
00000033000003000000000000 02
02222000
yrzy

al
Smash Hitler Campaign
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
An army of 2,000,000 regular “War Savers” is sought in a national “Smash Hitler” campaign now opening by the War savings Committee, it is announced by Messrs. W. JI. Somerville and de Gaspe Beaubien, National Chairmen.
To enable every man and woman in Canada to join this “Army of two million regular War Savers” the committee has developed, in collaberation with the chartered banks, a speceal pledge form which will be delivered by mail to 2,500,000 householders from coast to coast. This is one of the largest single mailings ever carried out by the Canadian Postal Service.
By using this new War Savings pledge Form any bank depositor can instruct his bank to invest in one or more War Savings Certificates for him on the 15th of every month. Once the pledge i* signed and banded to the bank, the regular purchase of War Savings Certificate becomes automatic chase price of the certificates is deducted
of 1,321,000 bushels over the previous 0 years crop, as a result of larger acreage q and a better yield. The 1940 crop of g li ty and clover at 13,716,000 tons ?hows 1 shows an increase of 339,000 tons compared with that of 1939.

C
as Henderson
over
Pulpwood Wanted | Phone 2?
X
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
Shawville,
J. M ARGUE,
Shawville, Que
Phone 76
the pur
?
###PAGE###5###

:W.
Service Announcement
Donations Persian Inscriptions May
Prove Big Historic Find
smBHaBaBnoifflnffl»® Cemetery

Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. PAator
Sunday. October 6.
Zion Church Anniversary Service at 2.30 p m. —Guest preacher, Rev. D. Bishop, of Quyon.
Service at 7.45 p.m.— Guest preacher, Rev. H. G. Steers,' of Y»rm.
The Equity
FALL SPECIALS

Mr. John K. McDowell, Secretary-Treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery, acknowledges with th inks the following
donations :
Mrs. Harry Millar, Ottawa VV. E N. Hodgin*, Ottawa
Dr. D. J. Campbell, Secretary of the Village Cemetery desires to acknowledge with thanks the following donations
Theodore Hod gins..........
Dr. McGuire.............
Claude E. Shaw ...........
Correct Posture Helps Homemaker Avoid Fatigue
Not the work but the way it often is done gives a homemaker backaches and makes her tired, maintains Miss Fannie Brooks, extension specialist in health, University of Illinois college of agriculture.
Every time a homemaker stoops over to put a pie into the oven or to collect dirt in the dustpan, she 55 per cent m#re energy than she does lying down. Sitting requires 4 per cent and standing 12 per cent more energy than lying down. The point to remember is to keep the back straight by kneeling down rather than stooping over, Miss Brooks said.
Every time a homemaker can sit to iron, to prepare food or wash dishes, she saves her strength. Since standing straight takes less energy than bending, any equipment which enables the homemaker to maintain an erect pc ure will forestall fatigue. Thus a long handle on the broom or mop and a high oven instead of a low one are devices to minimize energy output.
More backaches probably occur because the kitchen table, sink and the laundry wash tubs are too low than for any other reason, Miss Brooks said. These faults can easily be remedied by having the table, sink or tubs raised on blocks of wood. Hanging out the clothes also becomes a less burdensome task if the clothes basket is placed on a medium height portable cart or a coaster wagon.
Fatigue not only affects a homemaker’s physical well-being but in-*$1.49 h I directly affects her mental well-be-V "	** ing. Miss Brooks pointed out. Thus
the family’s happiness may be dependent upon svôb small factors as too short a broom handle or an undersized table. :.—
Recently discovered inscriptions, made about 250 A. D. by Kartir, a Zoroastrian high priest and power behind the throne, are hailed by University of Chicago archeologists as of vast importance in the study of ancient languages and history.
Dr. Martin Sprengling, internationally known authority on ancient languages, made the translations 11,00 a.tn.—Service at Shawville
from photographic enlargements of	3.00 p m.—Service at Staik’j* Corners
«si bïÆWTJî
ancient Egyptian language.	|	7.30 p m.—Service at Shawville
Dr. Sprengling estimated the inscriptions were made about 290 A.
D. by Kartir, a Zoroastrian high priest and kingmaker, whose career interlaced those#of four ancient Persian rulers.
The inscriptions were in Pahlavi, . u u a Middle Persian language wlych
s of both Semitic and | Knox,
They were discov-ancient city of Perse
Betibllshed 18S3
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
v annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States...

#2.00
2.00
Cents’ Furnishing Department
Mens All-wool Sweater Coats. Colours, Blue, Wine and Brown, all sizes, Special $1-69 j
Mens Fine Qualty Sweater Coats,
Colors Blue, Brown, Grey or Green $2.35
Mens Heavy Sweater Coats, Colors
Wine Blue and Black. Special $2.50 to $3.00
Mens Neva-Wet Windbreakers, Fancy Color Combinations, all sizes
$1.50
2.00
must be paid in full
U discontinue
AH arrears before any paper
#2 00

3 00

G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
5 00
w
Pretzel-Bending Sculpture
Wins Prize for Steelworker
His friends used to tell him that as a sculptor he was a good pretzel bender. But Louis Dlugosz of Lackawanna, N. Y.. a steelworker. 24 years old, kept on making pretzellike caricatures. Imagine the astonishment of one and all when an annual western New York art exhibition bought two of his entries, and third won $50 prize money.
Dlugosz technique, which results in creations that resemble store-window mannikins wearing baseball catchers' masks, is credited by Gordon B. Washburn, Albright Art gallery director, with “opening a new field in sculpture.*'
John Benson, director of sculpture at the Rhode Island school of design gazed at the steelworker’s entries and declared “they’re remarkable." The opinion was echoed by Mrs. Marie Sterner, New York art dealer, and J ere Abbott, Smith college art museum director, who purchased Dlugosz’s entries.
Dlugosz’s method is based on the principle that when baked, clay supports itself. First, the steelworker-artist builds up the form of a head, or bust. Then he rolls long strips of clay between his palms and places the strips on the form to create facial features. By means of these strips, which he terms “forces," Dlugosz depicts the agony of Christ on the Cross, the worn expression of a laboring steelworker or the pugnacious determination of football halfback bucking the line.
“This method,” the square-jawed, wiry sculptor says, “tells things clearly than rounded sculp-
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrong-Sales B. D
Sunday, October 6
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Sunday School Rally Day Service
Sunday School Service at
Subject : “An honest look at yourself”


10.00
11.00


2.00
contains Parthian dfigin ered near (he
polis by archeologists from the Uni- ^ versify of Pennsylvania, and the | Boston Museum of Fine Arts.
The Kartir stones reveal, Dr. Sprengling said, that the ancient Persians did not practice religious tolerance, contrary to previous conclusions from romantic literature. Religious groups using sacred writings for guidance were persecuted, according to the new translation.
It was indicated that the Zoroas-trians then had no such sacred book of their own.
The Zoroastrjan Kartir, Dr. Sprengling said, is revealed as having been one of the most important religious figures of all time. Inscriptions mentioning him were discovered in 1936, but he then was spoken of only as an obscure young church-
$5.50
3.00
• •
10.30
Austin,
Windbreakers
7.30
Mena Fancy Wool
Colors Navy and Brown, an Acme
Product. Special................

uses
a
$3.50

ANGLICAN Sunday, October 6, St Paul’s
8.00‘am.—Holy Communien
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
11.00	a m —Holy Communion
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn St. Luke’s
1.30	p.m.—Sunday School 2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Renfrew Cloth Windbreakers,
Mens Heavy
All 100 p.c. Wool, Brown or Fancy Colors. Special.......... $4-25 t0 *4,50


School Boys Windbreak-
Quality,
C j" :
Acme
ers,
Fancy Color Combination, Green, Brown and N Blue. Sizes 10 years to A 16 years. Special

man
1/
7
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, October 6,
$3.35 to $3.65
!
Would Aid Nature Lovers
National recreation leaders who have been busy organizing games in city parks for people’s leisure time are placing more emphasis this year on appreciation of natural beauty in the out-of-doors, V. K. Brown, president of the Midwest Institute of Park Executives, told a conference on nature recreation and education recently.
It appears that the new leisure time has sent people to parks to ask officials to map out more softball diamonds, more cricket fields, more tennis courts. The whole movement of organizing people into teams and tournaments for various kinds of organized play has gathered such mentum, recreation leaders point out, that some of the good old-fashioned enjoyment of the out-of-doors has been pushed to the background.
As some of the speakers expressed it at the conference, the extension of playfields in some cases has shut out the man who just wants to be quiet and observe the trees, flowers, birds, squirrels, and take in a little sunshine. Extended beaches, for instance, have cut off the view of the people who just want to leisurely sit and watch the waves roll in. "___________________________

Holy Commuion 10.30 Evening Prayer 2.30
/
Chartens,
Greermount,
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 7.30
Boys Heavy School
Breeks. Color Navy Blue, sizes 26 to 30 Special Price.....


&

l
3
\
a

!
ill
i
Wilson’s Oarage


\\\
more ture."
He wants to continue his work be-he believes "religious art has
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
Boot and Shoe Department Specials
The Lucky
cause
been neglected too long.
As for his fellow workers' wisecracks about pretzel bending, Dlugosz isn’t disturbed. “When you work in a steel mill,” he says, few words don’t bother youT Dlugosz’s formal education ended with the sixth grade in public school.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Growing Girls School Oxfords
Princess” Colors Rust and Black. Special $1.98
• I
It Is Stibnite Now; %
Once It Was Alcohol
mo-
“a
Ford Service
Several solid chunks of what was formerly known as alcohol are now on exhibition in the department of geology of the Field Museum of Natural History, Chicago. With the display of this material it was pointed out by L. Bryant Mather Jr., assistant curator of mineralogy, that the name “alcohol” was once properly used only for a species of eral. •	_
Growing Girls Fancy Suede Oxfords.
Colors. Black. Rust and Navy Blue. All
Special............
Misses Fancy Patent Dutch. Oxfords La Tosca2^SizesJ2_t22______
Womens Fancy and Patent, Gore "La
Tosca’ Special........................
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
$2.25
New Fall Stock
Ancient Copper Smelter
Unearthed Near Red Sea
Once more scientific archeologists are finding things buried under the sands of Palestine for which Biblical allusions are to be found. Excavations conducted near one of the heads of the Red sea, under the direction of Dr. Nelson Glueck of the American School of Oriental Research, Jerusalem, have resulted in uncovering part of the buried city of Ezion-geber, King Solomon’s naval base mentioned in the Book of
$1.75
min-
4 4
• • • • •
“When the word came to Europe in the Seventeenth century, from the Arabic, ‘alcohol’ was a mineral said Mr. Mather. “Howev-this name has been usurped
$2.25
name, pr, since
by the familiar liquid, the mineral ‘alcohol* is now designated as ‘stibnite.*
“This mineral, long known, has been used as a cosmetic since ancient times. Among the Greeks it was known by a name derived from the words meaning ‘wide’ and eye,' since the powdered mineral was used to increase the apparent size of the eye
i known as kohl, from kahala, meaning to color or to stain atrical profession the black powder used for blackening the eyelids is still called kohl, perhaps the only vestige in contemporary language of the original Arabic usage.”
ESTABLISHED 1883
Grocery Specials
COACH
10c
Assorted Jam—any flavor—small jar Assorted Jam and Marmalade, med. jar Pure Marmalade,
Apple and Strawberry Jam Pure Strawberry Jam 4 lb Pail Apple and Strawberry Jam
••	" Pure Marmalade..........
Large Pail Peanut Butter........
INVALID

15c
Kings.	.
While at work the excavators wondered why the ancient city was situated where it was found instead of just a little farther east, where there would be not alone a better drinking water supply but re'ative tree-dom from winds and sands'orms that blow fiercely and frequently, says the Scientific American. They uncovered ancient plants for smelt-
with the assistance of
GEORGE HYNES St SON
large jar 26c
• • •
25c
« 1
• I
Directors of Funeral Service
Among the Arabs it was
32c
4 I
4 4
49c
In the the-
Shawville, Que.
59c
Phone 80
49c
mg copper these same fierce natural drafts. The buildings were not ordinary buildings but were seen to be odd, completely novel to the archeologists. The walls were pierced with
of flues, and these were
interconnected by a system of air channels inside the wails, opening into these flues. Around about weie evidence of the ancient smelting of
fragments of copper ore,
Uncle Sam Has 78,000 Houses
Uncle Sam now has on his hands about 78,000 homes, taken over from ; private owners who turned out to ; be poor risks, says the Christian 'Science Monitor. The article con-
MacLean’s
two rows
RED & WHITE STORE

tinues:
The great majority of these belong to the Home Owners Loan corpora-set up in 1933, as a stop-gap bad credit situation when fore-
• I
Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
copper:
discoloration of the walls and r.u finished articles of copper.
The
I l
lion
House For Sale
merous
The Bible also describes the copper of the adjacent region, and the mocfiern archeologists verified tms by locating sites where it had been excavated long ago, large slag heaps and slave quarters
in a
closures on private homes reached a peak of 1,000 a day.
The HOLC today owns 77,229 homes, worth an average of $6,000 each. It already has sold 80,824 other properties, taking a book loss of approximately $78,834 *’00.
The Federal Hous administra-with a more conservative
House and Lot on King Street, and several household effects, belonging to the late Mrs. John Hides. For particulars apply to
25c
Rolled Wheat, 5 lbs. package
Rolled Oats, per lb................
Wheatena, per lb...................
Walker’s Salted Sodas, 1 lb. package
Macaroni,
Tapioca,
Sago,
Broken Rice
Blue Rose Rice,	...•••••
Peanut Butter. Ice box jar Maple Butter, large tin Sandwich Spread, per jar National Soap Chips, large package Cassia Buds. Whole Allspice. Celery Seed.
Curry Powder and Tumeric, per pkg .....
C M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package
Break Up That
5c
5c
JOHN B ARMSTRONG
Cold With
a
*
OR
12c
THOMAS EADES,
Shawville, Quebec
Golf Balls Are ‘Dimpled'
Golf balls are dimpled. You must have noticed that and possibly have wondered why. A golf ball has about 300 dimples or meshes. Why? John M. Davies of the B F. Goodrich company research laboratories explained to the American Physical society recently. Golf balls travel 98 to 115 miles an hour, according to whether the golfer is a gee-whiz or a dub. A backspin of about 2,000 revolutions a minute is imparted to the ball by the driver. A niblick may increase this to 10,000 revolutions. This spin helps keep the ball in the air. Smooth surfaced balls drop more quickly than the dimpled kind. The indentations give the ball a greater "hold” on the air. The longer it can stay in the air, the faster it will travel. Mechanical strokes have sent the dimpled ball 230 yards as against 80 yards when the smooth ball was
used.'	i
6c
lb
lion,
credit policy, meanwhile has had to foreclose on only 1,188 small home properties and three large housing projects out of approximately 465,730 mortgages it has underwritten to
daThe FHA has sold about half of its foreclosed homes, with an average loss on each of between $400 and
$600.
per
acetophen
tablets
12c
• • •
No Trespassing:
All persons found trespassing on Lots 138, 229 and 240 of tbs Village of Campbell’s Bay, Pontiac County, Que., will be prosecuted.
MRS. MARGARET STILES,
Owner
12c
6c
8c
Three Sizes
25c
25c
Costs less than one cent a tablet
25c
* # #
25c
Big Ben
Big Ben, the hour bell of the great Westminster clock on top of the Three good farms for sale or rent, houses of parliament, is named fairly good buildings, lots of water on after Sir Benjamin Hall, afterward each place, light and heavy land six Lorcl Llanover, who was first corn-miles from Quyon, good gravel road, missioner of works in 1856, when the close to school and church ; also good board of works signed a contract mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to with a London firm of bell founders
MR P J DOLAN	for the casting of a 14-ton be 1 and
« 1L No. “	Q..	-""1“
Farms For Sale or Rent
5c
5c
THE CORNER STORE
10c
4 -
/
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Cen,re®£*E
SHAWVILLE.
###PAGE###6###
1

Tiie old theory rested on experiments in which each kind of food fed by Itself and meat, or protein, caused the greatest amount of body heat. In Dr. Forbes’ experiments he fed proteins, fata and - all together and showed that under those circumstances the meats don’t cause so mu oh heat production.

Chemical Society meeting recently in Detroit.
The right way, «aid Dr. E. B. Forbes, director of the Institute of Animal Nutrition at Pennsylvania State College, is to eat lean meat and other protein foods as usual, and be careful about consumption of starch, sugar and fat.
LESS STARCH, SUGAR, FAT
Dominion Gains In Intellectuals
can
i
Jack Tar and Gob Fraternize
was
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON



They’re Moving Here From
Ab r o a d Thinkers and Authors May Improve Quality of Canadian Literature

sugars
r

Distinguished
afc-JE



I
LESSON XIII
the use and abuse of
WEALTH.—Proverbs 11;
Luke 16: 1-13.
PRINTED TEXT, Prov. 11: 24-31;
Luke 16: 11-13.
GOLDEN TEXT—Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven.
Matt. 6: 20.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Solomon flourished about 1000 B.C.; the message of our Lord taken from Luke was given in January, A.D. 30.
Place.—There are no geographical localities mentioned in the chapter taken from the book of Proverbs; the parable spoken by Jesus was uttered in Peraea.
There are many things that need not trouble us In life, many temptations that do not touch us, yet no man or woman can escape considering the subject of how to make money honorably or what to do with money when it is made, for money we must have, no matter how economically we choose to live. Our lesson today has to do with what the Bible teaches concerning the use of this important medium of exchange and power for purchasing what we need.
Effect Upon Character What we do with money has a tremendous influence upon character and also upon the character of others. Money has In it the power either to sanctify or to pollute human life. Men are burdened by money, are separated from simplicity and polluted in the integrity of their moral judgments. We are here considering in our exposition of the eleventh chapter of Proverbs only those passages which relate directly to the fundamental problem of our lesson.
Rewards of Liberality
V

- > .

¦
!
Speaking before the Canadain Association at Saint
1
r
By William Ferguson

r
7/v/s Curious world
Authors’
Anne de Bellevue, Quebec, recently, Jean Charles Harvey, editor of Le Jour, of Montreal, pointed out that the Dominion stood to gain from a literary point of view by welcoming distinguished thinkers and authors who arc compelled to flee from Europe. “The geniuses of an old positcr. “The geniuses of an old world,” he declared, “by migrating to our borders may become so fond of our country, our freedom, that they may be the expression of our national life. By giving those with eyes to see and minds to understand the chance to benefit by the glories of Canadian nature, Canadian literature would be stimulated into growth and Canada would produce great writers, painters and musicians.”
There is much to be said for Mr. Harvey’s point of view. The United States has gained tremendously by the number of distinguished phers,
professors in ments of knowledge who have found a domicile in that country. Canada can make no mistake in - j its doors to scholarly who, because of their inde-
f

m
$
I

-
¦
m
: Sg ft	, l
m

O


CANCER.

m
IS COWAAON IN ALL ANIMALS FROM TINY
/NSEC7S
<
HRS
!
I
I
TO

ELEPHANTS.


i
IF THE
CARTH-S POLAR.
ice cafS:
SHOULD MELT: THE
GREATER. PART OFJ
FLORIDA
WOULD BE
UNOERl
WATER*/
1-

I
1
>
x|

The spirit of friendship and good-will that has characterised -the relations between the British Empire and the United States here is dramatically typified by the American sailor, one of many who brought some over-age destroyers to Eastern Canadian ports, and the Royal Naval rating who has come from his own country to help man the ships during their voyage to the United Kingdom. They are shown above on the stem of a U.S. destroyer.
?
>
?
k
t
\
a*
V
SÎ
scientists, pkfiloso-writers and university various depart-

i
/g
»
/
i
Late Apples
which is idolatry. This is an uncompromising statement. In actual life we find that millions of so-called Christians are seeking to follow this out, but are holding on to the things of the world at the same time, believing that they are serving God. When a Christian is serving God with the whole heart and mind, he cannot love mammon; and when he is seeking the things of the world, putting money first, he is not serving God at all.
'P
I
our
f
i
»



opening men '
pendence of thought, find m place for their talents in Nazi-dominated countries. There will be a considerable exodus of this type of men from Austria, Czc-cho-Slovakia, • Poland, France, and other occupied countries. Since the last war Canada has made very substantial progress in the development of its literature, and every addition should be welcomed.
;
»
Late apples on forgotten trees Are flavored with a strange delight ;
Sweeter than grapes of Celebes Late apples on forgotten trees Bring visions of Hesperide Dreams half-remembered after night
Late apples on forgotten trees Are flavored with a strange delight.
—Lucille Evans in Science Monitor.
IN ONE .YEAR;,
„ a£ aaanv asv
%
»
m
MILLION GALLONS
ofTURPENTINE”
>


y
HAVE BEEN TAKEN
f
ttiNTji
COP*. 1*3# SY NEA SERVICE: INC. M|
ENOUGH water is locked up in the ice of the earth's polar re-, gions to raise the world's sea level about 150 feet. This would destroy much of Holland, flood the lower Mississippi valley and ruin every harbor in the world.
NEXT: In walking one mile, to what total height does the aver* age person lift each foot?
UNITED STATES.
r
Miniature Pistol
Fires Bullets
Christian

Proverbs 11:
24. There is that scattereth, and increaseth yet more; And there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it tendeth only to want.
26. The liberal soul shall be made fat; And he that watereth shall be watered also himself.
He is the richest man in the esteem of the world who has acquired most; he is richest In the es-of heaven who has given
Guelph, Ont., police had a difficult job tossed at them when Edgar H. Croft, antique dealer, brought his revolver in to be registered, on measures a half from end of butt to end of barrel, being approximately one-half inch in length.
An odd thing about it is that it actually fires bullets—bullets less than one-eighth inch in length. According to Mr. Croft, the pellets will lodge in a thin board at six yards.
Among the 521 refugees in Hemsey, London, are representatives of Belgium, France, Czechoslovakia, Holland, Poland, Malta, Rumania, and Hungary.
Form Notes . .
Low Ceilings Are
In Vogue Today
K-
Fall Fertilization Improves Pasture
The nickel-plated weap-about one inch and
i
¦
1

The prospective home owner is advised to consider ceiling height of the rooms, especially as it affects general construction costs.
One of the chief features of homes erected in the late nineties and early 1900’s was the high lofty ceiling. This was believed an aid in keeping the room cool.
Architects today lean toward lower ceilings, having established the fact that any space greater than 12 inches above a window head is of no cooling value unless ventilated.
»
FEMININE DIPLOMAT
\
There is no more important crop in Canada than pasture, and in the light trf the production of nutritious feed during the past summer months, now is the time to make plans to increase its / value.
given the results expected, asks Paul Gervais, Dominion Experimental
P.Q., what is the reason? Is it a question of drainage, acidity, or fertility that is at fault? In the last case, commercial fertilizers if used with judgment, will help correct the situation.
Tests have disclosed that it is better to spread fertilizer in early September, rather than in the spring.
two exceptions to this rule: one when the ground is too steep and second when the fertilizer contains nitrogen. In the latter case, the phosphorous and potash may be applied in the fall and the nitrogen in the following spring. When a pasture is fertilized for the first time, it is well to use the highest amount mentioned. The applications of fertilizer should be repeated every three, four or five years, depending on the fertility of the soil and the needs of the plants. These recommendations are general and may be modified according to the circumstances.
orate not only by poor management but also for lack of fertilizing elements.
teem
most. He who gives his five barley and two small fishes Into
» '

the USA.
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle
1,5,8, Former [CTfi stateswoman,
Rohde.	IP P
11 To pickle.	p U
13 Song.
15	Cup used in	|UB
refining.	IN Y
16	Fabric.	|TE
18 Billiard shot.	FA
20	Gold quartz.	|jjg
21	Opal glass.
24	Roof point covering.
25	New York (abbr.).
26	Cheats.
28	Half an em.
29	Jumbled type. 50 Upon.
30	Ear parts.
32	Lode.
33	Indefinite article.
34	Skillets
35	Point.
36	Eye tumor.
37	Therefore.
39	Hawaiian food
40	Compass point
41	To skim.
43 Instructor.
loaves
the hands of Jesus sees the people fed and gets twelve baskets over. Set no limit to your gifts of money, time, energy; In the act of giving the whole that you have expended will return to you, and mere also. 26. He that withholdeth grain, the people shall curse him; but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it. In the early stages of commerce there seems no way of making money rapidly bo sure ss that of buying up corn in time of death, waiting until the dearth heavily, and then selling
A
16	Hastened.
17	Post.
19 She was also
I
If the pasture has not
to
Denmark.
22	3.1416.
23	Gaseous element.
26	Sieved.
27	Kind of
Lennoxville,
Station,
EES
poisoning.
29 Vigor.
31 To remark.
36 To fly.
38	Tubular sheath.
39	Hammer heads. v
40	Intelligence.
42	Hindi dialect
43	Definite article.
44	Owl's cry.
47 Upright shaft
Y
RADIO REPORTER
45	Railroad (abbr.).
46	Kind of boiler 4 Color.
5	To exist.
6	To submit.
7	North Carolina.
8	English coin
9	Had on.
interest. 3 Shark.
presses
at famine prices. That sort of thing
the world to-
By DAVE ROBBINS
Is going on all over day.
There are, however,
51 To do again.
53	Foreigner
54	Pillar.
56	She is the
----of Win.
J. Bryan.
57	Correlative of brother.
Foolish Trust In Riches 27. He that diligently seeketh good seeketh favor; But he that searcheth after evil, it shall come unto him. 28. He that trusteth in his riches shall fall; But the right-shall flourish as the green
anti-Nazi writer and authority on subersive infiltration. .
There will be no false whiskers in these pieces — and real names, places and incidents will be used For which hurray for the stouthearted buckos, who believe in the things they had handed down to them.
AROUND THE DIAL
The biggest star of the radio world Is due back again this Fri-
Kate Smith, and it
will be a glad “hello everybody," for the listeners sure like the big girl with the personable voice. Then too, Willie Howard, ace comedian will be In Kate’s show this season — so altogether it should be a sure-fire Friday night feature.
day evening —
10 To run away 48 Beer 12 Dilatory.
14	Sharp and harsh.
15	She was a member of
49 Courtesy title
51	Road.
52	Giant king.
54	Postscript.
55	Transposed.
eons
leaf. 29. He that troubleth his own house shall Inherit the wind; And the foolish shall be servant to the wise of heart. 30. The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; And he that is wise winneth souls. 31. Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth; How much the wicked and the sinner!
Compare Ps. 49: 6, 7 and Prov. 10: 22. The man who trusts in his riches is a man who expects that his riches will give him all that he needs, not only of the material things of life, but peace, and joy in his own heart, loved ones, friends, a great reputation. Such a man is bound to be disappointed, because wealth in itself will not at all bring these things; neither is it able to make these things permanently abide in a man’s life.
VERTICAL
2 Exorbitant rate of
And a funny one from Fairbanks, Alaska. KFAR in that far northern town presented a new program of a transcribed night club show complete with band, entertainers and sound effects. So impressed were several folks that they hailed a cab, and heeding the announcer’s advice, asked to be driven to the Arctic Supper Club. Now that cabbie is looking for the KFAR announcer with a nice sharp tomahawk!
6
I
.4
Everybody’s happy with the word that Mart Kenny and his Western gentlemen, those master music makers from Vancouver, will be heard on a CBC network program iu the East during the coming cold spell.
I
more
18
Pastures detevi-
24
2
i
22
I
20
28
2

Orson Welles, screwball genius of the entertainment world, held dozens of auditions for the role of the Shadow — thinking to get a newer and still more fearsome voice. Then the bearded badman suddenly threw them all out, and decided to retain Bill Johnstone again to scare the grown-ups and bring cheers from the kiddies.
30
2'
‘Eat Less Meat’ Theory Is Wrong

f
3
2

TRIVIA: Contrary to other rumors, Toscanini will be on NBC this fall . . . Don Willson of the Benny show will also announce “Good News" this season. . . Mary Livingston (Mrs. Jack Benny) is expecting . . . Buddy Rogers sez he's all through as an orchy leader, and will work as motion picture producer . . . Songstress Ginny of Kyser's crew has been offered a motion picture contract . . . Fletcher Henderson has joined Count Basie's orchy as an arranger.
m
36
1

Experiments Reported To American Chemical Society Show Lean Meat at Meals In Hot Weather Doesn't Produce Too Much Heat
y
9
0
7

Stewardship

i
Luke 16: 11. If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit it
trust the true riches?

WMCA in New York has a great Idea. They are presenting a series of programs entitled “Trojan Horses" designed specifically to reveal the activities of fifth columnists in the United States. The exposes are conducted by Albert Brandt, noted
5
to your
12. And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another's, who will give you that which is your “Mammon" is a Syrian word for money. The money which men have here is another's, even God’s. In comparison with the abiding treas-of eternal things, which are the true riches, it is temporal and transient; and a time is coming when it shall fail: but if the man who has been intrusted with it has been unfaithful, and has approp-iated to himself what really belonged to God, how can it be ex pected that God will give him enduring spiritual wealth and happiness. which shall be his very own, inalienable possessions?
One Master To Serve 13. No servant can serve two for either he will have
The old advice to eat less meat to keep cool in hot weather was shown to be exactly wrong in experiments reported to the Ameri-
Si
s
#lll
own?
i
By J. MILLAR WATT
Clearing a Trap
POP
ures
I
WHAI :
SEND rOR A PLUMBER -
£:vV •
j
V

RIDICULOUS :
FOR A SIMPLE JOB LIKE-THAT
>
s
sr.
€
V
rJ
é>
»
/


%
t
i

?

a
1
F »
ih

mast-
the one, and lOVI the other; or else he will hold to one, and do-spise the other. Ye cannot serve God and Mammon. Mammon here Is personified as a deity, devotion to whom Is shown in “covetousness
J
/ X

I
X
I
ti
1-26
\ I
",

lilt )
iCurr/l3h.<* h/
lie I
f P
###PAGE###7###
He Used His Head
Bomb Crater in Front of Buckingham Palace
I"
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH . 1H
14-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN - 6J4 also packed in Pocket Tins

HEALTH
TOPICS
When the steel pen superseded the quill pen a French manufacturer stood to lose everything he had on earth. He started to make quill toothpicks and made a fortune instead. Until quite recently his factory turned out upwards of twenty million of these toothpicks per year.
National Railways System still supply them.
f».

«


« « *
The Perfect Child
i
D

The proper way to rear a “perfect" child according to a ther who has done so in the eyes of medical authorities, is to avoid intricate health rules and «don't try to force your child to
eat."
Hotels of the Canadian
»
mo-
lt.

Iflll
e
Rain Tells Time


Tie
:
In Canada we use watches and docks for telling the time, but in Para, Brazil, they rely on rain to check the hours. It rains so regularly in short, heavy showers that people make appointments «after the third shower," or “the fifth shower," and so on. In Hawaii there are similar showers, which are almost invariably localized? People who can see it raining a little way ahead, stop where they are until the rain
lifts.
The mother is Mrs. Joseph C. Thomson, of Peoria, 111., whose daughter, Joan Carole, age three,
of two children given
100 per cent health ratings Better Babies Conference contest at the Illinois State Fair at Springfield.
MILK AND SUNSHINE Joan Carole was tied for first place in the health contest with the year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wilbur Henry of Gillespie. Henry is the former “Wib" Henry of University of Illinois football fame, who now coaches at Gillespie high school.
“Lots of milk and plenty of sunshine are very important and so are regular checkups with the doctor and dentist," said Mrs.

i
Try Windowless Dwellings Next?

What Science 1$ Doing
was one
in the
1
tikx *
And. "Invisible" ..Towns., if British Architects’ Plans Materialize — Protection Against Bombs
1 _


GRASS INTO OIL
In less than two hour’s time grass, leave*, seaweed, wood, mol-and cornstalks are changed into coal or oil by a new process announced at the Carnegie Institute of Technology, Pittsburgh.
The raw materials are heated, under pressure, with limestone and other similar chemicals. The heat and the pressure abolish time almost literally.
DISCOVERS “DRY" WATER
Dry water, a new chemical curiosity. was described to the American Chemical Society today by Dr. Irving Langmuir, famous American Nobel Prize winner in physics.
The water is dry only in one way, that no moisture evaporates from its surface.
'
MM"

If the war goes on another year Britons may be living in windowless houses in ‘invisible" towns and sleeping in “bomb proof" bedrooms, says a copyright story in the New York Tribune.
British architects have for some time been planning wartime housing estates which will be as invisible and as safe from the air as possible. Some of their plans are view at an exhibition at
HSSOS
»¦?
I


- HAVE • YOU HEARD?
- '< xfZ. vakM*
JAMî'ss as s*àîü s tetf
Palace.

Thompson.
Joan Carole eats a heavy breakfast, but goes light at lunch and dinner. Last year her mother was afraid that Joan was not eating enough to provide the
for strenuous
Canadian National Railways Revenues
A man bought a canary from a bird dealer. “You’re quite sure this bird can sing?" he enquired suspiciously.
“It’s a grand singer,” piped
the dealer.
The customer left, later he reappeared.
“Look here," he roared, “this bird you sold me is lame!”
“Well,” snapped the dealer, “what the dickens did you want? A singer or a dancer?"
now on
the Royal Institute of British Ar chitects.
Modern
Etiquette
FLYING GLASS DANGER One prize winning drawing is that of a two-family house, one storey, with a communicating door in the middle which in peace time would be the main chimney between the two homes. None of the rooms has windows. It is,explained that most of the air raid injuries are due to flying glass. The bedrooms, which in the centre of each house, with living rooms and kitchens at each end, are in themselves complete shelters. The beds are range*! in cubicles.
The gross revenues of the all-Canadian National
necessary energy " child play, but later decided the child’s appetite was in proportion to her needs.
inclusive
Railways System for the week ending September 14,	1940
... $ 4,888,627 5,308,350
A week
BY ROBERTA LEE
were ..........
as compared with
NEW CHEMICAL MIRACLES
Four new chemical miracles— wall paint which kills disease germs, a terrific explosive, electrical weaving, and the first step in synthetic quinine from oil wells— were announced to the American Chemical Society last week.
The antiseptic paints are made with a little chlorine-or iodine, result of thousands of experiments.
The explosive is a combination of butadiene, the stuff with which Germany makes synthetic rubber, and ozone. It was discovered at Syracuse University, and is so sensitive its power has not been measured.
••••••
1. When a husband does not like to write letters, shouldn’t his wife be willing to do this for
him?
Earthworms can travel not only through the hardest soil but through brick walls and
for the corresponding period of 1939, a decrease of ...........
$	419,723
or 8%
even concrete:
are
2. Shouldn’t you always ask a for permission to use his reference, before do-
“Willie, 1 heard
Mother: instead of going to Sunday-school this plcycd football.”
Willie: “That isn’t tru and I’ve got a string of fish to prove it.”
person name as a ing so?
3.	Is it necessary that everybody be introduced at a large wedding reception?
4.	Is it necessary for the bride %nd groom to tell anyone the destination of their honeymoon trip?
5.	When a girl has two dinner partners, isn’t she privileged to talk more to the one who is the
most interesting?
6.	How should a servant address a young girl in the household, who is sixteen years of age?
ar-
morning you
After the Blitz — Comes The Morning Milk
j
Fussy Burglar
When A. C. Mart indale, investigator for the district attorney, called in a Houston, Texas, housewife to question a 23-year-old Negro burglary suspect, she asked the suspect if he had taken a single bite out of a lemon pie in her icebox and then put the pie back. The Negro admitted he had. didn’t you eat the rest of it?” she asked. "To tell you the truth,” he •T didn’t like it.” The
A hunter was showing off his trophies to a group of visitors. He was rapturously explaining how he acquired the various hibits. “See that elephant?” he “I shot it in my pyjamas:” “My word,” murmured the vis-“how did it get there?”

ex-
said.
Charged with speeding, Albert Assinger, an engineer of Milwaukee, Wis rule in his own defense. He told the court that, had he been traveling at 44 miles an hour as the police officer had testified, he would have been stopped 829 feet beyond the spot where he was arrested. The court suspended sentence.

itor,
“Why
whipped out his slide
Algernon (to his valet) — The doctor has ordered me to take more exercise, so 1 will wind up my watch in the future.
‘	Answers
1. No. He should write his own “thank you letters,” as well as all other letters to his relatives and personal friends, written by someone else is somewhat similar to giving a person a secondhand gift. 2. Yes, always. 8. It is not at all necessary. 4. It is better to tell the best man. At least one person should know, in case for- some urgent reason they should be reached. 5. Never. She should try to divide her attention equally. 6. “Mise Helen.”
replied,
housewife then snapped to Martin-“I could forgive him break-
dale:
ing into my house, but that remark about my pie is the last straw. I know I make the best pies in the
A letter
The handwriting of Horace Greeley, the famous editor, was dreaded by all who were called to decipher it, for it was
It has been once
neighbourhood.”
*
upon
extremely illegible, humorously reported that
of Greeley’s reporters ink-

»
9

ABOUT 150 MODELS to CHOOSE FROM
Guns

some
ed the feet of a chicken and had it walk around a sheet of paper, and that when the results were presented to the great editor’s1 favorite compositor, the good man readily set the matter up in type. Of course, this is an aggeration, but the following is said to be true:
One day, Mr. Greeley sent a note to another editor in the city, but the other mai
LARGEST—and llewt Catalogue of Gun* and Hunting Equipment sent FREfB on requeet.
Special A. L. A W. Falcon Double Il n r r e I Hammerlea* Gun, 12 Gouge, < nniida’N Greatest Value.
$35.95
Allcock, Laight & Westwood
Co., Ltd.
233 Hay St., Toronto
m
r.' .
ex-
How Con I?
aw.
I

*222 SENDS 1,000
"BRITISH CONSOLS"
"EXPORT" or "LEGION" Cigarettes
to any slngk Military Address Overseas
i
BY ANNE ASHLEY
1

i
3
%t luttantmie
jjiom cAa&tcoâk,
chdiHQhÿ Acte
dbloats. w
same
could not understand it, and sent it back. Greeley thought it was a reply, but being unable to read it, remarked to the messenger boy who had delivered it: “What in the world does that fellow mean?”
“That,” replied the messenger, “is exactly what the other man said.”
»
Q. How can I keep the bath sponge clean and sweet?
A. Rub a fresh lemon thoroughly into it and then rinse thoroughly in hot water. If the sponge is very slimy, steep it :n vinegar and water over night, or for about twelve hours.
Q. How can I brighten a dull
carpet?
A. First sweep the carpet clean. Then dip a soft, clean mop into a pail containing V» gallon of cold water and % teacup of amonia, or vinegar; wring It well and rub over the carpet. It will be as bright and fluffy
iiSEEBIü
their windows and keep them awake nights.
CANADIAN SOLDIERS IN C.A.S.F. UNITS ONLY
Mall Order end HemHfence le OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
/
I
9
W. C. MACDONALD INC.,
A
Be* 1929, Mace d’Armes,
229,063 Young
Canadians Born
A Special Prize For Best Plowing
Montreal, Canada
TMsmw subnet tew chattel! Givsrsatot Ref ulatitns
ILL
“1 understand she married a struggling young man. ' “Yes, he struggled, but he couldn’t get away.”
:is

Salada Tea Offers Prize of $10.00 at Every Match For Best Plowed Land In Sod — Compete At International
More Marriages Took Place In Canada Last Year, Vital Statistics Reports Show
Ontario
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
a# new.
Q. How can I prevent ttoeese from molding?
A. Wrap the cheese in a cloth constantly moistened with vine-and this will keep it from Butter the cut edges
e • i
• • •
Births registered in Canada during 1939 totalled 229,063, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports, compared with 229,446 in 1938.
While the total was slightly less than the previous year, the bureau pointed out, it was considerably higher than the 1937 figure of 220,235, or the 1931-35 average of 228,352.
Marriage recorded a sudden upswing in 1939 to 103,608, compared with 88,438 the previous year and the 68,596 average for 1931-35.
PI PS FOR SALE
Horse plowmen who figuie they are pretty good in sod will be looking forward to their Branch matches to take a fling at the $10.000 prize SALADA TEA is offering for the best plowed land in sod, using horses.
PRIZE OF A TRIP Winners of the event in every Branch in Ontario will be entitled to plow in the SALADA SPECIAL at the “INTERNATIONAL” where the prizes should attract plowmen from all the Province of Ontario. First two winners will be awarded gold and silver medals and an extensive trip in the Spring, and the next twelve — from $25.00 to $5.00.
P.O, BOXES
PAHS NEW A!Xl> USED
TO POSTMASTERS, FOR SALE $1.00 each — small combination Boxes. Apply Postmaster. Powell River, B.C.	_________
ST. BERNARDS, REGISTERED puppies, beautiful markings, gdod companions, priced to sell. Elwood Hawkins. Mansfield, Ontario.______
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler. Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt Pleasant Road. 2040 Yonge St.. 1650 Dan forth Avenue. Our U sed Cars make us many friends.
BBlNFORMATION BUREAU________
INFORMATION ON ANY SUBJECT. Questions of any nature answered, 25 cents each. Five for dollar. Write Vertlleb's Information Bureau Wawbewawa, Ontario.____
gar,
molding.
of the cheese to keep it from hardening.
Q. Hw can I remove match scratches from wood?
A. First rub the marks with a cut lemon, and then with a damp cloth and a little whiting. Rinse and polish with a soft cloth.
Q. How can I remedy a cork which is suspected of leaking?
A. Remove the cork and place H in boiling water. Let it remain until the water is cool; then place the cork in the bottle and it will be as good as new. •
Q. How can I rid my house of mice?
A. Place a little oil of peppermint about their haunts on wads of cotton. This causes them to go elsewhere.
PORTABLE SILOS
PULLETS, CHICKS
GET THE MOST FEED VALUE OUT of your corn this season by storing it in a Keenan Portable Silo. It will keep your ensilage in perfect condition zat only a fraction of the eost of a permanent silo. Sold In sizes of 10 feet. 14 feet and 16 feet diameter. Includes everything necessary for erection. The cost la small. Write for prices. The Keenan Fence Co., Owen Sound, Ontario.
WE'VE STILL A FEW 8-9 WEEK, also ready-to-lay pullets, and chicks to fill fall orders. Fall Service Bulletin on the press.—Bray, Hatchery, 130 John, Hamilton, Ont.
PRINTING
WOMEN, GIRLS WANTED
HOUSEWIVES—
ATTENTION
Know your Preserves and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c. 500 Labels 25c postpaid. Lewis Printing. Station H, Toronto. Canada.
over
Earn from $10 to $15 weekly selling F AMI LEX HIGH QUALITY GOODS to relatives and established clientele. Everyone spends money on household and toilet articles, etc. Every FAMI LEX customer is a satisfied customer. Work 5 or 6 6 hours per day. profit by our experience, and you will succeed. NO RISK — good earnings assured to workers. Let us help you. Write at once to Mica St. George, 570 St. Clement Street, Montreal.
USED TIRES FOR SALE
GOOD USED TIRES, ALL SIZES. Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited. Brockton Tire, 1611 Dundas West, Toronto.	_________
A woman of twenty may reck-that she hai fifty years more
PULLETS, CHICKS
on
jash prizes
to live.
SEND FOR catalogue of free range high quality pullets 12 weeks to 24 weeks of age. Also day old chicks all popular breeds.—Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ont.
OUR PRICES AND
PHOTO FINISHING
FREE! You Can Now Own
'FEMALE PAI
Women who suffer painful, lrregu-
complete act of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this a loosing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlarge, ment In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J., Toronto.
ARE YOU BETWEEN 18 AND 35 YEARS OF AGE?
Silver Company.
Barn Roofing—Granary Lining
Guaranteed
|j„ you know that all Canadian Citizen» between these ages are entitled to take Civil Service Examination*, qualifying for Government Positions.
Numerous po-lllou* will he filled
front time to time.
FOR INFORMATION WRITE PREMIER VOCATIONAL TRAINING, LTD.
«7 YONGE ST.
8UPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST less, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia. Ontario.
lar periods with nervous, moody spells due to functional cause should find Lydia E. Plnkhanvs Vegetable Compound simply marvelous to relieve such distress.
*1 Pink ham’s Compound Is made especially to help weak, tired women to go smiling thru difficult days. Over 1.000,000 women have reported amt zing benefits. WELL WORTH I TRYING I
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
m,
CAa/nt&cl&i
Used
New
SPECIALIZING IN KEIILILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic Holcl*. Wlnvhee, Generator*, Starter*,
Radiator*
i
Slow Burning
i
CIGARETTE PAPERS
M rVN rTf Nl> MA ill
Magneton?

Service,
— Exchange Snllafactlon Levy Auto Parle, Dept. J.. Toronto.
.)
(ilttllM —
or
ISSUE 39—’40
Abookiit,C
DOUBLE
###PAGE###8###
?

Women Now Get Paid For Talking; They Lecture
As talkers, women are losing their amateur standing. From the field of chatter, where the jokesmiths have misplaced them so long, they have risen to professional prominence in the serious business of lecturing.
So declared Ralph McCallister, director of the Adult Education council. Women, though not dominating the lecture platform, will hold an enviable place alongside men, he declared.
“There isn't any doubt that women have come of age when it comes to lecturing,” said McCallister. Gone is the feminine viewpoint that was typical of the woman speaker of the old days. Now her approach to a subject is the same as that of a man. She stands on her own feet and discusses the same problems that men do.
“There are women lecturing today who will talk politics, economics and world problems as well as any man. Bocks, literature and personal reminiscences are as much theirs to talk about as anybody’s.
“They aren't yet in demand as much ag men, but their prestige is growing. Although a woman is referred to in jest as being a natural talker, there is no doubt that she gives public speaking more serious thought and attention and study than does a man.
“A woman speaker is more conscientious than a man about preparation, I believe. She makes more of an effort to put herself across.”
However, Mr. McCallister admitted, all this does not yet make her a dangerous competitor of the male lecturer.
“Our men are still more in demand than our women as lectur-he said
men’s groups always want a man, and women’s clubs always insist on a man as their speaker.”
Quoted Bible for Scheme But Postal Laws Got Them
“Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven. Yça, the Lord shall give that which is good ; and our land shall yield her increase.” —Psalms 85:11-12.
So wrote a little group of men, whose headquarters are in Chicago, on some of their reams of circulars when they were spreading the gospel of Plenocracy in 1933. It was one of the many ways of “explaining” how money sent to them would return 30 per cent annually.
Since then their troubles included a state court proceeding, after which they changed the name of their organization. Then came a federal injunction that resulted in a jail sentence for one of their officers. The latest episode occurred when a federal grand jury indicted six of their leaders on charges of defrauding hundreds of persons throughout the country of several hundred thousand dollars. .
explained the Plenocrats, to the reader who persevered, “has a plan become available to the people that operates in accordance with the rules and regulations as set forth in the Bible.
“The 30 per cent natural increase annually in Plenocracy should not be confused with 30 per cent interest on money,” it was explained, “because the 30 per cent natural increase in Plenocracy is a genuine increase and the 6 per cent, 10 per cent, 20 per cent or 30 per cent on money would be an artificial and fictitious increase.”
How were the Plenocrats to make money?
The general idea was that they would operate a large number of farms in all sections of the country. Risk of loss would be eliminated because of the geographic and climatic diversification of the lands that were to be operated by experts using “scientific methods that would not fail to yield 30 per cent yearly. The government charged, however, that the few farms controlled were mostly in this area, that they were operated by managers, tenants or former unsuccessful owners and showed a loss instead of the promised gains.
Cemetery Memorials

New Fall Suits
Tops in style, fancy shades of greens, browns,
blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
with two trousers
>
Get Our Prices Before Buying1 Elsewhere
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
I
New Fall Hats
I
$1.95 to $2.95
Latest Shades and Styles
*
Forsyth Dress Shirts
V
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.65
Coloured Stripes and White
f

The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
S
Farm For Sale
Grandma’s Menu, Too,
Had Plenty of Vitamins
Grandmothers were good cooks and turned out meals with plenty of unsuspected vitamins when their store of foods permitted wide choice, out modern cooks in streamlined kitchens must be good cooks and also food engineers who can provide vitamins, calories, and minerals, without stuffing their families, say nutrition specialists at Ohio State university.
Cooks of the old school probably never heard of calories, but they knew folks who had plenty of different things to eat could live, work, and keep warm. Energy for these purposes came from the carbohydrates, fats and proteins, and grandmother learned quickly that the cooks who used plenty of butter, cream and eggs had the most Viests.
>
$2.25
The best shirt on the market
i
• ••
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 100 acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and terms apply to
»

McGregor Hose

Never before
I
SOots.
:
Specially Priced at
J. H. HORNER.
Sand Bay, Shawville, Que

Phone 22a
£
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
r
Farm For Sale
I
t
Well improved farm all cleared and fenced, clay loam, all in hay. buildings. Will sell on very easy terms. Apply to
Fair
i
PETER WILSON,
' Cobdcn, Ont

I

Farm For Sale or Rent
DALE’S TINSHOP
That’s because
ers
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or less, on the seventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. One hundred acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
EDWARD H. MEE,
Shawville, Que
Now, the minerals, calcium, phosphorus and iron are given attention by modern cooks because they are likely to be low in the average diet. Calcium and phosphorus form a have changed. Formerly a woman |arge part of the bones and teeth, would speak on: “A Woman's View Some of the calcium, however, stays of Politics.” Now it's: “What’s the m the blood stream and is neces-Matter With Politics?” or a general sary for the proper functioning of subiect, “The Washington Scene "

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Mr. McCallister pointed out how topics chosen by women speakers
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
General Business For Sale
!
he heart and the coagulation of the
General store business for sale: stock $4,000.00 to $5,000 00, stores and fixtures to rent. Molybdenite mine here in full operation.
Formerly, he said a woman might blood appear to speak on “Your Children and Mine
suming as much importance as men | discovered, but vitamins, A, B1, C in certain fields, it is easy to obtain a woman who can discuss “The Psychology of the Adolescent.”
Mr. McCallister believes, from the Adult Education council's experience, that about one of five important lecturers today are women.
Mrs. Roosevelt, who is not managed by his bureau, he points to as the highest paid lecturer in the country and one of the leaders in the field of feminine public speaking.
Vitamins were unheard of a few Now, with women as- j decades ago. Today, eight have been

D and G are the best known. Quantities of vitamins and minerals were thrown away with the liquid from cooked vegetables until nutritionists showed homemakers the importance of cooking foods to conserve these health-giving nutrients.
Nutrition specialists point out that scientists have discovered how certain foods in the diet can prevent or cure pellagra, rickets, nutritional anemia and other body disorders These findings have been a great boon to society.
A five-point diet worked out by the university specialists will fur-
F. A. DAVIS
Quyon Que
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked over.
Mirror-Making Changed by New ‘Silvering’ Process
The ancient art of mirror making has yielded at last to modern industrial science.
Since 1835, when Baron Justus von Liebig, a German chemist, poured a silvering solution out of a white china pitcher onto a pane of glass, the pitcher has been the principal tool of the mirror manufacturers. The process was slow and tedious, but despite its handicaps more than 500 mirror makers produced an estimated 80,000,000 square feet of mirror glass annually by the pitcher-pouring process.
William Peacock. Philadelphia metallurgist, is credited with bringing streamline, mass production methods to the mirror industry. After nine years of experimentation and thousands of tests he found a better, quicker method. The principal feature of his new process is a silvering solution that instantaneously deposits a film of silver on a pane of glass.
Because of this instantaneous action, Mr. Peacock was able to spray his silvering solution onto the glass with a spray gun. not unlike those used to paint automobiles. Mirror glass which formerly had to be laid flat on a table can be stood almost erect on racks, saving valuable floor space and cutting down the time required to turn a pane of polished plate glass into a silveied mirror.
}
)
Card of Thanks
The Treasurer of the Red Cross w i*hes to thank most sincerely the young ladies of the Anglican and ’United girl’s groups for their fine service so willingly given on the days of the fair in carrying on a tag day for the Red Cross funds. Ovei $70 00 was secured by these eai nest workers and will add materially ‘ to the funds of the Society. He is also grateful to the Pontiac Lodge A.F & A M , for a collection of 15.00 received from the Lodge and its members for the Red Cro-s at its September meet'

Leslie Dale
Shawville| Quebec

Army War C/.lege
The Army War college at Wash
ington, D. C., is one of the general nish all the nutrients for the average service	schools of the army. It is	person. It consists of the daily	use
the highest unit in the military edu-	(	of milk, tomatoes or citrus fruit,	po-
cational system, having as its ob- tatoes and green leafy vegetables, ject the training of selected officers whole wheat bread and cereal, and for duty in the war department gen- (eggs, meat, poultry or fish. Scien-eral staff and for high command in ; lists have discovered that each per-accordance with methods approved son is a different problem in nutri-by the	war department. In addi*	1	tion so each homemaker should	ap-
tion, it	supervises the activities of	praise the physical fitness of	all
the historical section.	members of the family and plan the
meals accordingly.

Mr. Thomas Paul Dies Aged 84. Years
MARRIED]
Dinelle—Coyle
St. Mary's church, Quyon was the scene of a pretty autumn wedding 011 Tuesday morning of last week when Bernadette Mary Coyle, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Rathburn Coyle, of Quyon. Que., became the bride of Mr. George Romeo Dinelle, R.C.A.SC, son ot Mr. and Mrs. Peter Dinell. Ottawa. Rev. Father McDonald officiated.
The bride was given in marriage by her father and was attended by her sister, Miss Annie Coyle as bridesmaid. Mr. Art Dinelle, brother of the bridegroom acted as bestman.
The bride was attired in navy blue sheer made with a square neckline, fitted bodice and full skirt, turban.
Following the ceremony, breakfast was served at the home of the bride’s parents Dinelle will reside in Ottawa
A decendant of pioneer settlers from Scotland in the Bryson district, Thomas Paul, aged 84 died on Sunday at his home in Bryson after an illness of several weeks. A son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Allen Paul, he was a life long resident of that district, and for many years was active in the lumbering industry on the Ottawa River. He took a keen interest in municipal affairs being fur 15 years a member of the town council at Bryson. He was a staunch member of the Presbyterian (later United) church at Bryson. He married Ida M. Letts, who predeceased him in 1926.
The funeral was held on Tuesday afternoon from his late home to Bryson United Church, where service was conducted by Rev. T Shaver, of Campbell's Bay, assist ed by Rev A. F. Fokes, Shawville. The Pastor gave a very comforting address basing his remarks on James 4:14 “For what is thy life ? The hymns sung were “The Lord’s My Shepherd”, * Sun of My Soul ' and “Abide With Me".
The pall bearers were Peter and Clarence Walls, Gordon Bruinet, James McLaren, Thomas Moran and James Stewart.
Surviving are three son». Hiram, of Cliapleau, Ont. Etnmerson, of Ottawa, and Gordon, of Shawville; two daughters, Mrs Hodgins and Mrs. A. K. Meister both of Ottawa.
mg
I
years
The Shawvillef Uni ted Woman’s Association are holding their annual chicken «-upper on Thanksgiving night, October 14th.

t

1
i
C)


i
w
Ytr
f
A
£'
\
/S

PERMANENCE

jam


AND

Her hat was a navy velvet
mmm*
..-jyr
a
S'

r
% * •
Mr. and Mrs



TITELAP

Soldiers Seek Tattoo
Marks for Identifications



SB




'
Tattoo artists in Canada are coming into their own as a result of the war.
SB
P
as
Pretty Autumn Wedding Solemnized at Oshawa
vxvx

METAL ROOFING
According to Montreal’s famous tattoo artist, Professor Paul, business is
since the days of 1914 with the army, navy and air force leading the pro-through those narrow and gaudily decorated front doors. They want tattoo marks as identifications.
“Trouble now is,” he said, “that there ain’t the appreciation of art there used to be. I remember when a man could put in a couple of days doing a picture on a sailor's chest that was something to be proud of, but now it's just initials and numbers. Military numbers, girls* phone numbers, family initials, girls’ initials. I’m telling yah, I'm gettin’
58


A very pretty autumn wedding of wide interest was suleuienized last Saturday afternoon at the Pilgrim Holiness Mission. 74 Athol Street West, Oshawn, when Rev. Florence Allan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Allan. Flesher-ton, Ont. became the bride of Rev. Frank Hobbs, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Hobbs, Massey, Ont. Rev. H. W Ilobbs, Ontario District Superintendent and brother of the groom officiated.
The ceremony was performed before a very beautiful decorated altar, above which was an arch of evergreen and flowers Annie Caverly supplied the wedding music and Mrs. Samuel Short sang, “O Perfect Love".
The bride was attired in white crepe ensemble and carried a mixed boquet. She was attended by Florence White with whom she was formel ly stationed here as pastor.
The bridesmaid was gowned in peach crepe and carried gladiolas
Mr. Clifford Allan, brother of the bride was be*t man and Rev. Robert Gordon ushered.
The happy couple left for a motor trip ea*t.
The bride travelling in a brown painted frock with matching accessories. Rev and Mrs. Hobbs planon taking up pastoral duties at appointment of tue church.
Out of town friends attending the wedding were from Massey, Thesialon, Fieshei ton, Proton, Brampton and Toronto.

&
as


>7
sms
booming as never before
\
see ¦•••
COUHÙLSTÀNDARD ^
w E N
*
cession
Don’t take chances with fire! Let TITE-LAP
protect your farm and industrial buildings, rinks, garages,
residences, churches, schools,

%
71 r
Tu5
*

Lillian Gish—dancer.
That would be surprising billing, indeed, for the actress who has long been accounted an international dramatic star of stage and screen.
Yet it was as a dancer that the fragile beauty made her debut on Broadway. And with Sarah Bernhardt, at that.
Miss Gish was but seven at the time, and Sarah was well past 60, though tall and striking in appearance.	_ _
etc. It’s easy to erect, attractive m appearand adds hundreds of dollars to the value of your buildings for a very moderate
TITE-LAP Metal Roofing and

0

ance
m
: /e
Wit
X

0
investment
Siding withstands wind, water and fire. Available in the famous "Council Standard” Brand —guaranteed for 25 years—as well as Superior Brand 28 gauge and 26 gauge, in sheets, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 feet long. Write for illustrated circular TL or send ridge and rafter measurements for free estimate without obligation.
Mise

>
F
writer s cramp.
“Tain’t only the men that’s get ting them,” he went on
too are coming in here to get their boy friends’ initials on their arms and legs.
ü
i
The worn
1

en


How thrilled I was,” Miss Gish
FENCER t/z
he added, “this idea
recalls
“Of course
“Bernhardt selected me for the jsn*t so good. Suppose a girl wants part of the child dancer after visit- t0 change boy friends. Zingo! in g a dancing school I attended. there’s trouble. I’ve blotted out “Each night as she stood in the more initials by changing them into wings, preparing to make her cn- roses in the past six months than trance. Bernhardt would pat me on I've done in the last 25 years. But
It became quite a little 1 then, I guess a girl’s got a right n us. and I thought of > to change her mind. Got one now e other night for the first who's making her mind up to be-iis when I found myself I come a tattooed lady. Trouble with
this is that a man gets about half through with them and they change i their minds again, and tell me, what good’s a half tattooed woman?”
ELECTRIC
ular G.E*

,enr'n*and
!Tt»e Gt"„.
CObt.
cite
Gives you tea**
the
%
«éHB
tstem Steel Products
Wi&Ave. jG.nutecü MONTREAL
Fzctmries also at Preston and Toronto ._

ead
:

n ye
c
ittle I
ng
n
s
SLti
f ‘I
first
U
With Father

