###PAGE###1###

No it, 57th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to tiie United States
JULY
j
Cbi>ar Sijinui.eh- A full «lock of New Brunswick Cedar Shingles on hand. it. A. GRANT, Bristol.
PERSONAL MENTION
GEORGES CARON fGOWLING
BUSINESS
e.c. l.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell*» Bey Friday, Saturday and Monday
¦. A
Shawville Hardware
Dr. R. E. Dagg, of Montre»1, viaited hi# relatives here for ti e week-end.
Mr. John Holes, of Ottawa, visit ed r«L the home of hi# gi and mother Mr#. Jos Hunt, recently.
Mr#. Ken. Martin and children.
of Hull
guest# of Mrs. Harold Judd in town.
Zion United Chut ill congregation will hold their annual at raw-berry social on Thursday evening, July 6th on the church grounds. Admission, 25 and 15 vents.
12th July Dance — Following the 12th July celebration at Workman's Grove, a dance will be held in Orange Hall at Charter!*. Music by Herb and Lindsay. Refreshments served. Admission 50 cents.
The Ladies of Wesley United Church are holding’ a, strawberry festival in the Orange Hall, Char teris, on Friday evening, July 7th, Supper served from 0 to 8 o'clock, followed by ahoit program. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
Eliuside W. I. will meet at Miss Grace McKechnie's cottage,
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all yeai
!
Seasonable
Requirements
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Que , were week end
Attend a an established
Dr. Cyril McDowell, of Toronto,,	_ _
accompanied by Miss Winnifred SHAW VILLE - QUE Keel, are visiting relatives in this	. - .	¦ —
district.
1
i
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellants
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
W. I. COWLIMC, President
BORN
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Principal C. 8. Douglas returned	___
to his home at Sutton, Que , on |Chamberlain—At Wembley H<m Friday to spend the Summer month#.
pita), Toronto, Ont., on Wednesday, June 21st. 1 tMO, to Mr. and, T A	. MTT _ . _
Mrs. G, VV (Mnrpli)Chamberlain,| JAMES A* MILLAR
a son.—Peter Murphy
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Hudgins, of Schumacher, Ont , are visiting their relatives in Char ter is district this week.
Mrs. Win. Sillick and children, of Tee#water, Out., are spending a vacation with relatives in town and at Green Lake.
B A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shswville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, CampbeU'sBay,
every Wednesday morning.
Norway Bay, on Friday afternoon. Jtiler 14th, at two o’clock. Roll Call-A bathing suit. Program—
Wiixon-At Shawville, Que , on Saturday, July 1st, IIW. toMr., 0	^
and Mrs. Lawrence 'Wilson, a l291rlainSt.,
Swimming.
Stark's Corners Women’s Institute will meet At the Church Hall, on Thursday evening, July 13th. at eight o’clock. Piogratn Home Economics ; A paper on honey, by Mrs. Vertel Smiley. Roll Call A recipe containing a home growu
product.
Strawberry Supper under the auspices of the Ladies Guild, of St. Luke’s church, Caldwell, will be held OH the church grounds on Friday evening, July 7th. Supper served from six to eight o’clock. Admission, 25 and 15 ctnts.
The Shawville Women’s Institute will hold their regular monthly meeting at the cottage of Mrs. H H. Cochrane, Norway Bay, on Monday afternoon, July 10th.
Grace -Sample of homemade candy with recipe Assisting hostesses with Mrs. Cochrane are Mrs. A. McDowell and Mrs. W. E. Shaw.
son
MARRIED
Mr. ami Mrs Hoy McDowell and son, Arthur, of Ottawa
Carmichael—Drummond
spent
Dominion Day and Sunday with their relatives in town.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. Geo T. Drummond, of Bristol, Que.
Misses Mary Armstrong and Ida I was the scene of a pretty wedding.	_ • xttv r* t> r\xn a in
Allen, of Ottawa, were gnesta for ceremony at noon on Saturday^) tiArtliADUJ U. ttUWAl the holiday and week-end at the July 1st. of their oolyldaughter* home of Mrs. Alt'. Draper.	Margaret Christine, to Gilbert!
eldest son of Mr and Mrs. John H.
. . .	, .	.	,	.Carmichael, of Braeside.l|Ont.
and daughter, Joanne, of Brant H,*,?. Donald K. Andrews officiated, ford, Out, are spending a vacation with their relatives in town.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McCiil 1 University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Mi. and Mrs. Ced 1 ie E. Shaw
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Peonies and Can le bury bell* |oefk k - In theG. F.Hodgine Building were used to adorn the roonm Miss Margaret Barnett, Reg. N., I Misa Hilda Graham, of Wyman, of New York City, is spending a played the wedding music, vacation at the home of her sister, The bride was given in marriage Mrs. N. A. Drummond.	by her father, and was attended
». r, « , ... , .	. m . by Mrs. Edgar Sereney, of Brae-
Mr. Her raid Walah, of Trenton, 8i(jef nH matron of-honor. Mr. Ed
Ont., spent the holiday and week- gar Sereney was best man.
end. Hi, the home of his parents, a street length costume of Royal
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Y\ alsb. I blue lace was worn by the bride.
Mrs. Ken. Phillips and daughter, I Her accessories were of white, and | —-Margaret, of Ottawa, were recent "he wore a shoulder knot of guests at the home of her parents, gardenias.
Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell.	Mrs. Sereney w*» becomingly
gowned in dusty pink sheer with white accessories and fehoqlder knot of roses.
Mis. Drummond, mother of the bride, was in mauve sheer with white accessoiies bouquet was of lily of-tbe valley.
Mrs. Carmichael, mother of the
bridegroom wore yellow sheer. nr.MAT ,	.c-neaic-5
with a corsage bouquet of crimson UUINAI L© bULKnlLR
roses and peonies.	** ]	b.a.» ll. b„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Main Street, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

I
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)

Program —Address dy McKechnie. Roll Call
Mens Summer Sport Wear
CLINTON H. DOWD
B.A, LL. B., C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street
Orange Service at Shawville United Church, Sunday Afternoon, July 9
The members of the Orange Young Britons and Orange Order of Pontiac County, with visiting lodges will attend service in the Shawville United Church on Sunday afternoon, July Dili, at three o’clock. It is expected members of lodges will be present from Ottawa and other Ontario points, and several bands, including Shawville Hoys Band, will participate. The minister conducting the service will be Rev. A, F. Fokes, of Shawville.
Miss Marjorie Tugman and Mr. Gordon Sinclair, of Ottawa, were week-end guests of the formel*e parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Tog-man.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Moore and children, of Drummond ville, Que., d Friday to spend a vacation at their cottage at Green
Ijtke.
Mrs. Alex Olmsted and children, of Aylmer, are spending a week’s vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell,
wore a
Hull, Ql-e
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e -ery Friday evening.
Her corsage

arrive
Cool Outfits for Warm Weather
Following the ceremony, a reception was held and Mr. and Mrs. Carmichael left on a short trip. They will take up residence at Braeside.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Young Men’s Sport Pants. Tropical Tweeds, White and Striped Ducks, Flannels, etc., etc.
Smart, Cool Styles
Mr. and Mrs Clifford T Wilson, accom Mrs i
ing a vacation at cottage.
Bishop Neliigan Dedicate# New Roman Catholic Church
mmnied by the latter's mother Frank Armstrong, are spend-
their Sana B
Anglican Diocesan Conference Convenes at pine Lodge
$1.66 to $3.50
ay
Dedication and solemn blessing
of the beautiful new St John the
Miss Velma Tugman of the staff I Evangelist Roman Catholic
of Berth Memorial Hospital, spent Church at Campbell's Bay to°k
the holiday and week end at the l>l*ce Saturday morning in the| fais STREET
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. presence of clergy from the dio-
W. J. Tugman,	|cese, many prominent residents of
...	...	the district, ancf parishioners.
Mr. and Mrs Win. Campbell and Rf- RtiV Ce L. Neliigan. Bishop
daughter, Gloria, and Mr. George Qf Pembroke, officiated at the col Glover, of Ottawa, suent the week
end at the home of Mi
Austin McDowell.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT » BARRISTER
Ottawa Anglican Diocesan Summer conference is in session this week at Pine Lodge, Bristol. The conference opened Monday with over 80 delegates registered. Early proceedings were mainly of a social nature to get those attending acquainted.
A daily program has been arranged, with time for recreation li as swimming, tennis, golf, riding, etc
Archbishop Roper, of the Anglican Diocese of Ottawa, is among the distinguished clergy present, others being Rev K. C. Evans, of Trinity College. Toronto ; Rev. (*. B. Jones, of Bishop’s University, Lennoxville, and Rev. Petcival Bowles, of Japan.
Social activities were in charge of Miss Kay Butler, of St. Margaret’s Church, Eastview.
Rev. A E L. Caulfield, Ottawa, is chairman of the Summer conference committee.
/HONE, 2-22
HULL, QUEBEC
Summer Windbreakers
At Proudfoots Hotel, Campbell s Bay. every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p in
orful ceremony and addressed the | At Pontiac House, Shawville, every crowded edifice in both French and English
Summer Windbreakers made up in the latest
Fancy backs, zipper fronts, etc.
and Mie
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
Hh congratulated
Mr. Jas. Hannon, of New York I the parish priest, Ilev. E. T. Me City, who has been attending St. Nally, and members of the pari «h Patrick’s College, Ottawa, is a for the efforts they put forth in guest at the home of Mr, and Mrs. building the church. When eree J. M. Argue, this week.	(tionofthe chinch was suggested
he was doubtful if the propowil could be carried out, ‘‘but due to the untiring efforts of Father McNally and the unselfish devotion-' of the parishioners, it has been accomplished”
Bishop Neliigan also thanked
sue
styles.
Light weight fawns and heavy weight fancy corduroy brush wool combinations.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, ’QUE. PLATEAU 638 8
Miss Eleanor and Master Jimmie Chant, of Toronto, arrived here last week to spend the summer months at the home of their grandfather, Mr. J W. Fades.
See «these new windbreakers at
$1.95, $2.95 and $3.95
Mr. Dan O Gorman, of Ottawa spent a few days of the past week I Mrs. Stella Murray, of Renfrew, in Shawville, after being called for the donation of the magnificent
here owing to the death of his main altar. Mr*. Murray, widow-father inlaw, Mr. 9. C. McDowell, of J L. Murray, made the dona w	__ _ ie	tion in memory of his brother,
Miss Margaret McDowell. It. N , Captain the Rev. W. L. Murray, and Mr. Jack Willard, of Kirkland M.C., first parish piie-tofSt John Lake, spent the holiday and week the Evangelist Church, who died end at the home of the former’s three yeare parents, Mr. and Mrs. Austin Mu-1 Dowell
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Josh Farrell’s House Damaged by Fire
Early Monday morning tiro caused considerable damage to the roof of the residence of Mr. Josh Farrell, near the brick yard, on the south side of Shawville. The blaze was started by a spark from the chimney. Residents of the village wei e called but nearby neighbours had the fire well in hand when they arrived.
Eganville Masons Pay Visit to Pontiac Lodge
A number of brethren of Bonne-chore Lodge, A. F. & A M., Egan-ville. Ont, paid a friendly visit to Pontiac Lodge at its regular session on Friday evening last.
Following the lodge room exercises a luncheon was served in the banquet hall, which was attended by the wives and lady friends the local members, and an Egan-ville orchestra, under the leadership of Bro. H* VVoodside, and composed chiefly of young ladies, and several local musicians.
The Wor. Master, Bro. W. C. Schwartz, presided oyer the after dinner program, which included several numbers by the visiting orchestra and local talent, and a round of speeches by visiting and local members, all being greatly enjoyed by those in attendance.
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Young Mens Summer Suits
ago
A good selection of patterns made up in single and double breast models, smartly styled and very pleasing. Sizes 33 to 38
DEL AIR 3 267
Farm Home Destroyed
Rev Gordon Newman and family, | By Fire left Yam on Monday to spend
several weeks with his parents at I 1 The farm home of Mr. and Mrs Spencerville. On Sunday, July Austin Sparling at Gieermount 23rd he will begin his new pastor- was destroyed by fire ate «t Dal ben u, Que.	I afternoon last Mr. >
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
i on Sunday Sparling was
Mr. and Mn,. George "Giles and I -‘bae'U f,,.m home when the tire little foi), Clifford, of Honode. 't”ted H,,,j	8fmll,',g
are spending a two weeks'vacation	*n.d	not notice the
at the home of the latter'* parents, biaze until it was well advanced. Mr and Mrs. W. C. Stark, and Xeighbouraand motor,eta in the other friends in Cobden.	district rushed to the scene of the
conflagration and managed to Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Richardson, | the save most all of the contents.
and Mr. Willis Richardson_________________________________________
Hailey bury, Ont., and Mrs. W. F I	r
Richardson, of Toronto, visited a vacation at the home of Mrs. their relatives in town and vicinity Campbell s sister, Mrs. Robert fora few days during the past Campbell, at K inside, and other week,	lelativesin Shawville.
$14.50 and $16.50
Phone 81
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh t of each week.
Straw Hats
Sport Shoes
of
of

Mr. and Mrs Alf. Draper of Shawville and Mr. and Mrs. Robt Carswell, of Calumet Island. re-
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Hoare, son Billy, and daughters, Sheila and
nw®11wmm
Mrs A. D. Campbell, of Toronto, were accompanied by Mis* Klva Accompanied by her grand daugh- Holmes who will he a guest of her ter, Miss Shirley G'ebe, of Bryn aunt,' and other relatives in this Athyn, Pa , U.3.A., are «tending 1 dUtiict for a month.
W. A. Hodgins, LVd
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose end Throat Specialist
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA. - ONT
RHONE, 2-7861
###PAGE###2###
SCOUTING
Ontario Farmers Changing Oats
Their Majesties Wave A Royal Farewell
THAT REMINDS MB
OGDEN'S IS EASIER I J?
Modern
Etiquette
I Rover Scouts will this summer I supervise the playgrounds section I <xf the new Central Park, at St. ' I Thomas. In return the Rovers will have the use of a park building as a "Rover Den.”
"We could not feel that this great exposition—international in character as it is, and representing all the social and economic needs of our country—would be complete if we did not have this Scout camp,” declared President Grover Whalen of the New York World’s Fair at the opening of the fair’a Boy Scout camp site.
Representative Boy Scouts from all parts of the British Isles to the number of 1,000 gathered at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, on St. George’s Day, for the annual ceremony of re-affirming their Scout Promise. They were reviewed by the King and Queen in the castle quadrangle.
Boy Scout circles are waiting with some concern to learn whether General Franco will disband the Boy Scouts of Spain, as has been done in other dictator countries. •
They’re Switching to the Rust-Resistant Varieties
TO
BY ROBERTA LEE
ROLL
1.	—What rule applies to a bride displaying her wedding gifts?
2.	—When one has illness in the family and a friend says, "I am sorry,” what response should be made?
3.	—Should one serve hot dishes at a summer luncheon.
4.	—Isn’t it true that there is leas gossip among country people than in the city?
B.—What does the French word saute mean?
6.—What form should one use to acknowledge a garden party invitation?
Oat growing In Western and Central Ontario was reported to be passing through a transition period with farmers switching to rust resistant varieties, according to s report presented to the Canadian Seed Growers' Association convention In Victoria, last week.
Overproduction of registered seed wheat In Alberta last year had brought hardships to seed growers of that province but reports from other branches including Quebec, Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia. Indicated more satisfactory conditions although wet weather spoiled seed crops In Eastern Canada.
a



i
It's such a smooth silky c jarette tobacco, this Ogden’s Roe Cut. The kind that’s cut to nil right and to smoke right. W rolt-your-owners choose Ogde< 'n and they pick the beet papers too — "Vogue” or "Chantecler*.


P,

A*


«
$


ECxl
flee-

Smnkgrtl—
2èo
L
It
Answers
1.—Sometimes the gifts are shown only to relatives and close friends, a few days before the wedding. Others, however, let all the guests at the reception view the gifts, a special room being met aside for displaying them. 2.— "Thank you,’*» is sufficient. 3.— Yes, at least one dish should bo hot. 4.—No. According to the old proverb, "Go into the country to hear what news is in town,” it would seem that there is more gossip in the county. 5 —It Is a cookery term meaning, fried lightly and quickly in a little hot fat, while being frequently turned. Pronounce so-ta, o as in so, a as in take, accent last syllable. 0.—Use the same form as the invitation. This rule applies to any invitation.

Oglin'i
trban end Vanguard The Ontario report said there was a "tremendous" demand for erban and vanguard oats varieties this year.
Cut
nug
rJs
II IN




CLvf
i

What Science
QUr
00

f
Leaving Sussex, N.B., Their Ma jest ie» are picured here on the rear
platform of the royal train aa they waved farewell

OGDEN’S
W
IS
The feoy Scouts of Saskatoon have been given the responsibility this summer of protecting the trees on the city’s boulevards from damage suffered in previous years. It is expected that the care given the trees by the Boy Scouts will have a desirable educational effect upon the younger children who have been largely responsible for the damage done.
Greater Auto
Speeds Seen
Doing
*
*

Have Yon Heard
Hitler’s Angela
WAR ON VIRUS DISEASES
Scientific investigators from all parts of America are preparing to virus diseases which plague mankl launch a united attack on the kind. Meeting in Harvard's School of Public Health last week they pooled all the available Information on smallpox, yellow fever and infantile paralysis, and the closely allied "rickettsial" disease*.
The virus diseases—distinguished from those caused by bacteria— are those for which there is no known cure. The only hope is to be able to perfect vaccines with which to make human beings and animals immune from them.
Engineer Predicts 200 M.P.H.
on Rails and 150 on Roads Soon Possible

Dr. Robert Ley, Hitler's -ee total Labour Front leader, fcu* told 3,000 Civil Servants at Frsukfort-on-Main that “Germany is s par*, dise and the German penile the Choir of Angels.”
A. Ludlow Clayden. Philadelphia engineer, told the World Automobile Engineering Congress at San Francisco he expected to "live to the time when speeds of 200 miles an hour on rails and 150 miles on automobile highways will be commonplace."
He asserted automobile makers could build cars now that would travel at that speed but said production necessarily must await development of suitable highways.
Suitable Highways Needed As probable changes in automobiles the next decade, Clayden listed higher cylindr * impression which would call for an increase In the anti knock quality of gasoline; the building of motors into the rear instead of the front of the car; automatic speed changing and a relative decrease in the amount of lubricating oil used.
Motors In the Rear William S. Canning, another Philadephia engineer envisioned eventual construction of 150-mile an-hour high*ays cutting through big cities on elevated structures, accelerating and decelerating lanes for cars to enter or leave the high speed channels In suburban or* inter-city centres, and eventually open roadways screened on both sides by evergreen hedges to prevent the attention of drivers being diverted to the scenery.
"One hundred and fifty miles an hour on a properly constructed highway can easily be safer than is 60 miles an hou • on many roads where that speed is legal today."
Keeping Pasture Herbage Edible
Kind Lady: “What are you cry. ing for, little man? What's your name? Where do you live?”
Small Boy: “That’s what’s the matter. I don’t know my name or where 1 live. We moved yesterday; and mother was married again today.”
Dentists Will
Hold Spotlight
ARMS USELESS ON A WET DAY
Coarse Growth Is Essen-
la Public Health Improvement During the Next Ten Years, It Is Predicted
tial
You've Noticed That when a motorist stops, looks and listens, there is •omething wrong with his engine.	—
Two motorists were heading toward Toronto. They were zipping along the highway at some eighty or ninety miles an hour when a policeman appeared from nowhere and forced them over to the curb.
“What’s the matter, officer?” they asked. “Were we driving too fast?”
“No,” he answered sarcastically, "You were flying too low.”
In order to keep pasture herbage in as palatable and nutritious a condition as possible, close arising to prevent coarse growth Is essential. Under eastern climatic conditions the rate of growth of pasture herbr ? is not uniform throughout the growing season. Following a rapid rate of growth from early Spring to about the middle of June, there is usually . decided decline and relatively slow growth through midsummer, with a slight recovery In the early Fall. The method of securing optimum utilization of herbage under these conditions depends on the number of stock carried. Where there is Insufficient stock to graze the Spring growth of herbage uniformly, mowing the pasture Is advisable to prevent ;i coarse stand of mature plants. Mowing whet tin grasses are just heading out will promote an aftermath of tender, nutritious herbage. Live stock will consume the mown grass If it 'a left lying on the field, although they do not relish this coarse material before it is cut.
Rheumatic Pains Relieved
Dentists will hold the spotlight In public health improvement during the next 10 years, Dr. Eudore Dubeau, dean of the faculty of dentistry of the University of Montreal told the Association des Chirurgiens Dentistes de Langue Française de l'Amerlque du Nord convention In Montreal.
Dr. Dubeau welcomed 400 dentiste from Canada and United States to the three-day convention.
"The importance of good teeth is beyond the public's belief," Dr. Dubeau stated. "The appalling negligence which ham marked the care of teeth in the past 10 years will have disastrous results upon the people's health."
by Kruechen
Here is a noteworthy inatanc# of the manner in which damp weather can affect the joints of one who is subject to rheumatic pains.
“I had been suffering front rheumatism very badly." a ma a writes, “and had such pains in i y joints that I could hardly bear :t, on a wet day especially. It pained me terribly to use my arm 8, and I was hardly able to work. I tried two different remedies, b:* I was still as bad after the tre, ment.
“Then I was told to try lfrus-chen Salts, which quicklx Drought relief. So of course I ryo kept on with it, and I am now much better and have never fa! t bo fit for years. I used to fee! ao miserable and sluggish, but r *w it is a pleasure to be able to irk." 8.6.
CURE EPILEPSY BY SURGERY
Dr. Wilder G. Penfield of Montreal Neurological Institute last week told of curing epilepsy, commonly known as "fits" by surgery.
He described his method as first questioning the patient to discover which section of the brain was suspect.
The particular brain convolution which la the origin of the seizures Is cut out.
A young acrobat of Quebec Once twisted his legs round his neck.
Like a fool he forgot How to loosen the knot— And now he's a positive wreck!
HELP FOR CROSSED EYES
For years, doctors have treated victims of strabismus (cross-eyes or wall-eyes) by strengthening the Imbalanced muscles responsible for their condition. A new exercising device for the cross-eyed is now on the market — the stereo orthoptic, which gives the affected eyes a non-fatiguing workout by the use of stereoscopic images and a complicated rigging of lights, mirrors and lenses.
s&crafchinf^s
The pains and stiffness >f rheumatism are often caused >y uric acid crystals m the musclea and joints. The ifumerous silts in Kruschen assist in stimulating the internal organs to healthy, regular activity, and help them to eliminate excess uric acid.
Jones came back from his fortnight’s holiday proud of his bulging muscles.
“Look at these arms," he said.
They were certainly in good condition. His colleagues put it down to rowing, but Jones withered them with scorn.
“Rowing be hanged," he snorted. I got them pulling fish up."
hw'ifeol,
D.D.D. ;
a irnUuoa
rsa®.
ess

Clifford Chambers Max, claimed to be the biggest bull In Britain, weighs 1% tons, and is owned by Mrs. Graham Rees-Mogg, of Stratford-on-Avon.
Classified...
Advertising..
The United States' cotton crop is four times as big as its second agricultural crop—wheat.
ACNE. III.Ai KHEADS, PIMPLES
MEDICAL
POSITIVELY GUARANTEED TO remove theme unsightly blemishes In one month costing only a few cents dally. Scientific double-action Clear-Skln Treatment, never fails. FREE Booklet. Clear Skin. 1131XV . Grant. Victoria. B.C.
HAY FEVER. ROBE FBVZÎt SL’F. ferers. Money Back Remily. $1.68. Canada Herb Co., Wlnlsor. Ontario.
Civilization Is that state of affairs in which money is collected from women who make lip their faces and tint their nails, in order to send missionaries abroad to teach the savages not to do the same.
i
I
HAY FEVER — Perthshire Medicated Snuff. Pleasant Convenient Relieves all cases. 66c end $1.61 mines. Sole Agent* Q. B. Products, Importers, Box 616. Toronto.
#
a
DEVELOPING
Æ
IIA11V CHICKS
\
m
BEST RESULTS—ROLLS DEVELoped with hlgloss deckled edged prints—26c. Reprints 3c. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photos, 1266 Lansdowne Ave, Toronto.

?
I
II All V CHICKS, PULLETS LARGE TYPE WHITE LEGHORNS, 7c:	PulletF, 15c:	Rock leghorn
cross breed*. 8c; Pullets 15c: Burred Rock, 9c. 2 weeks old chicks add 4c.
r _	¦*
Just the kind you’re looking for thl* time of year. Excellent for both egg and meat production.
pullets 3*c. Leghorn* and Rock Leghorn cross Breeds, also day old cockerels Barred Rocks and Rock leghorn cross breeds.
l.VK) March 1st Hatched Pullets.
Ijirge Type White Leghorns raised under Ideal conditions. 4 months old June delivery.
Send your order
Poultry Farsi, XYelu lires.. Exeter, Out.
m
* i simoons

Worry I* Ended For Woman Steeplejack
%
*
$50 MONTHLY UPWARDS GROWIng mushroom* for us from gres spawn. Free apawr. tn trogen. Information free. Aervlc# and Instructions guaranteed to produce. Georgian Bay Produce Co., Box 615, Toronto.
nt

FILMS DEVELOPED
'i J

Mrs. Charles Miner, of Agin-court, Ont., decided the best way to stop worrying about her husband when he was painting steeple* was to get up there beside him. Which is one of the reasons why the petite, blonde matron was high up on the steeple of Knox United Church last month dabbing away with a paint brush.
“I like it better than washing dishes,” said Mrs. Miner before starting her work. "I’d sooner work up there than do lots of Jobs on the ground.”
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and eight high gloss prints 25c. 8 snlarged prints 26c. Reprints same prices. Brlghtllng Studio. 29A Richmond St East. Toronto.
\
4 weeks *14
X

(
\
PERSONAL
\

\
\
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOUSE from. Many with mesni. Farmers' daughters. Widows with Property. Particulars 13c. Confidential. Box 138. Calgary. Alberta.
\
m
\
\

FIRS
\
B
' ' : v
EASTERN MINK—PRODUCERS OF finest, dark pelts. Write for prlcee •nd pelt values. Herbert Sears, Forbes Point, Shelb. Co., N.S.
to—Lafceview
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. DABI LI, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Ben left's. Box 1. Winnipeg.
FAST MATURING HIGH QUALITY Government Approved Chicks at rook bottom prices. Grade A Bar. red Rooks. New Hampshire Reds. White Rocks. Hybrids $8 95.	90
per cent. Pullets $12.75. Cockerels *$.00 leghorn* $8.45. Pullets $16.75, Cockerels $3.00. Extra Profit Grade the kind that weigh two pounds per hundred more. Heavy Breeds 810.95, Pullêts 115.90. Cockerels $9.00. Leghorns $10.45, Pullets $19.90. Ask about our three week old capons, and older pullets. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries. Limited. Fergus, Ont.

FILMS DEVELOPED

ONE MONTH ONLY. INTRODUCtory offer, 8x10 enlargement, with every order. Roll developed and eight prints. Reprints 10 prints. Send order, advertisement and thirty cents. Mall order department, Graphic Film Servllce. 247% Dundas Ht.. London, Ont Established 1920.
WHY SUFFER FROM ACID INDITake

gestion. Heartburn, G;j.
“Arms Antacid Tablets" for quick relief. 35c box, 3 boxes $1.00.— Arms Products, 3169 Oxford Avs., Montreal, Que.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONate romantic nwvetheeit, with money, write: Mary Lts. 446-6, Holla, Missouri.
CUT WOOD FOR PROFIT
The Only The Made with the New Safety-Leek Card
Body and Gear-Grip Tread
iriUi a Wade Portable Drag
FOR SALE
Saw.

CREPE-TEX BATHING SUITS $2, Me. postpaid. Red. White, and Canary. Send for catalogue, capes rubber sundries. Ray Baldwin. Merlin. Ontario.
PIANOS CHEAP
with sturh it aa a new before
Ft
#
IF YOU ARE INTER EST	IN A
good renewed piano at a bargain price write for descrip with prices, forwarded n quest. Hein union end Yonge Street. Toronto.
HIGH QUALITY GOVERNMENT
lteat-
Approved Chick* from bl ed breeders at rock bottom prices effective July 6th. Standard quality Barred Rocks, White Rock». New Hampshire Red*. Hybrids IMS. 90 per cent. Pullets $11.65. Cockerel* 38.00. Leghorn* $7.16. Pullet* 814.95, Cockerel* $3.00. Big Egg Quality hatched from 23 to SO ounce egg*. Heavy Breeds $9.25, Pullets 113.45. Cockerels $9.10. Leghorns $8.76. Pullets 811.45. Older pullets. Capons. Prompt delivery. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited. Baden. Ontario.
#1*1
V» lists
(»w re-

' s v
is:

__________< FREE SUIT»
“AMAZING OFFER —.FREE SUIT Would you like a genuine $35 Re tall Value Made to Measure suit absolutely free for only a little of y our spare time? Write today for full detalla The Hudson Com-peny. Label Is Bldg.. Montreal."
Safety-Lock Cord Body
PUPS FOR ftAI.fr.
m
PURE BRED CREAT DATJ £»UP-Keautle».— Males $8. females I* Cort, Rydal Bank, Algoma, ntarlo.
Pie
ft
of Gum Dipping. It »*b 35% e earns greater safety.
Gear-Grip Tread
greater streugtb
•TAM 1*0
I EARN UARHERING
START ANYTIME WITH AN VP-to-date System. Government licensed. Free Information. Modern garber School 143 Queen Street Last, Toronto.
NEWFOUNDLAND STAMP- 49 Different 40c, catalogue v» lu» $3.51; Price lists furnished.—EL Hogm-__n$ell. Hot wood. New four- Land.
BUY BRAY XTRÀ-PROFIT CHICKS Fast growth, early maturity, consistent layer*. The kind of chick* that will make money for you. Bray Hatchery. 130 John Street, _ North. Hamilton, Ontario.
Easy to operate. Reasonably priced. You can make money wherever there are logs to be ret Write for free descriptive betietin.
The A R. Williams
e#
-2$:
USED TIRES A METRKAJ* KOI
SA MB

MACHINERY A SHOP SUPPLIES
MRS. P. DARRELL. CHOIS Y. QUEbec. bought 107 Bray Chicks thin
alive and keep on living Hatcher)
Hamilton. Onto?
the
USED TIRES AND RKTRL AM WB
md up.
Oil lie
c. Deal-
any car or truck. 95 Every tire guarantee-gallon and up. Batteries era wanted. Write for #r»e bar» gain price Hat*. Orde*.* ' u ah ed. Buy with confidence, L om Can* <1 a'e large* t ret reader* Merrick Tire Compery, Box W * 111 IS# King West, Limit two, vV.a? io.
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description—boilers and
f.
Bray
She *1111 ha* 10*. are the kind that arrive
Brer
t. North.
i
PROVE DON THE SPEED WA YÆÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
FOR SAFETY ON THE HIGHWAY
aide's tools—belting **Tfî?* mechlnery house. Write or call The A 1L Williams Machinery company. Limited. «4 Front Bl. Went, Toronto.
ne John m

i
64 Front ft W.
r

à
r
Issue No. 26
¦29
###PAGE###3###

Belmont Township Youth Usee Novel Method of Transportation
Ontario Opens
Nature School
Issued over the signature of O. J. Silrerthorne.
Referring to the British films. It says In part, "Tb# criticisms es-pressed In previous reports by year board, of British films which failed to measure up to requirements, de not apply during the year under renew. The record runs and lucr ed attendances at many of theee films abundantly that the public appreciated British productions. Some of the best pictures of the year were British directed."
GARDENING
f

« »







¦*r,i
Ontario * first nature where atudeata may study life, will be held for several weeks beginning July 1 on Franklin Island, Georgian Bay, aocording be Professor J. R. Dymond, of the Royal Ontario Museum of Zoology. It will be conducted by Professor A. G. Coventry and Wade Watson, of she University of Toronto.

WALKS
In the smaller garden where visitors and children soon wear grass thin along the edges of flower beds or bet ween the house end the swing or arbor, regular paths are needed. With a little care they will add beauty to the rent of the garden, too. Most pleasing materials of all for this purpose are flagstones. These are broad, flat, thin slabs of any soft stone, usually found in abundance around certain river beds.
The stones are sunk flush with the ground and at least an inch and a half of grass is left between edges. Sometimes after the sod is cut out the exact shape and depth of each stone, a Tittle sand is added to the bottom of the hole, lor drainage and to make walk firmer. Built in this way the lawn mower will run right over the pathway.
Other permanent walk materials are sand, cinder or brick.
TRANSPLANTING
Secret of successful transplanting is plenty of water. Of next importance will be shade and stimulants Moving a plant is soms-thing like an operation for a human being, and the larger the specimen the more necessary the attention. With shrubbery and trees often main roots are cut and the shock is severe. Half a pail of water after setting out is not too much for such big things, and the watering should be repeated two or three times a week, if a quick start is wanted.
A
a
H

: m


demonstrated


ST " :
NOTES
RADIO
fr
MBfihü


m


NEWS
AND

By MADGE ARCHER
'
TELEVISION PROSPECTS
¦Some radio stations in Canada are talking experiments in telovl-sio and a likellb in near future. This may be taken with the proverbial salt. In the first place it is doubtful if any private station in this country can afford to make more than a few minor efforts. In the second place the CBC has clamped down on any prospecta of television In Canada being developed either privately or commercially or either.
Nevertheless NBC is said to be prospecting along Broadway for television theatres. Columbia Is talking of television Broadway productions next season. And the theatres themselves are preparing to do battle with television as an approaching menace.
at 10.00 p m ' Half Pint Flask by Du Bose Hayward, author of ' Por-g y" will be the first play . . . Mich* el Piastro, concert master of the New York Philharmonic will be the soloist on the first of the series of IS broadcasts of the Toronto Pr enade Concerts. The series bogies on July • at 9:00 pm, with Reg!* aid Stewsrt conducting.
i
1 of broadcasts
*
Hill

Gordor. V art y of Belmont township, Ont., trained this yearling steer when a calf to pull a home-made cart. He uMj.tmbled the harness himself and uses the young steer to draw milk to the cheese factory and do many odd jots	the	;•
P
13.	And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee, all thy days.
14.	And if thou wilt walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then' I will lengthen thy days. Some things God gives unconditionally; others are bestowed with definite conditions attached to them.
15.	And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream; And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of Jehovah, and offered up burnt-offerings, and offered peace-offerings, and made a feast to all hie servants.
Eider Down Used
_
In New Industry
Sunday
School
Lesson
TO BE HEARD . . . July 1,1*4 p m.. CBIv-CBC Canada Day at NT.
. • :fc pm. BIK CM,
f’l Fair . .
Hoa. Vincent Massey ... 1:04 p. CBC-CBL Toronto Symphony Band ... July 2, 12 noon NBC Radio City Music Hall ... 3:00 p.m. CB»
CFRB Columbia Symphony.........
8:00 p.m. NBC-CBL Chase and Sam born Hour ... 4:00 p.m. CB8-CFRI Columbia Dance Hour . . . 10:01 p.m. NBC The Circle . . . July I, at 8:30 p.m. NBC Magic Key .. . July 4. 8:00 pm. NBC-CBC Melody Rem des tous . . . 8:30 p.m. NBC-CBL Information Please . . . July I 7J4 p.m. CBS People’s Platform . . • • 8:00 pm CBS Phil Baker (new spot) . . . July I, 8:00 p.m. NBO Rady Vallee ... 9 :00 p m CBCOBL Toronto Promenade.
Conservation of the supply of eider ducks along the north shore of the Gulf of St. Lawrence is being accomplished nof paly by law-enforcement measures and bird sanctuaries, but also through the establishments of a new Industry—the production of eiderdown. Made possible by the co-operation of the Federal Department of Mines and Resources, the Provincial Government of Quebec, and a number of private agencies and Individuals, the production of eiderdown on a commercial basis now adds to the income of a people whose sources of revenue are somewhat limited, and also gives local residents a stroag, practical reason for desiring as large a population of nesting elder ducks as possible.
Since the Inception of the supervised Industry In 1933 the quan-tltjr of cleaned eiderdown marketed annually has Increased by more than five-fold.
LESSON I
SOLOMON: A RULER WHO BEGAN WELL
I Kim#. 3:3-13
Gok.tn Text.—Give thy servant therefore an understanding heart . . . that 1 may discern between good evil. 1 Kings 3:9.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Timt.—Solomon was born in 1041 P C., and, assuming that he was w*ut eighteen years of age when tale dream came to him, the date 1er the episode recorded in our letton would be about 1022 B.C,
AROUND THE DIAL
NOTES AND NEWS . . . Hon. Vincent Massey will speak and Sarah Fischer, soprano, and Sylvia Cates, pianist, will be heard la a special broadcast from London over CSC at 8:06 p.m. on July let. They are honoring Dominion Day . . . Columbia Workship begins Its festival series on Thursday, July f.
British Films
Finding Favor
x
Hi. Later Year.
While the future career of Solomon is not assigned to us in this lesson, we ought not to close this study of his life without a brief reference to the sad history which followed this remarkable experience. It was doubtless not ont cause, but many, prosperous. He had no wars to trouble him. His course was unusually smooth. He had innumerable flatterers; and men ready to worship him; and few men can endure all this without losing their best and most gracious qualities.
We find that he follows the iniquitous Egyptian system of employing forced labor for all his great works, and that he beautifies his capital by the sweat and toil of unpaid men. These are not the doings of s wise and considerate king. They are the works of a man who forgets his responsibilities in the enjoyment of his pleasures.
Expressing the hope that British film producers will, during the next year, consider the production of more pictures for distribution la Canada, the annual report of the Board of Censors of Motion Pictures and Theatre Inspection Branch in Ontario, indicates that British films met with favor among provincial adulences. The report Is
1
OPERATIC TENOR
13 He is a by birth
17	Term.
18	Fern
20	Light
21	Revere**.
23	Christmas carol.
24	Note in
25	Data.
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured operatic
expert.
12	Regions.
13	Drove.
14	Layman.
16	Unsightly
17	To unite by fusion.
13 Modem cursive script
19	Female hsre.
20	Cloak.
21	Lines	36	Enemies
22	Neuter	37	Half an em
pronoun.	33 Diseases
23	Matgrass.	39 Credit.	*
24	Nothing less	4„ Most ^	3	jüghwey
25	Lava	with dust 1 Fearful terror.
26	To wade 43 To become old g Sudden Jerk. 3» Virginie
through.	45 Foreigner
27	Distributive 49 God of love
. ,	. 4» Perfume.
llrodeplrt	50 He is —	of
32	Japanese fish.
33	Many colored gem,
34	Owed.
35	Woolly surface of cloth.
Pla:<.—The city of Gibeon was locates five miles northwest of Jerusf. *m, where today the modern v:i kge bears the name El-Jib.
The career of Solomon is recorder n I Kings 1:38 to 11:48, and ir 1 Chron. 23:1 to 2 Chron. 9:31. Solomon was the eon of David aac Bath-sheba.
5.	Ix Gibeon Jehovah appeared to Sf-i< mon in a dream by night; and <d said. Ask what I shall give. Gibeon and Mount Zion were *zen the two great centres of th« national worship. • God frequency revealed his will to men througn dreams.
6.	And Solomon said, Thou hast enowee unto thy servant David my father great loving-kindness, ac-cordiAf as he walked before thee in* truth, and 1s righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; *nd thou hast kept for him this freat loving-kindness, that thou Last given him a son to sit on hie throne, as it is this day.
7.	And now, O Jehovah my God, thou last made thy servant king instead of David my father; and I air. :ut a little child; I know noj how te go out or come ini
8.	And thy servant is in the raids: of thy people which thou hast chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.
9.	Give thy servant therefore an understanding heart to judge thy peop.t, that I may discern between gooc and evil; for who is able to judge this thy great people? The phrase "understanding heart,” can be literally translated, "a hearing heart.” How many, many things Solomon could have asked for in this most significant hour— for riches, for honor, for glory, for victory in war, for pleasure. And yet you can see for yourselves that wisdom is really the best gift. A wise man peoples want to know for himself; it is the man they care for and not his belongings. So that you see wisdom is really the highest and best gift, after
< a dii
ynyüJ
He was
too
¦ i

a
ISWPII
uaie &
381 IS»
II dll
I510M a
'«fiidfii.il a
MEISBQW ID UMljOR9
¦ Slay :iUndÿ ld-:;ye
jyniiwy j ¦amaigiy -in
| This Curious World
By William Ferguson
POPE
PIUS

lU
•s.
27 Executes.




30 Painter’s knife.
VERTICAL
1 Grain fungus disease.
34 Charity allowance
36	To th
37	Measure of work.
IMMORTALIZED BY
NATHANIEL.
HAWTHORNE,
IS THE NATURAL STONE FORMATION IN FRANCONIA NOTCH, NEW HAMPSHIRE. KNOWN AS
The glory of Solomon brought the common people tears and groans. We see Solomon in his later years with his popularity gone, and alas! his morals and religion.
And so it came to pass that the* man who had commenced with such noble resolves, shaping hi# future with the religious colors of an almost inspired dream, finished in the misery of a foolish dream, finished in the misery of a foolish and godless evening time.
willow.
30 Mohammeie» judge 40 Stream obstruction.
7 Queer.
•	Masculine pronoun:
•	Filled with
slews.	.
a noted opera 10 Rowing tools 41 Iniquity, company. a insect’s egg 42 Transposed.
51 He was a — 12 He started to 44 Unit of ener#
member ot tame after an 47 Bone.
before 48 Musical
49 Giant king.
"THE OLO MAN
OF THE MOUNTAIN*
OOfU 1ISÎ MCA *€**«(. INC
41
É I
%
THE
CQAArAON
Caruso.
company.
!

mkn

KNOWN AS
1944 Olympics May
Come To Dominion
. P>LA/V7AfA/
I fS AN
0AC///O/
BUIUD THEJR NESTS
OF WOOD PULP PA PEP t WHICH THEY MAKE SV SHAVING- THIN FILMS OF WOOD FROM WOOD SURFACES/ THIS MATERIAL IS MADE INTO A PLASTER. BY MIXING IT WITH A GUMMY SECRETION IN THE INSECTS MOUTH.
P. J. Mulqueen of Toronto, chairman of the Canadian Olympic .Committee, >aid last week he felt "very hopeful if not exactly confident” that the International Olympic Committee will select Canada as the locale for the 1944 winter games.
Accompanied by William Nor-they of Montreal, Mulqueen sailed aboard the liner Duch Athol! for London to attend an international committee meeting early this month.
¥
*>



I
• ••
mm



t-t
of
ABOUT the year 1900, the Old Man of the Mountain was found to be slipping, and in danger of rolling down the mountainside. But in 1916, chains were anchored to the great boulder that forms his forehead. Later, he was saved In another way. when $400,000 was donated to place him and the 6000 acres of surrounding mountains under the protection of the state of New Hampshire.
NEXT: What did the people ot France think responsible for the rare Hirer of wines produced in 1656?



"Without freedom there can be no enduring peace and without peace no enduring freedom.”— King George VI.
•1!
10. And the speech pleased the Lord, that Solomon had asked this thing. 11. And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, end hast not asked for thyself leng life, neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemeies, but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern justice; 12. behold, I have done according to thy word: lo, I have given thee a wisp and an understanding heart'; so that there hath been none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. The extraordinary wisdom, which the Lord bestowed on Solomon in ta the prayer of his dream at Gib sen. manifested itself in many His masterful wisdom was in "every department of his
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Cash Customer
%
THg. WCHES'riAN IN TOWN IS A FEILEA NAMED SCORNS'HE'* 'wej TH A COOL FIFTY' Ï540USAN '
I don’t NEED
ISY POP JAYS MR. 1 FREEZEW, THE	)
BANKER, IS WOITH i MORE THAN *I<XOOO . SB THAT MANES HIM
MR O on L AU F, THE BAKER, MU S BE THE RICHEST MAN IN TOWN/HE'S Y/OITH *S.OOO /
v/hadda you
KNOW ABOUT IT» SMART BOY ? 010 HE SHOW YA HIS BATiK-BOOK?
fill!
TO XE HIS
r

SANK-BOOK7 MES QOT HIS PITCHER
brackin' about
#20,000RE
%
0Ês

& K
HI

/
/
«
tf<*5PS / S
>
»

I
/
I
' MIKE SCUUCilNS ALIAS LARRY THE LU ALIAS FISH EYE FAQH
%
e
'l
WS*H.
»een
life as a man of thought and action. Aa a man of thought his preeminent wisdom appeared In his speech and writings, and aa a man ## action in the peace and prosperity and . splendor which he brought to his little kingdom.
1
S t
!
w/
•Mae e
e«a we
y
t<
w •• W
JffiSfJD
4
I
• 1
ah *•

y
###PAGE###4###
f
1
ixf/V'/:
!
I pound of the l itter may he substituted
I in each 40 gallon barrel or spray.
| Growers who prefer to apply the
I poison in powder form should use a dust composed of one part of arsenate of lead to six parts of hydrated lime. In dusting, heat results will be secured if the application is made in the early morning or late evening when the vines are wet with dew and the air calm.
In spraying potatoes, the poison should always he mixed with Bordeaux as this material is not only a valuable fungicide but repels the attacks of destructive insects like jjie ttee beetle and leaf Imp. per. Two or three applications in a season should give sufficient protection from all insects when applied thoroughly and at ft time when the new damage first becomes evident. In spraying, cover both the upper and the lower surfaces of the leaves and use an abundance
¦When the planta are small 50 to 76 gallons per acre, and wln n fully grown 100 to 120 gallons per acre is not to much at each application.
THE EQUITY

HODGINS
GARAGE

We


SHAVVVILLE. JULY 6, 1939
V

Quebec Loans $1,007,MO
X!
Now Stock
Loans totalling 01,007,050 granted last month to needy farmers by Onebec Province’s Agricultural Credit Buieau it was announced on June 2*Uh. Since the loan system was organized two
13,687 loans amounting tt>
wen

Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
»
King Bug Killer Acme Bug Killer Paris Green Arsenate Of Lead Arsenate Of Lime
years ago,	, t .	,
$31,735,414 were made by the bureau
Are Preparing for Election Monday, October 16th
being made in
Preparations
Government circles for the Dominion fleeti m to take place Monday, October 16, provided the threat of war is avert-
ire
of material
Fence
Requirements
For Your
fd
Prime Minister King will wait mu il the end of August before announe-dissolution of Parliament. I n-otiicially the word has been sent out to Liberal organizers to be ready for an October election.
The Government has about 30 ap points in its gift before the election including nine senators!) ips. Veteran Liberal members of the commons are putting in their claims with vigor.
Sir Eugene Fiaet, M R, may be named Lieutenant Governor of Quebec. Other posts to he tilled include the chairman of the Tariff Board, Parliamentary Librarian, Debuty Minister of Fisheries and King's Printer.
4
near
log
BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
\
Desirable block of land containing one and a half acres, situated in the township of Clarendon, just south ot Shaw ville village limits house and outbuildings on property For further particulars apply to,
P. O. Box 134,
Shaw ville, Que.
C. C. C. Cattle Spray
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company's Famous Tight Lock Fencing
Dwelling
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., A ECO.
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
I
NOTICE
Clarendon Council
UUoding achievement r breeder. Especially
thinks this an oui for a small farmer
is this true when it is considered Mr. MacKechnie is first interested in the
A meeting of th* E'ectors of (his} For the second time S. Wyman Mac- sale of milk, the breeding and sa’e of Municipality, duly called according to Kechnie, of Bondieehade Farm, Wyman, ! animals being more his sideline, law, was held in Hynes' Hall on Mon-	has qualified an animal	which Le Bonnie shade Silver Kena had proday, July 3rd at 10 o’clock in the	bred and reared hitnielf in	the Cana-	! duced a total of 101,593	pounds milk,
morning, and the following were no-	dian Ayrshire Association’s	Meritorious	4.428 pounds fat, average	test 4 35 per
mina ted for School Commissioners :	Prod notion Gold Seal class. This	cent. jn 10 consecutive	lactations of
means	Bonnieshadç Silver 3,169 milking days. As indicated by
H *n.i, bad produced better than a bun ; her production figures, lactation by
ends of milk on	has never ready d
V ert,d Smiley	She is the twenty-eighth Canadian Ayr- might be called an exceptionally high
An election will be held in the above >llire to reach this class, the second in record level but she certainly has been
Mr. MarKechniv’s herd.	I a most consistent, above the average
Mr. Frank Napier, secretary of thy milk producer, with exceptionally cred-Cunadun Ay shire Breeders’ Association, (table butterfat testa to h^r credit,
points out that Mr. MacKechnie is only j Moreover, seven of her 10 records t ue of two breeders who have qualified j were |,„nor roli recnrdil antt all of the
two cow* for this special class. He, to records were made on two milkings-and most good breeders will agree. !U(i,v
Wyman MacKechnie*» Cow In Honor Class
Province of Quebec
School Municipality of Clarendon
Shaw ville, Que., July 3rd, 1939 Clarendon Council met on the above
Councillors Grant,
Present
date
Whelen, Macfarlane, Smart and Hanna.
Motion—Os. Smart and Wheleo— That Cr. Macfarlane act as Mayor, protein.—Carried.
Minuted of last meeting read and ippioved on motion of Crs Smart and Whelen.
Mr R. Richardson appeared asking v tint the bridge-opposite his property be rebuilt.
Motion—Crs. Whelen and Hanna— That Crs. Grant and Judd, visit this bridge and if they see that it needs immediate attention that it be rebuilt at once on 1940 road work.—Carried.
Cr. Judd entered and took hi# seat at the Board.
Messrs. J. W. Horner and Clarence M.tcLean visited the Council soliciting a grant for the Pontiac Agricultural Society.
Motion— Crs. Judd and Whelen— That a grant of $17^.00 Le given this Society.- Carried.
The following bills were presented
for approval :
Shawville Milling Co., Hour.. ltussell Elliott, fixing grader.. llcy Elliott, trucking for road foremen Barber A Armstrong 10* 00 John E Palmer, cedars
J. Li. IIOnCilNS
Phone 64-J.
Rev. T K. R Nurse Rexfcrd Wilson

Hall on M< r.d «y, July lOili, fivm 8 a. m. to 5 j*. nu
^2®B/SJï8JE3EJSJSJ2J2r3i2jDll^
I
Given at Sh iwville this Third day of July, one thousand nine hundred and thirty nine
DALE’S TINSHOP
J. A DEAN,
•Secretary
l
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
BEATTY PUMPS
Em

ira



> # • ;< v
lf»9
k:

$ Ü 60

1 00
We carry a full range of BEATTY : PUMPS for all purposes.


15 00
à
H. T. Hurd man, registration.. James Stewart, repairing drag Motion—Crs. Whelen That this Board adjourn
3 31 3 00 ind Judd—
k
r
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
k
I
John A. Dean, Sec.-Treat

»
»
Mustard Control on Farms
Farmers who have mustard in their field# may sometimes regard the position as hopeless, but, am rding to a report from the Central Experimental Firm, Ottawa, not only cun mustard be effectively controlled by the use pf cyanamid dust but at the same time an increase of 4 to 6 bushels an acre in the yield of grain crops may he obtained Besides being a weed killed, cyan a mid dust is also a nitrogenous fertilizer
Calcium cyanamid dust, states George Knowles of the Field Husbandry Division, Dominion Ex périment nl Farms, applied at the rate of 1X5 pounds per acre, has controlled mustard effectively at the Central Experimental Farm. Best results were obtained by spreading the dust uniformly over a yrnog growth of grain and mustard which was wet with dew. When dusting-^ is delayed until the plant's were dry the weed was not killed. And if the mustard was in bloom the treatment was less effective than when put on with the dew.
Small areas may be dusted with a knapsack duster, or, if several acres are to be treated, the common fertilizer attachment on a grain drill may be used. A roll of fine mesh wire suspended under the openings of the drill gives more uniform distribution.
Although the dust makes the grain turn yellow, no harmful effects ensue. In ten days the grain should completely recover and the mustard almost entirely disappear. The growing tip of the grain is protected by the sheath.
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.

4
KiT 4k,





ESTABLISHED 1883
1
UNITED STATES NAVY BAND Two Free Concert* Daily
VAN ALEXANDER’S ORCHESTRA Composer, A Ticket-A Ta-dtel” Management. Mu- c l orporsllon of America ,	Dancing Nightly
WORLD’S FAIR REVUE
— Gorgeous Sprrtsele
A MILE OP >MILES Nc* Midway Ride» and Shows
WORLD’S GREATEST VAUDEVILLE E ery Night Before The (,rand-land

'¦%
INVALID
C O A CH
Z
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
K
(.ia-nor
F à %

Directors of Funeral Service
1


5 [> A > S HORSE R A Cl N (
Shawville, Que.
PI RE FOOD SHOW BABY SHOW
BIC FARM MACHINERY EXHIBIT
DOC SHOW
Phone 8
HORSE SHOW
A
"	LIVE STO- K POULTRY AND PETS
GOVERNMENTAL. INDUSTRIAL CIVIC, MERCHANTS' DISPLAYS SCHOOL EXHIBITS. FLOWERS AM) FRUITS BOYS AM) GIRLS COMPETITIONS WOMENS INSTITUTE DISPLAYS—HANDICRAFTS HIGHLAND AND TAP DANCING - ATHLETIC MEET
BOYS BAND COMPETITIONS
FIREWORKS
*4
.4
I

Beattie’s Eye Service
MmlFg


+ COUPON TICKETS
Of on. moo
ADMISSION
:
Æ
,, ,;r,.
i
» •-* u* - kh senu

Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service

"

Poison Sprays tor .Potato Beetles


A



Potato beetles are usually found in the field even before the new crop of potatoes is up They lay their eggs on the under sides of t^e leaves in yellow
When a number of these have

C

X


1

k

hatched is the time to make the first application of the poison spray best and cheapest poison to use, states Allan G. Duatan, Division of Entomo logy, Dominion Department of Agricul tore, is calcium arsenate at the rate of one and a half to two pounds in 40 gallons of Bordeaux mixture (copper sulphate 6 lb, lime 4 lb , water 40 gal loos). If lhe poison is used in water alone, add two to three pounds of hydrated lime to each 40 gallon*. Would arsenate of lead or Paris green be preferred as a po son, two fo three pounds of the former and a half to one




Th


Scientist Eye Examinations
ass-.

I
: m

)
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects *
z
%
%
0






T. T. BEATTIE,
Profetsioosl Optomvtnst
KATHLEEN M. ROLUNS
Professions! Optometrist,
PRIZE LIST, # BOOKLETS AND ALL INFORMATION ON REQUEST H. STANLEY HIGMAN, Present	_______H. H McELROY, Manager W Secretary

r

m m - —-------------
###PAGE###5###
—
&T
vV-
- -
Carde of Thanks
Service Announcement
Shaw ville Unitkd Church Run A. V. Fol® B A., B.D. PxBtor
Bunchy, July 9
11.00 H.m. Service at Shawtille
1.30 p m.—Service »t Zton At these servise^ the Piltw will pr#edh.
3.00	p m. Special Orange Service at Shawville, with O.Y.B. and L.O L. from Shaw ville and district, Ottawa and other Ontario points in attendance.
8.00	p.m.—Service at Stark's Corners
The Equity
Mrs August Ruse and family deiire*
their sil re thanks and for many acti <>f
PRINTING
FLY SPRAYS
1
to express
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦
kindness extended them during the
illness and death of a beloved husband and father.	£
II
PTBtWWSb KVBRT tKOMUV Ai SUAWVlId.B, QUEREU
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside use.
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray
We desire to express our sincere thanks to many friends and neighbours for kindnesses and expressions of *ym pathy during our recent bereavement.
Mr and Mr*. Norman Campbell, Brothers and Sisters.
X!
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere tn Canada
To United States
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
$1 50
• •
2.00

must be paid In full
before any paper la discontinued
Hunters Find Morse Are
The Wariest of Animals
The moose is capable of great speed and has remarkable powers of endurance, writes Mortimer Norton in the Montreal Star. It is an awkward, clumsy animal, but never fails to inspire interest and respect when seen in the forests or feeding on* lily pads in wilderness river.
In winter moose seek the elevated ridges where hardwood trees abound, and when the snow gets deep they "yard up" in the valleys as do the whitetailed deer. They move about according to the supply of food available—stripping maple, buttonwood, birch and aspen trees of their leaves and small twigs.
A moose will trot, run and jump when occasion demands and can crash tlfrough thick underbrush with ease. It is also a good swimmer When stalking a moose, the hun'er must go quietly and proceed against the wind, for these animals have keen sense of hearing and smell This is why, together with the density of the forest, it is so difficult for the hunter to see or get within firing range of one of these wary creatures.
Indeed, moose will often locate ir. almost impenetrable swamps, wljere the only practicable means of bring ! ing them within reach is to use a moose call. Where possible the method of still-hunting is to be recommended, so that the quarry will have a reasonable chance for its life. An experienced moose caller is frequently ab'e to I (ire a bull moose out of the swamps where the waiting hunter can drop it with a well placed shot. This method entices the game to its death without the Slightest warning and under this practice a section of the country can easily be depleted of its necessary breeding stock
Where the terrain is not so thickly wooded then the sportsman will rely on his initiative to track down the rfoose and bag it by still-hunting, or, during especially dry weather, by an organized drive.
tiuiHToL Unitbd Church
C. Armhtrono-Salkh, B. D.
Sunday, July 9
St. Andrew*, Sunday School, 10.00 a.m.
mm 1100 sum. 2.30 p m. 10.30 a.m. 8 00 p m
VV. O UOVVAN, PUBLISHER
. Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Property for Sale
Service at
4%
14
44
Knox,	.	.
Austin, Sunday School,
Service at
on Main
Desirable dwelling h >u*e Strtet, West, SliAwville. * Large proFor further particular apply
*
14
THE CORNER STORE
i
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, July 9 '
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School.
11.00	a.iu.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy
Sunday School
perty.
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sta • MAWVILLE,

!
to :
n
QEO. H. MoDOWBLL,
1104 Gladstone Ave Ottawa,
- QUE. I
Ont.
¥
9
RiNITY
* —

2.30 p fflWBBPWB 3 00 p. in.—Evening Prayer
St. Lukb’h
1.30 p m.—Sunday School 2.00 p m —Evening Prayer
!
Parihh of North Clarknoon 10 30 a.m.—Onslow N„ Morning Prayer
Evening MlMf
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
2.30	p in.—Thorne,
7.30	p.m.—Charter U, Evening Prayer
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited

Tip Top Tailors
Roy 6. Fraser

Gifts, Novelties
Flowers,
Shawville Bakery
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
NJade-to-Measure Suits
See Our New Samples for Summer 1939
Phone 160
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our bttftineftj. VVe in
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
All Tip Top Tailors Fabrics, except otherwise stated, are pure wool, examined for possible defects in their own examining
rooms.
The standard of perfection in cloth is the highest in the British Empire.
# l
Each order received at the factory in Toronto is individually submitted to the designers before work on the garment is begun. Expert supervision is maintained throughout facture.
On
, vite your patronage.
orders of $1.00 <>r over, phone
On orders . of
us collect.
$3.00 or over, phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
Phone 89
H. 1. HOBBS, Prop.
Phone anytime between 7 a
and It p. m.
Nicknames Given Kings;
•Charles' Were in Lead
Y
.1 •
«r
1
jr
r»
Not even kings are immune from nicknames, and history provides many examples—unkind as well as
wÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊt
Charles, especially of Fiance, seem to have been particularly liable, and lead the way in the royal nickname parade, says Pearson's London Weekly.
There was Charles the Bald, sor of the second wife of Louis the Kind; Charles the Simple, son of Louis the Stammerer; Charles the Handsome, son of Philip the Handsor.e; and Charles the Wise, who was fond of books, rather a rare distinction in his day brary of 20 volumes which had satisfied the literary yearnings of his father, but left, at his death in 13 k). some 900, .about all there were then.
Then there was Charles the Well-Beloved,- who fell ill from a magic spell and was treated by wizards instead of doctors; Charles the Victorious, who recaptured nearly all his kingdom from the English, Charles the Courteous, who was so polite to his servants that two fell dead on hearing of his death.
Charles the Fat was king of Swa
Charles the Bad mis-Charles the
m
¥
various Kings
The
BRAY CHICKS
V
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
J
I
pH1^
manu-

n

i
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg A Poultry Association
BRISTOL. QL’B
1
He inherited the li-
If
• *
4 $
p $
Phone» 278
Place Your Order Now!
Tip Top Clothes last longer and look better after long ser vice.
A Tip Top suit means .that you will be dressed well, not merely clothed.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
/ Violin Dimensions
Bachmann’s Encyclopedia of the Violin gives a table showing the cor reel dimensions of the violin as es tablished by Vidal; they represent the exact principal dimensions of a very fine Stradivarius, the Vu : laume or L,a Mesaie Stradivariu*. These are a. .. s: Total exterf:: length of body. 14 inches; bread:*’ across upper bouts, gWjMgg breadth across lower bouts, inches; breadth across inner bouts, 4.3 inches; length of inner bouts. 3 inches; length from bace of button to notch of E-holes, ; 7.6 inches ; height df sides, upper bouts. 1.2 inches; height of sides, inner bouts. 1.2 inches, height of sides, lower bouts, 1.25 inches; length of the neck, 5.15 inches; length of finger board, 10.25 inches. A violin consists of 68 or"70 separate parts, and several varieties of wood are used, including maple or plane wood for the back, neck, ribs and bridge; spruce for 4he belly, the bar of the corners, the molds, linings and sound post; ebony or rosewood for the finger board, nuts, pegs, tailpiece and the tailpiece button which supports it.
p

bia and
mÊKÊ/fHÊÊÊfÊtÊÊtÊÊ/flÊÊM
Bold reigned over Burgundy, and Charles the Warrior over Savoy.
.Italy.
d Navarre
MacLean’s
6.9 inches
RED & WHITE STORE
8 2
. 0
2 m
Used Cars


I •
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
t
1935—Chevrolet Sedan 1931—Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Pontiac Coach 1938 —Willys Pick up
1938—	Fold Tudor Deluxe 1029—Plymouth Coupe 1937 - Dodge Coach 1931-Buivk
1031—Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 1930-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable prices.	%
l
mi
23 cts.
Alymer Soups, 3 for Crown Tea, one pound package Red & White Coffee, per pound
“ Baking Powder per lb. 25
Pineapple, Sliced, Crushed, or Cubes 10 Mixed Biscuits, two pounds Miracle Whip Salad Dressing 32 oz.

• •
• •
53
e e
Home Furnishings

39
ll
Il II
II
«I
25
II
Furniture, Beds,
If you are contemplating buying Bedding,	field Suites, Studio Couches, Dining
Suites, Breakfast Suites, Fluor Coverings, etc., it will pay you to visit our Furniture Department* where you
•always welcome to go up and look around.
new
# *
;
49
ll
16 “ 35
ll
ll
ll
ll
ll
8 “ 22
ll
ll
ll
ll
ll
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
15
ll
Cracking the Whip
In Lincolnshire, England, are (or were) lands held by the following tenure : AnnuaUy, on Palm Sunday, the lessee comes Into the local church holding a green silk purse, containing two shillings and a silver penny, tied at the end of a cart-whip, which he cracks three times just outside the church door and then three times again over the
cle r gy m an ’
throughout the sermon, he presents the clergyman the purse as the sermon
tease Is fulfilled.
Fresh Cheese, per pound Shu-Milk for White Shoes,
It, for White Shoes, per bottle
• e

15 and 25
ll
are


19
MEAT DEPARTMENT
£
t
Canada Packers Sausages, fresh per
J. P. Wilson
pound 15 “
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Plume 40
head, then kneeling
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Good Assortment of Cooked Meats
finishes—and the terms of his
###PAGE###6###

"Well. ! im. In fact, 1 wrote the words and music. You don’t have to worry your head. All I want to know is, what will you do?"
"You mean you done kidnap!*' before?" asked the Weasel unbelievingly.
Joe flashed his head around and looked at him pityingly. Have I done it before? Don’t be a clack."
Well." said the Weasel, "wot you want 1 should do?"
At this point Kelly gave a llttje moan lu her sleep. They shot quick glances at her. Hut her eyes were closed; her body relaxed.
"First of all." Joe said. “y<ia might tall me what kind of a place you and this Cissy Jane have in Canada?"
"Ain’t much of a place," the Weasel told him. "it’s a kinda shack."
"Shack, eh? Well, that sounds all right. Where Is It?"
"Pretty near St. Catharines." "Ontario? ’ .	•
"Huh?"

The Perfect Thirst Quencher
•Ill#
w

I


FF

HI


. ¦ s

A WHOLESOME
AND TASTY MEAL IN THEMSELVES

A

A
-*

Hi

X

ft
*
r ».
SBSS TEA
; 5 m
am
Mr Jr ; Jr.
Full of pur* nourishment
m
«
?
<?
'
?
cl *
m
!
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
/

N

?


Copyright 193d. NE A Service Inc.
BY EDWIN RUTT
Queen Sets Fashion For Women Here
is cup granulated sugar ttt cups boiling water 1/f» teaspoon salt 2/3 teaspoon vanilla
Cot up chocolate and melt over hot water. Add salt, stir and cook now over direct heat until the mixture reaches the boil. Qimmer gently, stirring often for 6 miaules. Remove from heat and add vanilla. Cool slightly, turn into a Jar, cover and store in a cold place.
à
T
T
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SAINOHAM —hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
he sighed regretfully VII have to cut you lu."
The Weasel grasped this. This was the kind of language he spoke. He thrust his gun against Joe's back.
1 suppose
Ransom Note

i
"Skip it. 1 guess It's Ontario, all right. Now then, do you think that Cissy can handle this girl? She's a red head, you know. They're plenty tough."
The SVeaset scoffed
A
A


i
8
L
Costumes Her Majesty Displayed on Royal Tour Will Find Favor Among Many Types in Canada—Kind Average Women Can Wear


L
K
‘ You’re telliif me,’* he said. I'll say you're gonna cut me In-knd how. 'Cause 1 got a gun, see? An' I'm ruunin, the show, plenty."
"There you go." said Joe disgustedly. "Getting tough. You gun guys have no art. uo finesse. All you know is rough stuff. Hut, me? Why, listen. I'm so slick that this girl doesn't even know she's being kidnapped. How about that?"
“Dat’s a good one." said the Weasel appreciatively. "Being kidnaped an* she don't know it. Haw! Haw!"
"Well," said Joe. with a trace of truculence, "have 1 brains or haven't I?"
"You said it, fella," the Weasel admitted. "You had me sucked in.
I fought you wanted to marry da gofl."
"That's whar she thinks too. Wait’ll she wakes up."
This appealed to the Weasel as humor of a high order. He shook with sileut mirth on his case of Chandler & Sandham's Peanut Tweeties.
"Now look,"
down to business, "1 wouldn't have told you a thing about this If 1 hadn’t seen that it was necessary. But you've got the drop on me, paid, as we say out lu Arizona where the bad men are. And what I want to know is, how far are you prepared to go to earn your cut?"
The Weasel scratched his head. "Gee. I dunno,' he said. 1 ain't hep to da snatch racket."
Handle
her? Listen, fella. Cissy can shoot da light outa a candle at 50 yards.”
"Well, before you do auything •1 sewhen we get there," maW Joe decisively, "you'll take Sissy's gun away from her. We can't afford to have Kel-er—this girl hurt or anything. Not even scratched. They don't pay off on dead bodies, you know."
"Wot you gonna do." inquired the Weasel heavily, "writs a ransom note?"
A
E

S

By SADIE CHAMBERS
Costumes Queen Elizabeth displayed during the royal tour of the Dominion will find favour among Canadian women. They generally were the kind any average young woman in this country might find iu her own wardrobe.
There probably will be conflicting viewpoint* about color, for the Queen wears pastel shades while Canadian women seem to prefer contrasting combinations, but the royal gowns and coats baye been simply designed, well cut and easy to copy. '	4 w
*
Your Household Problems
CHAPTER Sill
With the remark conversation lapsed. For mile after mile Joe drove on steadily, with Kelly sleeping peacefully at his side.
Two o'clock in Hie morning found the Ford west of Albany proceeding swiftly toward Syracuse. The Weasel had directed Joe as to what roads to take to his hideout across from Niagara Falls. Shortly they stopped for gas and the Weasel obtained a New York tabloid from the all-night station. As they moved on again he searched for news of his robbery.
“Here it is." lie announced. Bank robber ee-ludes po-lice.* Stop a second so’s I can read it."
The account was brief. It stated merely that the oauk at North Collision, Connecticut, had been held up by a loue bandit early that morning; that the robber was believed to have gotten away with approximately $20,000; that his car nad been found abandoned, but the mau himself appeared to have made a cleau getaway; that there was no clue to his identity.
“‘No clue to his identity," quoted the Weasel, brimming with selfsatisfaction. ‘Til say dey ain’t. I pulled dal job clean an’ neat. I . . hey, wot da hell?"
REFRESHING BEVERAGES
A much desired hot weather need is the refreshing beverage concoction, whether it be for the refreshing close of a meal or for porch or lawn serving.
As we consider the beverage, our thoughts immediately turn to fruit. Fruit juices are now rapidly falling in line in toeir summer march each offering as they go, their riot of flavor for refreshment. An admirable addition is the popular ginger ale and a sprinkle and dash here and there of the favorite mint.
Befoie giving these drinks just a word on the milk concoctions for those who must remember' their calories.	x
Have you fussy eaters In your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and Interest-mg menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamp, ed, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
"Yup."
’’Wot’ll we say? I ain’t much good at writin*."
"Don’t you worry, Shakespeare," said Joe. ’Til do the literary work. Is this shack of yours decent at all? This girl’s got class. We can’t keep her in a rathole."
"Aw. da shack ain’t so bad," said the Weasel. ’ It’s good enough fer Cissy."
"That,’’ said Joe, with imperceptible scorn, "makes everything okay. Well, how about going straight there? We better get out of the country before we fool around with ransom notes or anything. Time enough for that later. I suggest we drive like hell for Niagara Falls."
’ Sure," said the Weasel. And he added: "Dis here’s a natural, ain’t it?”
Household Hints
Pearls, Furs And Para sola
Pearls, furs aod parasols all had their place in the royal wardrobe. The Queen's use of these accessories may Influence Csnadlan fashions.


The Odors of strongly flavored foods sometimes linger on silverware even after a thorough washing. To eliminate, boil in water te which a generous amount of soda has been added.
i •
Pearls probably will be worn more frequently since Her Majesty rarely was seen without two or three strings. While Canada's well-dressed woman favor fur in Jacket form or as a neck piece. Queen Elizabeth used it to trim her cuffs aud band her hem or in collar effect. She only occasionally wears a fur jacket.
The hot weather that greeted the party in the* United States brought out the parasol and the umbrella many come into its own again as a protection against the sun. although Canadian women smile favorably on sun tans.
Blues undoubtedly will flood the costume market because of the Queen’s preference for that color aud tones designated as "Queen’s blue" can be expected to cover a myriad of shades.
said Joe, getting
ICED MILK
Mix equal parts of chilled milk and prepared cocoa as for drinking, add a spoon of maple or caramel syrup. Shake thoroughly. Add a spoon of maple ice cream to the fclass. Serve with a spoon.
Place a large spoon of vanilla ice cream in an iced coffee glass; add M cup of milk, then pour in ginger ale to fill the glass, stirring jill the while. Drink at once.
Flavor iced milk with maple sugar, with brown sugar, with melted chocolate peppermints. Heat large chocolate mints in the upper part of a double boiler, when melted stir into milk.
Fruit cakes will keep freah almost indefinitely if perfectly wrapped. Always allow a fruit cake to cool thoroughly before removing from the baking pan. Then wrap air tight in waxed paper until needed.
If you like a slightly sharp fla vor, add a little vin?gar to the melted butter and seasoning to pour over boiled white onions.
33-
In Perfect Understanding
"You spoke that time way. we haven’t said anything about the rut. How would fifty-fifty be?"
"Fifty-fifty,” said the Weasel, "is okiedoke wid me."
Joe bent his attention on the
By‘the '
*
Kidnapped
The paper had been suddenly twitched from his fingers. And Joe Sandnam, eyes popping was staring at the reproduction of a photograph that occupied almost the whole of the back page. Below the picture was the caption: SOCIETY GIRL MISSING—KIDNAPPING FEAR
Sometimes silver threads used in embroidery become tarnished before the rest looks soiled and shabby. Clean by brushing with a small toothbrush some cream of tartar or powdered magnesia, and the tarnish will soon vanish.
Adjustable Frock
road. Presently he reached over aud switched out the dashboard light.
jf
For Tiny Tots
I can see the road better with-

2908
5)
out it." he explained. "We've got to make time now."
"Yeah." agreed the Weasel. And then, for a long period, a beautiful silence reigned. It was is If two souls In perfect harmouy and understanding shared the gloom that now pervaded Chandler & Sandham’s Ford delivery truck. But, under cover of darkness. Mr. Joseph Herendeen Ssndhsm began to do things.
SIZES
a-6
MINT PUNCH
1 cup chopped fresh mint leaves 1 cup powdered sugar H cup lemon juice 4 cups orange juice 1 quart ginger ale Crushed ice Mint sprigs
Rub the mint leaves and sugar together until well mixed lemon and orange juice. Allow to stand for at least 15 minutes, in a cold place, preferably longer. Strain, add the ginger ale. Pour into glasses V% full of cracked ice. Garnish each glass with mint sprigs.
Catty Remarks Foolish Policy
ED

The blurb read:
Up to a late rour last night nothing had been heard of Miss Caroline Archer who disappeared from the home of her parente. Mr. and Mrs. George K. Archer of 895 Park Avenue, on Tuesday. Members of Mias Archer’s family could not be reached by reporters today. But detectives in charge of the case fear
<r
I
/
0
$

9

1


%
People Who Make Them Draw Attention To Own Defects



s
? *
$
—Poor Way to Build One-


self Up
i
Add


(To Be Continued)

The personality experts sound theory that you never build yourself up by tearing somone else down can very well be applied to beauty. In other words, the surest way to draw attention to the flaws la your appearance is to go around making catty .remarks about how other women look.
If you say. "Agatha's getting pretty hippy, isn’t she?", somebody is likely to think, if not actually say. "Well, you aren't so slim." Or else, * You'd be better off if you gained a few pounds yourself."
The minute you remark that so and so's coiffure is terrible, you focus attention on your own hair. All well and good, thougly hardly kind, if your owu hair always looks really lovely, but pretty silly if It doesn't.
ed

The Weasel was leaning over Joe’s shoulder breathing sterto-ously down his neck. Suddenly he emitted a low cry.
Hey. dat’s. da is
a
Our Appetites Impressed Her

>


$1.00 FOR YOUR OLD IRON
Your old Iron — no matter what condition . or make—Is worth 11.00 on the purchase of a new Coleman Self-Healing Iron. Ask Your dealer (any «tore handling hardware) for FREE TRADE-IN CERTIFICATE worth 11.00 toward the purchase of your new Coleman Iron, or write
He broke off, as if at a loss for suitable
m
Its
$
Australian Woman Thinks Canadians Eat an Enormous
FRUIT COCKTAIL
1/3 cup evaporated milk 1/8 cup water
1 teaspoon lemon juice % cup orange juice or 1/3 cup grape juice Sugar to taste Cracked ice.
Mix ingredients, cracked ice in a tightly covered fruit jar or other container until frothy.
CV
words, aud gestured first at the picture, then at the sleeping Kelly.
“Yes," said Joe composedly, "you’ve got something. It’s the same girl."
"But kidnappin’?" seemd unable io go ou. He was floored.
c?

I

Lot
c

Sis

Mrs. R. Rae, of Sydney, Australia, is impressed with the appetites of Canadians and Americans to which she attributes the large size of the average North American girl, contrasted with the dainty and frail type more common iu Australia.
"Such frightfully largo helpings are served here. The principal industry seems to be eating." she said.



The Weasel
The Coleman Lamp A Steve Ce

l.td
Depl WO
loruutu. Ontario
Shake with

All at once something bright raced across Joe’s eyes. He glanced at Kelly, stirring a little in her sleep. He screwed his head part way around and looked at the Weasel, who sat ou the candy case with his mouth hanging open. Then, very quietly, he started the

SEIF-
MF ATINÇ



Do This If You’re
FROSTED CHOCOLATE
For each individual serving
1	cup rich milk
2	tablespoons chocolate syrup I tablespoon vanilla ice cream
Place milk and chocolate syrup together in a shaker or bowl. Shake or beat with a rotary beater until very frothy/ If ice cream is used add before beating or shaking. Serve very cold.
NERVOUS
use:
High Heels Show Low Intelligence
Fashionable Footwear Destroys Arch of Foot—Insult to Human Intelligence Says Aus-• trali# n Professor
Mrs. Rae is accompanying her husband on a business trip through Canada and the United States.

car
“Weasel." he said in a whisper, "punks like you sure hand me a laugh."
The Weasel slaved incredulously at the back of Joe’s head.
"You mean." be said, drawing a long breath, ‘ dat you’re kidnapin*
dis baby?"
"What else would I mean?"
Rough Stuff
The magnitude of this idea so impressed Ed the Weasel that for a full minute he sat silent and wondering. Then he pulled himself together and gave vent to a subdued whistle.
"I fought day wu* something screwy wid dis setup," said the Weasel shaking his head.
"Nothing screw y at all. I’m only doing what any other fellow with a brain between his ears would do. Listen. Weasel, I met this girl by accident. But as soon as 1 found out who she was, I saw my chance. She was on her way to Boston to marry some bird up there. But her car got wrecked so she asked me to drive her. Well, I had about as much intention of driving her to the moon as to Boston. And I was Jest—just —er—figuring things out when you came along. And now

nethinr about or rely when there's need of a
: tâ.'Fiï.szr.
Australia Isn’t
Expecting Visit
Lrt PinkhmnT. Couponed M> beOd n.orr physical resistance and thus aid
female functional disorders and
ROOM FOR ACTION
By Louise Lennox
worth Wring
Your little girl will be comfortable and sweet in this little printed cotton dress. A spanking white collar frames the tiny face becomingly and matches the white but- I lia. tons down the front. With a wide hem. the length can be adjusted to her rapidly growing height. Matching panties complete the easy to make dress for play-time and the price is so easy on your pocket-book that you will want to make several, one with the collar and another with
Premier R. G. Menzies of Australia last week said that he knew nothing about any projected visit of the King and Queen to Austra-
CHOCOLATE SYRUP
High heels of the woman of fashion were described by Professor W. A. Osborne as a gross Insult to human Intelligence.
"Contrast the modern female, that walks along the city streets, with a newsboy." be said. j^Hi newsboy moves gracefully, whereas at every step a Jolt can b eseen gth log through her whole body. “ marvel is that her brain does not suffer from more irritation than Is apparently present normally."
High heels, he added, destroyed the human’s most effective shock absorber—the arch of the foot.
Piakhxm'n-ovnr 1.000.000 "i
MUST BE %%%?
This is a very convenient syrup, that can be kept covered and cold to be used at short notice whenever needed.

Commenting on reports that Their Majesties might make a trip to Australia, the Prime Minister saM, “Australia would be delighted at any time to have a Royal visit, but I realize that there would be great difficulties about any visit in the near future.”
+ 4
4
This syrup is quite ooth and free from graininess, and makes a delicious drink for the children.
3 squares of i/nsweetcned choco-
i ~ llte \
1 cup corn syrup
For Eczema Skin Troubles
V t
«
"The
Tiit-
Make up your mind today that you going to rive your skin a real chant
draw string neck. Style No. 2908 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6, and 8 years. Size 4 requires 1% yards of 89-inch material and % yprd of 35-inch contrasting.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St.. Toronto plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Se sure to state size you wish.
AT
an original bottle of Moone’e F.mersld H lasts many days because it is begirt» centrstad.
The very first application will five yew relief—the itching of Kcaeme is ma-anlly
CASA LOMA
Casa Loma
**:*% TO HU .> TO • Mr Henry I'ellietl mllllnn
agnail
Casa Loma is being operated b> the Ki wants Club, of West Toronto, for the third season, and alread> over 10,000 tourists have visited the castle this year, and over 100,000 visited the castle during the season of 1937 and 1938. Casa Loma was built by Sir Henry Pellatt at a so at of about two million dollars.
•elisr
—_JR	.	--- Rend,
%l	'» llnnr*n tour tkr* «natte,
are continually breaking eggs when *¦i»kien. an sellerie., (rying lo separate them, try br.sk- ». .Z'::::'", "’" JT.n'J 1“ ing the eggs uue at a time Into a |	(ike king and hu WiiM..
Wi------ef Into
I nellc-va-the-lllll.
I
a very tew dave. me aaaee •• i ing Toes sod Feet Barber’s Itch
For Nervous Fingers — It you
Ta
Salt Kbe
mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊmrSSStm ou m
lira;., powerful, penetrating AntiaegtK Off that dors not slain or leave a greaav rrsidwe.
Complete satisfaction or mo ne» hack
and other akin troubles.
Write
painted by order
funnel which has been placed over a Je lit lum.lar. The white will pass Lut.ugh (be funnd, leaving the yolk la the fuu.it 1.
J
pk ef Aasntrl
,	bn. US life else
fig area. 28 feel x 1* feet, Vlny M«
Issue No. 26 — ’39
¦ I# * n# «III S klldren. Ile. »n
» Ad

ta.
B


###PAGE###7###
X
of Joso, we could solve any problem with which the Canadians are faced. We could clean up the railway mess we could pot unemployed to work, and we could redeem the hundred thousand human lives who are panhandling their way all back and forth across Canada. — Farmer's Advocate.
Canadian Girls At Empire Pageant of Fitness
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
PARADE
AWAY WITH APPEASEMENT: The St. Thomas Ttom-journal, In common with a great many other newspapers In the Dominion and a few thousand people of intelligence^ Is showing considerable disgust at the "Fabien'* (to be polite) policy of Prime Minister Chamber-lata, who, even after the awakening of the British people to the serious-less of the European situation nnd their readiness to back a firm stand, la giving signs of wanting to "appease" Hitler again. Is he aiming to "do another Munich,** this time on Danzig. Rumania, Yu-
WÊÊÊM
Says the Times-Journal when Mr. Chamberlain was on the edge of completing a strong peace bloc (France. Britain, Russia) that would be the only method Hitler would understand, he told Parlia-v ment "there are many concessions which could be made to Germany without greet difficulty If one could he quite certain that those concessions would be used only for the purposes for which they were given and not to bolster up some strategic aim." ‘
"The greatest service that w# writers sen render to the cause of pence is to hold explosive words under lock and key.**—Andre Maurois.
CONTRAST IN EXPENSES Rich man Poor man .
Twin
Six Twins Montreal Star
*,.**#*»»****#*#«#*
*#»*#**#«**#
"There la no sense in any one making war, and every argument is against It.”—John Jacob Artor.
DUAL CONTROL Women control eighty per cent, of the wealth of this continent and fully an equal per cent, of the men — Brandon Sun.
«
WHERE WERE THE REST?
By a vote of 26 to 21 the Senate adopted the minority report of Its special rill way committee, membership of the Senate, allowing for nine vacant seats la 17. Where were the forty-one who did
Owen Sound Sun-


Full

"Just


4SF

net vote? Times.
MUSIC IN SCHOOLS Music leaves a refinement upon the character not difficult to account for. Little effect will be net-lee* upon the children now but they will go through life with the influence of music giving them something worthwhile to thoao-eelvfs and to others. — Kitchener Record.
it

V4
•.A
¦ |
Girls of the Canadian, contingent are pictured during the mass rehearsal which preceded the recent empire pageant of physical fitness, held in London, England. Delegates from all parts of the empire participated in the rally.

Follow Routes
Of Columbus
Distribution was delayed more than two weeks owing to the late ice conditions which kept the temperature of the bay waters too lew to risk the transfer from the Collingwood Hatchery. This recent stocking is expected to dispel any fear of a shortage or disappearance of wbitefish in these waters. The hatchery will now turn its attention to the propagation of pickerel and some 26 million are expected to be distributed a few months from now.
PEN DOESN'T PAY: The Winnipeg Free Press asks why It is that a country this sise, population alt, IS,000,m, can't boast at least 110 first-rate authors, one to every 100,#00 Canadian people. Reason la, of course, that an author in order to be first-rate" muet de^bte hie satire time to his art, which means the products of his pen must earn him enough to live on. Easier said than done. So much easier. In fact, that we have only one poet, two or three novelist# In the entire Do Intel, who are able to live solely by their Independent literary work.
01
How Can I?
EIEIY Til
WE CAN SOLVE ANY PROBLEM The arrangements made across Canada to greet Their Majesties the King and Queen is am object lesson In organisation and efficiency. If we would submerge polities and pat ourselves wholeheartedly into the enterprise ms Cased la ns have done during the month of May and those early days
all
BV ANNE ASMI EV
ixtbthff
Harvard Expedition Sailing Nan* Fall In Schooner W»
MJ
Q.—How can I remove ink spots from paper?
A.—Apply a solution of muriate of tin with a soft brush. When the stain disappears, rinse and then dry the paper carefully.
Q.—How can I keep flies off the surfaces of picture frames and other articles?
A.—Rub the surfaces of picture frames, lamps, ornaments, hard painted walls, etc., with laurel oil.
Q.—What can I use as a substitute for a broken percolator top?
i
Accurately
il..
<-x»
la an effort to rewrite more accurately the opening chapter In Americas history, a Harvard expedition headed by Prof. Samuel Blot Morison will retrace next fall the routes followed by Christopher Columbus during bis voyages in the new world.
Feel What Columbus Felt Sailing aboard the 140-foot steel schooner Capltana about August 1 Worn Oyster Bay, 1*1., the party will study the discoverer's navigation, seyk out on the Panama Coast the site of the first European settlement on the mainland and view coasts and islands as Columbus saw them. They expect to bo gone until February 1.
Prof. Morison explained the purpose of the voyage is to produce "tridimensional history — bringing to bear sight and feeling on the subject, not Just sitting In a library and writing of it." He said he felt the only way to understand Columbus and evaluate him as a seaman was to sail the seas he sailed and visit the places he visit-
BAGPIPES CHARM FISH
Even in Ashing the old adage of "Try, try again" is useful, but if even this philosophy should prove successful, pull out your bagpipes and a tune will bring its rewards. At least the following account seems to prove something along these lines.
Tom Mackay, drum major of the Highland Pipe Band In Sydney, Australia, claims he can charm fish with his bagpipe, and other members of the band back up his boast.
When the pipers were fishing recently at Kildare none got a bite until Mackay struck up on his pipes. After that, fish began to bite readily, and within an hour and a half the men had landed 20 fish, including one weighing 60 pounds.

FLAY IT DOWN:	Although the
danger of war In Europe and tho far East la increasing day by day, we're mot supposed to know it over here la Canada. A number of the big business houses In the Dominion have come to believe that continual featuring of war-scare news la the press and on the radio la partially responsible for the slump in trade — that it's, well, bad for business. It Is rumored that they are exerting pressure on the larger newspapers to go slow on the scare headlines, and play up our forthcoming election, and such, instead.


g#
WD'
A.—If the percolator top break» and another one is not at hand, join the pieces with adhesive tine, and it can be used until a new top is secured.
Q.— How can I clean the rubberized shower curtain that has acquired a white, sticky film?
A.—This film is caused by steam and water, and can be removed by washing the curtain in warm water and mild soap, rubbing with .. soft brush, and then rinsing thoroughly in clean warm water.
Q.—riow can I avoid getting callouses on the hands when using a broom?
A.—This can be prevented by covering the upper part of the handle with any soft material, sewing it firmly, tacking the lower end of the material to the han-



i

c

w.
|ÉHM| am

r •






m



m



%
I

w*
wM%

Is:
THE WEEK S QUESTION:	What
baa General Franco (El Caudtllo) beta busy doing in Spain since tbs conclusion ot the Civil War? Answer: He has introduced the corporative state to Spain, modelling It on ItHy'a Fascist one-party system of government; he is starting a mew totalitarian propaganda irlve on South America, aiming soea te establish on this continent malt# of thegSpanish Phalanx; he baa set aside a $70,000,000 subsidy to build up a merchant fleet to "display New Spain's prestige in America aad the Far East"; he has de-
if&TUAi
(WARD WHITE STAR
ottUwtic cttighwwM
Fox breeders of Chipman, N.B., believe that two pups in a litter born there are platinum foxes, one being the ordinary silver type.

A
PRO
Choice
die.
By Fred Neher
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
Q.—How can 1 make it easier to peel potatoes?
A.—Before peeling the potatoes cover them with very hot water, let them stand for about five minutes, and see how easy it makes the work.
tf rm*
bubble s.
ÏKD
i
mobbed half the men under arms aad held a victory parade with the Italian and Germany "volunteers" searching In It; he has sent Loyalists is concentration campa by the teas of thousands; he has reaffirmed bis friendship with the Rome-Berlin axis; ho has set up In Madrid eighteen military tribunals t# try Loyalists, $88 of whom have already been- executed.
Cunard White Star is in the unique position of being able to offer a most comprehensive choice of routes to Europe
Is, led by the world's fastest ship.

;
Po°
cyo
o
o
o
a
O
see
o
o
o
C
NTARIO
UTDOORS
o
/>
€>
»
the "Queen Mary" and the new "Mauretania", provide a
»
wide range of sailings and variety of accommodation at moderate cost.
!
/
/
The Short "Sheltered" Route from Canada
By VIC BAKER
1
Two sailings a week from Montreal and Quebec on the


FIFTY MILLION FISH IN ONTARIO WATERS
Fifty million young have been deposited in the waters of Georgian Bay and Lake Simcoe this year by Superintendent Geo. Andrews and his staff of the Col-lingwood hatchery, according to recent reports reaching this column.
The fingerlings were propagated in the Ontario hatchery during the winter and this spring and early summer are being spent in distributing the fish about in different a ré as where it is known they will thrive. Some of the locations chosen are reported as the Marry Ward Shoal, Nottawasaga Bay, in the vicinity of the Christian Islands and possibly as far as Fed Rock. Lake Couchicliing will receive a good quantity of the young fish.
scenic St. Lawrence route to England, Ireland, Scotland and France. Rates as low as $132. Cabin, $118. Tourist and $91.
9.
a
You can’t ship bees by mail. The Dominion Government has come right out and said so, leaving ealy a couple of loopholes. In relume XIX, No. 953, issued by John A. Sullivan, Deputy Post Master General, it distinctly says: "Postmasters are informed that honey bees must not be accepted for transmission in the mails if baggage car service or catch-poat service is necessary."
whitefish
Third Class.
• >
• •
,<s
The Fast Route from Hew York and Boston
X
A weekly service to England and France by the mammoth "Queen Mary" and "Aquitania" . . . regularly to Cobh, Southampton, Havre and London in the new "Mauretania", the "Géorgie" and "Britannic" and frequent sailings to Galway, Belfast, Dublin and Liverpool by the 20,000 ton liners "Franconia", "Scythia", "Laconia", "Samaria” and "Carinthia". Rates start at $159. Cabin, $122.50 Tourist, $93.50 Third Class.
*
your local travel agent, or
For full information
BUZ
9
( U HARD WHITE STAR
XI
Books And You
|y* O
BY
ELIZABETH EEDY

l
if the wardee is wise to
jys in three days • . • 1 wonder the feet that we’ve been stalling
"Foer new gu
ft
“CANADA 1939'
The Dominion Bureau of Statis-tlca has recently issued the 1939 edition of Its Official Handbook, "Calais” In which thfc review of the country's economic progress and organisation is brought up to date. IVe a compendium of information useful alike to business people and the general public. Production, trade, finance, labour and transportation, In addition to such subjects aa population, health and education receive detailed treatment. This year a special article following the letroductloe deals with the Unemployed Youth Problems . Steps Teward Its Solution.
There la a limited number of the eeplea of the Handbook still available, at twenty-five cents apiece. Application a for the book should be addressed to the King’s Printer, at Government Printing Bureau, In Ottawa	*	’8
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Record
- PUT ONE OF MAS PANCAKES ON THE PHONOGRAPH -
? £
- BEEN GIVEN MY LAST
CHANCE, .Av COLONEL.

I

I
N
z

*5
1
t,
V
\
I
l

###PAGE###8###



ç—

!
¦ m
i' • -

MF
*tB»
e-< ¦ .

w>
Look Here
Seychelle Islands Land
Of the ‘Forbidden Fruit’
In the Indian ocean, 900 miles east of the coast of Africa, lie the Seychelle islands, so far off the beaten track that mail steamers are a novelty, notes a writer in the Philadelphia Inquirer. There are 60 islands in this remote group, and although they were not discovered until the Sixteenth century they seem to enjoy many of the amenities of modern civilization. They are believed to be the remains of an ancient continent that once stretched from India across to Africa.
One man of deep religious faith firmly believed the Seychelles to be the site of the Garden of Eden. Local tradition supports this claim. Here grows the palm tree that bears the coco-de-mer — the Forbidden Fruit of the Bible.
Iln and about Port Victoria may be seen the huge dragon’s blood trees, about 80 feet in height, with long, pendulous branches, bright with sprays of fragrant yellow blossoms. The tree gets its name from the fact that when the bark is scraped it exudes a deep red sap, and the tree looks as if bleeding.
Many varieties of birds are to be found in the Seychelles. The most interesting is the myna, about the size of a blackbird. It has a curious fluttering flight, something like that of a butterfly being blown about in the wind. There are many small sea-gulls. One kind lays its eggs, without any nest, on the bare branch of a tree. The shell holds a form of glue which holds the egg to the tree until the sun hatches it.
The planters are light Creoles, descendants of French colonials from Mauritius, far to the south of the Seychelles. The islands are British, but the language 4s French. The Negroes are descendants of slaves rescued by British cruisers putting down the slave trade on the African coast.
For Sal#-, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
PEDLAR’S
<>
ROOMS TO RENT—Two nice largo room* to let, with or without board. Apply to Mrh. Hector Tki.kohd, Main Street, Shawville.
k
WË
Metal Roofing
and Siding
FOUND—On Saturday morning on Centre Street, at the Bank of Montreal, a fountain pen. Owner may hate same culling at this office and paying for ad.

^y4

v
.
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
FOR SALB-One ten foot Moodle hay rake, in good condition ; one dark grey colt, two years old and one aged horse, quiet and sound. Apply to Gkorok Campbell, R. R. No, 3. a ha w iF I lie. Phone iW 0.

Barn and Stable Equipment
WANTED — At once, car load of
25 cents
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
Holstein heifer*, to freshen on or about August 16th ; also can handle a number grade Holstein heifers or backward cows. Apply to Leonard Hklmrkr, Shawville, Phone 80. .
I
25 cents
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock

Stave Wood For Sale — In bandies, dry and called staves, pine limited. Place your order at once. Apply to Borden Corrigan, at Stave Mill. Ph
one
S3.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
• in
III!
Painting and Whitewashing-* All kinds of painting and white washing, by power machine done at reasonable price*. Apply to M. Keros, Wyman. Phone,
DEAN BROS.
*0.
Miss Vera Katt
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
»
FOR SALE—One Tricycle for sale In good condition. Apply to P.O. Box (98); Phone 64, Shaw r I Ile, Que.
Quebec
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
»
FOR SALE—One McCormick Manure _	_ Apply to
Harvey Brown lie R. R. No. 2, Shaw, ville. Que. Phone 20* 23.
Spreader In good condition.
X'/'/	is\si*\s\s\s.s?\s\s\S<sS\ss*s*s*i*iS'*'*)*¦'s'*•*'<*'* *,
Many Male Birds Attend
To the Domestic Duties
The females of most wild creatures attend to the rearing of the young. With some birds the duty of attending to them falls entirely upon the mothers, the males taking no further interest in domestic duties after the eggs are laid. But there is one notable exception, for the whole of the incubation of the eggs and rearing the young falls to the lot of the male red-necked phala-rope, according to Oliver G. Pike, F. Z. S., in London Tit-Bits magazine.
The males of wartyers and finches and most birds of prey do their shore of feeding the young, and they take turns on the eggs. In the past the handsome mallard drake deserted his mate directly the nest was made, but in recent years there have been many instances of the males remaining with their mates to help look after the young.
FOR SALE—1029 Ford Truck, dump and stake bodies. Apply Elliott. R 2. Shawville, Ph
Strawberries
Everything For
The Builder
to Rot one 9—20.
Phone and make arrangroents to pick your own straw berries and save delivery and picking charges. Please do not bring small children incapable of picking clean.
COTTAGE FOR RENT - Cottage at Sand Bay for rent during July and August, Apply to J. A, ALEXANDER, 30b Bell Street, Ottawa.
V
x
Results cf Shawville High June Examinations, 1839
Sshoo!
GEO. E PALMER,
R. 3, Shawville, Que.
\
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Sash, Doors, Molding,
Ten - Test
%
\
X
Phone 22—14.
Successful, ^Iphabeticelly by per cent
Promoted in Grade 8 Over 90 per cent—Clara Szuntbeiraer. Over 80 per cent—Jessie Armstrong, Grace Fletcher, Cameron Rowat. Over 70 per cent —Eileen Campbell, Urqimrt Campbell, Claire Draper, Cederic Elliott, Mary Griffin, Veronica Griffin. Annie Henderson, Ella Howard, Kingsley Smyth, William Wilson. Over 60 per cent—Nora Corrigan, Clarence Dagg, Gerald *Dagg, William iFarrell, Jean Jvdd, Edith Tugman, Mable Tugman, May bare Walsh, Hilda Young.
60 per cent—Bud Hines, Grace Palmer, Rae Smart.
and promoted on year’s work—Labe) Currie-Mills, El ma Dale. Lois Q urn tty, Margaret Hanna, Jean McDowell, Isabel Smart. (Lila Dagg on trial )
Promoted in Grade 9
. v	A m .. «	»	Over 90 per cent—Phyllis Dab ms.
have been made for this purpose, Over 80 per cent—Lloyd Cone, Myrtle
and here the eggs remain until the Hobin, Gilbert Kilgour. Over 70 per frogs appear. With most species the cent-Joho Brough, Alwyn Dale, Nor-young go through several stages, ma Dale, Ronald Dean, Anna Griffin, appearing first as tadpoles, but with Clifford Hahn, Laura Harris, Ray Darwin’s frog the babies, when Hobin, Keith Hodgins, Cheslyn Horner, ready, hop out of their parent s Eleanor Horner, I va Howard, Marshall
— r Laugh ren, Donald McDowell, Lome Storey, Helen Walsh, Percy Way, Catherine Woodley. Over 60 per cent. —Evelyn Armstrong, Ola Rretzlaff, Marilyn Carson, Genevieve Crawford, Grant Eades, Lorna Hodgins, Marion Lester. Dora Mayhew, Orma Smiley, Joyce Young. Over 60 per cent— Rebecca Hobbs, John Knox. Sick, absent for examinations, promoted on year’s work—Hildred Hanna, Velma Hodgins. Five not promoted.
First Football Game
Of the first football game played in America, there is no record There is, however, record of the first intercollegiate football game in this country. This was ployed between Rutgers and Princeton, at New Brunswick, N. J., November 13, 1869. Rutgers won 6 goals to Princeton’s 4. A return match was asked for by Princeton and the second game was played on November 20, Princeton winning this time with a score of 6 to 0. Earliest American football rules were patterned after soccer. \
a

Hon. Adeiard Godbout Former Premier of Quebec Speaks at Campbell # Bay
Delco Plante
Johnston Motors,
X
X
X
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
X
X
\
( From Ottawa Citizen)
X
g
Quebec is facing bankruptcy. The Dupleasia government has plunged the province in to much debt in its three years’ ad minis (ration that financiers of all countries are refusing to lend money, Hon. Adelard Godbont. Quebec Liberal leader and former premier, said last Thursday evening, addressing a large gathering at the town hall, Campbell a Hay.
¦pm	700 electors of the
town and district filled the hall and loud speakers were installed outside for the oveiflow..
The former premier was accompanied by E. C. Lawn, M L A. for Pontiac; Alphonse Fournier, M.P.
W. R. MacDonald, M.P.
§
SMITH BROS.
S
Over
X
In other branches of nature there are remarkable instances of the males taking over the whole of the domestic duties. In Chile, a creature known as Darwin’s frog takes charge of the eggs directly they are laid by the female. He transfers them to a pouch in his gullet, a special cavity which appears to
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Phone 25
X
X
Absent for examinât ions
X
Goats Liked Coffee •
There are 140 references to gouts in the Bible. Legend has it that the goat was the discoverer of the stimulating properties of the coffee bean. An Arabian herder noticed one afternoon that the members of his flock were unusually playful after having nibbled at the berries of the coffee bush; the fellow investigated, being of an inquiring turn of mind, and thus coffee drinking began. Zoroaster had a kind word for the goat. So did that other able thinker, the Gautama Buddha. So, for that matter, did Confucius.
More than
#
Appreciative
Bristol MunicipallJouncil^desire
to express their thanks and appro
ciation fora grant of $2500.00 from the Quebec Dept, of Hoads, which was secured through thejefforts of Mr. G. A Howard. The grant was for the improvement of the Bristol Norway Bay highway.
To Induct New Ministers at Yarm and Fort Coulonge
The induction services for the Rev. H. G. Steers, the new minister on Yarm Field will be held in the Yarm church on Thursday Afternoon at 2 30 p m. The service will be in charge of Rev. A. P. Menzies of West boro, chairman of the Ottawa Presbytery, assisted by Rev. A. E Alp, of Chaliuers, church, Ottawa, Rev. K. Woodwork of Aylmer church, and Rev. G. D. Campbell, of Cumberland, Ont, secretary of the Presbytery, and ministers of the district.
On Thursday evening at 7 30 p.m. the same ministers will induct Rev L. O. Brent, into the pastorate of Fort Coulonge church,
for Hull
for Pontiac, and Alexis Caron, former M L A. for Hull county
Oscar La flam me, president of the Pontiac Liberal Association, introduced the speakers and welcomed the victors.
Mr. Godbout said Quebec’s debt doubled in the past three years. Before that time Quebec bonds could be floated two or three points higher than those of Ontario.
1 am positive if an election would be announced shortly that the population of my province will refuse to support a government which has brought bankruptcy. In 1930, the Liberal government was supposed to be composed of a group of robbers or bandits but where are these who
sed to have been arriéré are tho scandal*
Cassowary Grotesque Bird
If the ostrich is one of the most grotesque and ungainly of birds, his near relative, the cassowary, which roams over New Guinea, runs him a close second. In the Tamrau mountains, says Collier’s Weekly, this huge flightless bird occurs in a dwarf form about three and one-half feet tall and is covered with long, hairlike feathers. On the end of a scraggy, partly naked and brightly colored neck there is a silly-looking head composed of huge bill and eyes, horny rooster’s comb and not much else. The natives raise young
Horatio A. Cahill
The funeral of the late Horatio
A. Cahill, well-known resident of Scientists tell us that many years brand Calumet Island,. was held qgo a pigmy race spread all over on Monday rooming, from the late Europe. They were credited with residence of the deceased to St. supernatural powers, and it is from Anne s R .church, Calumet Is- them that we get our belief in
msm mm
tery.	i	exist. Years ago the late Sir Ar-
Horn’73 years ago ou Calumet lhur Conan Doyle submitted to the Island,"the hte Mr. Cahill had world photographs and facts about spent most of his life there.	fairies. In spite of this, most peo-
ple are still skeptical. It is not only in places like the wilds of Eire, the mountains of Wales and on the Cornish coasts that people believe in the existence of these little people. There is in Kent a Fairy Investigation society, to which belong scores of rational members, all sure that the “little people" are still to be
Belief In Fairies
CARD OF THANKS
Alexander William Campbell Dies After Lengthy Illness
Mrs. S. C. McDowell and daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. D. O Gorman, wish to th ink their many ones that they find in the jungle friends for kindness shown them in «md are devoted to them.
:
were suppo
? $¦¦¦¦
which the present administration
was supposed to reveal.
“In 1U3Ü the debt of the province was 140,000,000 Since then it has increased to $350,000,000 officially, but I believe that .it Is more. While the debt has been increased, taxes have also been higher. While the Liberal party was in power in Quebec, Rt. Hon. R. B
Be n ïWttÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊKtÊÊfÊÊÊÊtfÊÊi
only province with sound finances
In conclusion he said Pontiac county had been badly treated by the present regime and voiced the hope that electors Will continue to support Mr. Lawn who was one of the most experienced men in the Quebec Legislature."
Welcoming Mr. Godbout, Mr. Lawn said the Union Nationale government has neglected his riding regarding education, rond and grAnts to farmers. He also referred to high electricity rates in in the district. He charged neglect of roads of the the county stopped tourists from coming to Pontiac, lie also said that there was a need for bridges to Allumette and Calumet Islands and said if the Liberal party was returned to power he would see that these projects were investigated.
Mr. Fourniei spoke of the lack of co operation between the provincial and federal authorities He mentioned the amounts being spent by the federal government for youth training and pensions and said that larger amounts would be granted if the Quebec government more.
In his speech, Mr. MacDonald, M.P., said he had accompanied Mr. Godbont on his tour in the district mid had noticed electors have no confidence in the Duplessis regime"
Alexander William Campbell, a well-known and life-long resident of Clarendon township, parsed away at the home of his brother, John Campbell, of Charter!*, Que , on Thursday, June 29th. He had been in failing health for the past nine years and for the last eight months had been quite ill.
Born 50 years ago, lie w as the son of Mr. and Mrs. Norman Campbell, of Clarendon. Twenty-four years ago lie was united in marriage to Miss Lucy Pitt.
Left to mourn, besides his wife and aged parents are, three daughter*, (Ola) Mrs. Clarence Richard, of Murrells, and the Misses
their great lows of a kind husband and a loving father.
St. Andrew s and Knox Hold Joint W A. Meeting
The June meeting of St. Andrew’s and Knox Women's Association was held on Thursday evening, June 29th, at the home of Mis.
James McMillan/ with ten bers present.
Mrs. H J. Young had charge of the.devotional period. HymiqNo 193 w as sung and scripture read
EïHsHSrHïInX TAS £ tTySLM:
tour sons, William, oi Shawville;' Knox section wa* disputed foi the thal il 18 the only Steal waterway Clayton, Ervine and Versel at evening of July 18th	of the nation that flows from east
home ; two sisters, Mrs. Thomas Next meeting to be held at the t0 west. It courses southward Sullivan, of Pennant, Sask , and |)0nle Qf Mrs. Thus. Graham jn through the state of Washington, Mrs. Hollis Barber, ot Shawville ; Ju|y,	then swings sharply to the left and
five brothers. John, of Charter is ; The meeting was brought to a flows westward for more than 300 George and b red, ot Shawville ; close and refreshments served by miles to the ocean. In 1803, when Norman, of South Dakota, U. the hostess and a social hour i Thomas Jefferson sent Lewis and and Russel, of Aultsville, Out., enjoyed by all.	Clark to claim the great river for
and three grandchildren.	. —-------^	¦	the United States, he knew of it
mainly as the stream that flowed
Gordon T. Pau I east and west. All the other im*****	; portant American rivers—the Mis-
I II Q II D A hi 0 C	sissippi, the Hudson, the Colorado,
IliOVllMIlUL	the Tennessee — flow principally
porth and south.
Work Slothing
stated Quebec was the
mem found.

Flows From East to West
A feature of the Columbia river
Extra Hard Wearing Work Boots, full grain
$2.95
vc
son
Stella and Jessie, of Shawville :
>
\<
leather, now at
\ X
Work Shirts, in blue Chambray, ' which you will find very satisfactory 75o
5
The funeral, largely attended, was held from tfhe home of his brother, John Campbell, to the Standard Church at Charteria, where service was conducted by Rev. W. G. Burtch, the pastor, who was assisted by Rev. George JÏ Deans, of Shawville Penteeosta! Church. Two beautiful selections were sung by Evangelists, the Misses Dafoe and Stevenson.
The remains were laid to rest in the McDowell cemetery, the pallbearers being, Messrs. Robert Km merson, Win. Tubman, William Roberts, George Coles, Clifford McLarnon and William Smith.
Among the beautiful floral tri butes were a pillow from the family and sprays from * relatives and friends.
Overalls, good quality
$1.50
V
blue denim
Grey Drill
Work Trousers
Well made and roomy Special at
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Hot Baths in Jamaica
At Bath, in the parish of St. Thomas in Jamaica, the waters of the spring are the hottest in the island, with a temperature at the fountain head of 126 to 128 degrees Fahrenheit. These waters are sulphuric and are beneficial in gout, rheumatism, skin affections and fevers. They lose about nine degrees of heat in transit to the baths themselves.
Straw Hate,
bargain at..
15c
$1.50
would cooperate
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
SHAWVILLE - QUE
t i

