###PAGE###1###
T

#1 50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State»
j
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY*, NOVEMBER hi. 10JM»
No 22, »7th Year
GEORGES CARON IGOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Wanted — Good, sound Blrcb Will pay cash on f»kid way.
Hodhins Lvmiikk Vo.	Chamberlain Young
Bazaah-—Tho Annual Kazani of Mr, find Mrs. Q. C Chamberlin,
St. Paul « Congregation i* to be u| Poltlmore. Quebec, announce held on Friday, December ilfl* tbr engagement of their daughter, Particular* later.	Bertha Belle, to Gilbert Lloyd, —
Mrs Stinson, hairdresser* of non of Mrs. Edna Young and the Renfrew, will be at the home of late W. J. O. Young, of Maryland, Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong on Thurs- Quebec. Marriage will take place day afternoon of this week, 10th shortly, lost. Phone 23 lor appointments.	_	?	—
Food SALK-The Ladies’ Guild shawvllle Women • Institute
of Parkman Church, will held a	----
«ale of food and fancy work at the ghawville Womens Institute
Howard Drug Store on	mqt at the home of Mrs L. H.
afternoon. Nov. 18th, commencing	ou Monday evening,
at three o’clock.	with the President, Mrs. W. V. L.
DANCE- Shawvllle O.Y.B. will Corrigan, in the chair, hold a mixed dance in the Theatre The meeting ofiened by repeat Hall, Shawville, on Friday night, i„g ju unison the Institute creed.
Nov. 17th. Good orchestra. Ad* Minutes of last meeting were mission, gents, 35 cts ; ladies, 2» read by the Secretary, Mrs A ct§.; 60 eta. per couple.	Diafier, and wer e approved as
NOTH K-You are cordially vited to attend the Holiness Lon vention which will be held in the Standard church in the Village of Beachburg, from Nov. 15 to U.
Free meals will be served in the basement, so come along. Kev. h H. Thompson will be ill charge throughout. Hkv. S S Lindsay,
I Pastor.
Bristol Busy Bees Institute: will meet at the home of Mrs. K.w.
Wilson, on Friday, November 1 .Mi.
Program—Paper on and National
ENGAGEMENT
logs
». A.. ». C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At CempbeTs Bay
Shawville Hardware
I
Friday, Saturday and Monday
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Tills old reliable school lift-* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontn ri<>. Attend n school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Barn Equipment
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer! Bailiff SuperlorCourt
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Stable Brooms,
Stable Shovels,
Ensilage Forks,
Manure Forks,
Straw Forks,
Cow Chains,
Chain Slides,
Curry Combs, Horse Blankets.
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.D.C.M.
W. £. COWUMC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Teacher of Piano, Theory of Music and Harmony
1 wish to inform the public that 1 will beat Mrs. Lindsay Armstrongs residence, Main Street, Shawville, on Tuesday of each week
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A., LL.L.
ADVOCATE, AFFIITIP. ttc.
1&9 Main St., Hull,Que*
AtPontiacHouse, Shawville, every
Wednesday afternoon.
AI Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell* • Bey, every Wednesday morping.
'J
rea
An interesting report of the County Convention at Pine Lodge was read. •
Mr. R P Eades spoke on behalf of the Shawville Council, with regard to the forming of a Red Cross Unit in this village. Rev. T. E. R. Nurse, gave a very interest in g and appropriate nddre*» on “Building for the future '.
Roll Call was answered by naming famous Women in the Old Testament.
The hostess was assisted by Mrs. R. A. Hudgins.
Phone 22—14
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
H A RL AND 0. ROWAT
RUVTMU 63SI
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGlI jUnlveraity
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
OKFICR — In lhe G. F. Hodgin# Build i Main Street, Que.
at 300 pm
Canadhinization	.
Events by Mrs Arthur Hod gins. Roll call - Repeat Hrnt verse of Flanders Field In unison.
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgein Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
I
C. G. I. T . Concert Enjoyed
The C G. I. T of Shawville United Church held a concert on BH I I.	Tlmrndny evening last, in the Sun-
Representatives of the Canadian day School room of the Church
Red Cross Society will be in which was very much enjoyed by Shawville on Friday afternoon ot all those attending, this week to address a meeting tn The program, under the able connection with the organization direction of Miss Edna Curran,
of Red Cross Unite in this district, consisted of many items of interest	Sharpe-Palmer
The meeting,, which is sponsored including recitation», solos, tub- a quiet but pietty xvedding by the Clarendon and Shawyilh lean, a short play and several hu* g0icmnized at the home of the Council Board», will likely be held morons dialogues. The interims- bvilleri parents, Yarn), Que., in the Theatre Hall, and a good 9ions were filled in with instru- Saturday afternoon, November attendance is reouested. * Other mental selections by V ictovia 0|t|, at three o'clock, when Evelyn Council and School Boards, church Swartz, Messrs. Lindsay Judd and h,ll(Jyf daughter of Mr. and Mrs. and welfare organizations of this George Reid.	Hilliard Palmer, of Varm, became
district aie especially asked to be Of special note was a rooster the bl.ilje 0f El wood Hugh Sharpe, present.	„	u . . drill in which eight children took son of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sharpe,
The Canadian Red Cross Society part, and the dialogues “ A Sud- of Caldwell. Que. Rev., H G is truly national in character. It	den Discovery, “Buying Eggs,	StHer„ 0f	y arm V lifted church
knows no bounds of sex/ race,	“The Minister'* Mistake* and the	0ftieiated.
religion oi colour. The Geneva “Btiginsville Uplift Society* The bride entered the room
Convention, which started the	aroused many hearty laughs from	which wa9	prettily decorated with |	DONAT	L©	GUERRIER
world wide organization, provides	the audience.	pink and white streamers on tiiej	'	***	B	A	..	B
that a national committee must At the close of the program Miss * nn of bpr father to the strains of1 exist to represent it in interna. ; Qrraa Smiley read a short address L,ie wedding march played by Mr. tional relations. Under this Na- - while Miss Chenlyn «orner, pie- b0XXKR\ Sharpe, and looked charm tional committee, the provincial sented Miss Curran with a gift in |nff {n a gown of blue cut velvet divisions, self administrative, appreciation or her untiring efforts witb HCCeS8ories to match, function as a close tie up with the in behalf of the C.G I.Ï. girls.	The bridesmaid. Miss Mona
district committees. The later	— -	—	Hudgins, cousin of the bride, was
are (he clearing houses for the	ga0O6gs/tal Rally of	attired in	a gown of green velvet
local or municipal brandies which	An»noan Young People	with black	accessories,
fulfil an important function in	æL-	Munson Shôrpe, brother of the
organizing volunteer work among	Radford, Shawville, Chartem, groom, acted as best man.
individuals in the community.	Campbell's Bay and Parkman During the signing of the régis
The whole is a democratic union y0ung people were represented on ter, l)ougal Shari>e sang, “I Love based on principles analagous to prjjay evening at the Anglican You Truly . the British- Commonwealth or yoimg People's Hally held at Rad After the ceremony a Nations. The entire organization for(je Gathering in Holy Trinity luncheon was served t»> the imis so constructed that effort rroui	cburcb, et eight o'clocK,	service	mediate friends of the	contracting
every possible quarter is iitilizcd	was conducted by the	Rector,	parties at	the home of	the	bride's
to carry out, in the most efficient	^Ve y. E. R Nurse, who	was as-	parents,
manner, the work of the Red uross.	Hja^d by Messrs. T. Wallace, H.	—? - —
Every opportunity is P™vl“*r{] Wickens and R Jones. Rev. K starke CornePe
vital need.	officiated at the organ The Na- hall, on Thursday, November 2i ,
tional Anthem brought tm service w|tb p> members and «
Remembrance Day Service ton close.	present.	• I I I |
Held In Agricultural Hall	The large gathering of young The president, Mrs. Herb Brown,
—	,	, ,	. people which was well m the vie- wa, in charge, assisted by the
Dae to the extremely cold and imty of a hundred, then assembled hSecretary, Mrs. E. P. Fulford. breezy weather prevailing cm Sat- [n the parish hall. The rector Uf^ A A’ Smart had charge of urday. the Remembrance Day ser- greeted the young people to the the devotional period which open vice was held in the Agricultural parish, and the following address- e(1 with ringing the hymn “He Hall instead of the Memorial l ark, ed the gathering for their respre-1 Leadeth Me.” Mrs. Maggie Wil-The attendance was not as large tive groups :	Miss Mary Brown-	WÊI^Ê
as in past years. As the crowd	lee, for Radford ; Mr. H. Wickens.
assembled tihawville Boys’ Band,	for Shawville ; Mr Norv.il Me-	ture
under the direction of Mr. Finlay-	Neill, for Chartei is ; Mr. R. Jones,	three portions of scrip
son, played lively selections.	for Campbell's By, and Rev. T. Kuhesons 1st ; (Walk
Sponsored by Shawville Wo Ligget, for Parkmkn.	Dt Corinthians Mrs Smart led
men’s Institute, the service wa« Following the period of getting in prayer alter which the business presided over by Rhv^ A. r. Fokes, acquainted, four members of the p;irt of the meeting took pla pastor of the United Cniirch Rev. Shawville branch entered into a The treasurer, Mrs. Harvey T E. R. Nurse, rector of 8t Paul «	debate. Resolved : “Winter sports	Wilson gave a report	of the	proChurch, read the Honor Roll alter	are healthiej than Summer	ceetjg ot- the chicken	supper,	the
which a two-minute silence was	a ports.,' Min.-es Nonna Dale and	nui0iint being $78 00.	It was	de-
obaerved and “Last Post sounded Dorothy Caldwell upheld the af c(ded this association xend an by Mr. F'inlayson. Portions ot	M rum tive, with Geo Reid and	application to become one	of	the
Acripture were read by Rev. J. H.	Lloyd Digg. speaking for the neg	nmts under the workers’ board	of
Pring, recently apixnnted pastor „tive. The judges were the Rev ds tlie Church, to work for the Red of the Standard Church. Stirring K Bolton, T Ligget and I). An- C|.oss Rev. A. F F'okes closed and appropriate «deicesses were drew. Mr Ligget announced the tlie meeting with prayer, delivered by Rev R Bo ton, pas verdict of the judges, who award- Refreshments were served by tor of the Holiness Movement ed the decision to tlie affirmative, the ladies. All members are re Church, and R v. Fr. J. J Stilli- making special mention of Miss (,lle9ted to attend the December van, P.P , of Bristol. Prayers	Dale, /or the manner in which she	meeting for the election of ofli
were offered by Rev’ds Fokes and	delivered her paper and brought	.	-----?-------
Nurse, and the Band led the sing- out her points in tlje debate, ingof three hymns and the Na A short play, entitled. “Pasting tlun tl Anthem	the Bill” was presented by a group
Following the service floral j from Radford. The%e included,
tokens of rememiWMM were plac*
ed on the Cenotaph in the Meinor ini Park by relatives and friends of those who paid the supreme
tiacrifii-e ill the Gr^fit \V«rf 1914 18
Red Cross Representatives
Here Friday Afternoon - 17th
X OSCAR LAFLAMME
BHAIR 3 257
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Omcr. : Campbell^ Bay, Que In Lawn Block)
<
FOOTWEAR
married
(
l -
WHS
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B , C L.
Advocate, Banister etc.
on

I
Extremly Smart
Hull, Que
Main Strekt
Phone, Sber. 1.354

Russian-Type Snow Boots in velvet with wide cuff of sheared fur and a (concealed) zipper down the side. Ladies—See these new overshoes at
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e :ery Friday evening.
These ? new
C*sO*
9)9
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence
$3.50
WILLING
Hide*
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
Ladies’ Motor Boots
buffet MM HAIM STRUT
PHONE, 2-2219
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Jam pbell's Bay Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in
Ladies’ regular styled Motor Boots, black or brown, well furred velvet boots in four sizes of heels. All sizes, but quantity limited at these price».
every
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p in.
D. J. CAMPBELL
$2.25
visitors
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
#
PhoneS I,
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Mens’ Overshoes
Mrs. Leslie Dean and Mrs. Seeil Sly, read portions of scrip ¦ Mrs. Smart s topic was the
ture read — otis 1st and
Graduate of McQil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell> Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
son
t
Mens’ Two Buckle ». Overshoes, well-lined, | warm and durable III
ce

$2.00
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Special
MEDICAL AMT* BUILDING
ONT
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7961
Mens’ andJEcys’ Gum Rubbers, Felt Insoles,
Leather Laces.
vers
Gum Rubber Bottoms,
Campbell s Bay L O B A Elect Officers for 1040
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
All prices subject to change without notice
^	„	Following are the new officers of
Misyps M Brownlee, Robina NVhI- Peace Lodge, L.O B.A., Campbell’* lace. Dora and HildrvcT Hanna. Hay, elected at a meeting bald on A aing song was then enjoyed Thursday evening, Nov 0th : by the gathering with the Rev. I). Worthy vii*tre*s— Mrs. Andrew Andrews an lender, and Mrs. T Flood ; Deputy Mistress — Mm. Ligget at the piano.	Silas * Richard ; Ohiplin—Mrs. A.
Following other games and a (^,|e ; Tlec. Sec.-MM. E Kiuardl; contest, the young people were Fin. Sec.— Miss Irene Gamble; addressed by several of the clergy, Trca<—Miss Mary Burton; FiMt who in the course of their remarks Lecturer-Mi** Florence Ginvelle ; cfMigratnlateri the Radford branch Second Lecturer — Mr Andrew on the great success of the rally Flood ; Director of Ceremonies— The Radford ladies then served Mi** Annie Gamble; Inner Guard-supper, alter which Au Id Lang Mins Mary Burrow* ; Guardian— *vn« and the National Anthem Mis. 8impe »n ; Auditor* — Mrs brought the rally to a close, ' Olive Emard and Rev. L. Emarcf.

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
• Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Annual Meeting of Clarendon Dairy Company
The annual general meeting ot Clarendon Dairy Company will be held at Stark’* Corner* on Monday,
A full
Shawville
Quebec
Nov. 20th, at 800 pm, ¦¦ attendance of director* and r»h«w,e-holders is requested.
TjST l. a: SMART, President.

SHAWVILLE 3- QUE
#
###PAGE###2###
Fashion Flashes
guests? Of course It Is perfectly absurd—"
Dan Dallas unexpectedly took command of the situation. "Not so absurd as It seems, Baum, when they know that you’re Susie’s sou.” One hand was concealed iu his pocket, an l now that pocket showed a menacing bulge. * The time Susie spent In the city when she was young was long enough for her to have a son by some unknown father. It was not hard to discover that that son was still living. and now, of course, grown. That made a workable basis for the theory that Baum and the son were the same person. Then when I discovered Susie was hunting for another treasure of Lyman Fos* dick's, what more natural than that she should enlist her son’s help?”
Fiercely Susie faced Dan Dallas.
"If Nicky is my son, that doesn’t prove he's done anything wrong, does it?" she demanded.
"Nothing except attempting murder in the case of both these young men,” Dallas told her. "Only luck and an unusual scries of events foiled him each time. With the apprenticeship In crime he served In the underworld of an eastern city. It’s hard to say what would have happened if he had succeeded in his plan to become master of this place.”
(To Be Concluded)
JOIN THE
"It DOES tiite good In • pipe!"
HANDY UAUnOHT POUCH
Vi4.8. "LOK-TOP" TIN . «X alto pecked In Pocket Tint

FF
Metallic blouses are particularly good style.
High draped turbans are a feature of the millinery season. They are particularly good in velvet and jersey.
1N



D
STAMP CLUB
Accent on hiplines is expressed in folds and in draped treatments, the drape sometimes carried to the front and giving an Egyptian suggestion.

W V/V'aaa^aaa^i
luavSy^l^
• For ten cento end the label end. showing the teapot trademark, from any packet of SALADA TEA we will send you a Beginner's Outfit of : 1—64 page Stamp Album, t—100 all-different stamps. S-~Sig list of thousands of stamps offered Free in exchange for SALADA labels.
m

iirm

rit
Vrtillettcd mirrors form a brief brassiere and “pockets” on a pale blue taffeta dress. It has a slim and fitted waist, and the hooped hip-line.


m m
will have to be watched as time varies with heat. When the dough has reached about double its bulk, turn out on board and shape Into loaves
bread pans, cover, let rise for about 46 minutes. Bake from 60 to 80 minutes.
CARROT HONEY GRAPEFRUIT
MARMALADE
SALADA STAMP CLUB - 4*1 Kins St. W., Toronto
vwwi
3
T
T
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
A
Place in well greased
A
A cocktail hat is made in a flat little sailor shape of velvet violets in fuchsia shade with back bows and streamers of velvet ribbon in matching shades.
by Ida R. Gleason
© if J6 NEA I
L
B
A Visitor
them to it.”
"Righto,” remarked Pat. "But we were both rather unavoidably detained. Bob, here, tried to get his head bashed in, and I couldn't very well leave, either." His eyes swept the other man's face. "Haven't I met you before. Mr. Baum?” He asked the question abruptly.
The Vengeance of Heaven
"Afraid not. Sorry.” Nick Baum took out a cigaret and offered the package to Pat.
Just then a piercing scream came from the hallway, followed by the crash of a trayful of dishes. Everyone rushed to the door. And there stood Susie in the midst of the broken dishes, the remnants of the lunch she had been carrying scattered about the floor, staring with blanched face at the emaciated figure of Kb. coming from the porch outside. He towered to an uncanny height above her. His hair was matted with mud, as were his clothes, and across his forehead ran a wound which had been dressed with a white bandage, now as soiled and disreputable as the rest of him. His piercing ^res and sharp beaked nose appeared from under this bandage with the suggestion of an avenging fury.
"You — you better he scared. Susie!” He pointed a thin, shaking finger at the cowering woman.. "The vengeance of Heaven is now about to catch up • with you and your wicked ways!”
I
K
L
The clanging of the doorbell interrupted. Susie nervously covered her face with trembling hands. "He said he'd come back and punish me. It’s Lyman Fosdick, I tell you," her voice trailed off into a hoarse whisper. "Lyman Fosdick who's been dead these many years Hannah opened the door, next minute they could hear her exclaiming in surprise. "Mr. Nick! Here, let me take your wet coat. Why you’re soaked through!"
Claire ran to the doo& just as Nick Baum came hurrying toward
s
E
G oranges
6 large canots (crisp )
3 grapefruit
Honey
Extract juice of orange? and grapefruit.
Put in earthenware container and acid the rind* of both which have been run through the food chopper; add the carrots treated in the same manner. Add twice as much water as fruit and carrot and soak over night, in the morning, place on heat. Bring to boil, boiling for one half hour and simmer for two hours. Remove from th* heat, add the juice of 3 lemons and let stand overnight. In the morning, place on heat, simmer for an hour. Then add for every cup of pulp one of sugar. Let simmer until it gives the jelly test. Place m sterile jars, put-tir~ paraffin on top, and store in a coo! dry place.
The same smart girls who wore littl discs of hats down on their eyebrows last year have made the off-face draped turban their preference this season. The formula is velvet in color, and a big bow, chou or other large bunchy drapery at the front of the hat to give it height.
fc.
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
HONEY IN WAR TIME USE IN HOME COOKING
Now, that we are at war, although not on rations, we have been asked to do our part by the conservation of food really nothing new about honey being used as a common sweet for human consumption, in fact it is very old, being used before the introduction cf cane sugar. It is recommended for children and those finding difficulty with diges* The reason for this is that honey is made up of three sugars —le vu lose, dextrose and small
The first
i
The
There is
Furs arc introduced ns trimmings for jackets and coats. One of the most attractive coats is in black woollen, with Persian lamb yoke and upper sections of extremely large sleeves, narrowed in at the wrists. This coat is one of the examples of a definitely swing skirt.

1
her
' Claire, dear, are you all right? What's happened? 1 was delayed in the village, so I decided to come back here for the night. The tree!"
He held both her hands tenderly as she explained, apparently oblivious to anyone else in the room on account liis anxiety foi her. Dallas and Pat had returned from their search, and Pat halted at the doorway at the ardent scene before him. The girl turned, with a 'slight tinge of embarrassment in her manner, and made th* ^ cessa ry introductions.
"I didn't know that you had any company. Via ire have intruded,1*
"It was just that the storm caught me down the road, and I had to
i
§

tion

&


Both afternoon and evening costumes favour back fullness, expressed in peplums of jackets, sometimes in tunic length, in soft ahirrings, and bows bustle themes. Peg-top fullnest is also approved, in dinner and evening gowns, contrasting with slim torso and waistlines.
quantities of sucrose two are classed as invert sugars or predigested sugars is the sweetest sugar so far found in nature and is the predominating sugar of honey. Dextrose i* the predominating sugar in commercial syrups.
Hoi.ey varies in color from light to very dark according to the flowers from which itxis gathered. The color does not affect its food and often n long hipline. One of j value, but the lightest in color the outstanding princess evening gowns combines black net with black velvet, the velvet worked in criss-cross bands, and an impressive evening coat in magenta velvet with small waistline makes a point of massed front fullness.
Levulose
¦
YOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing o stomped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour orohlems.
*
, or I wouldn't Nick said coldly.
Princess lines register strongly, with accent on a small waistline


has a more delicate flavor. Honey may be substituted in recipes for sugar, if a few rules arc kept in mind. Honey is always measured in liquid form and when substituting for every cup of honey used, reduce the liquid called for in the recipe one-fifth. One cup of honey is the same in sweetening power to one cup of sugar. But honey and sugar differ in their chemical composition,—sugar is a straight sweet containing no moisture or acid. Therefore in some recipes such as light cakes, etc., it is best to use equal quantities of sugar and honey; but in dark cakes, muffins or fruit cake, honey gives practically the same taste. Use % teaspoon soda to one cup of honey and be sure and increase the salt % teaspoon. %In recipes where a thickening agent of flour or cornstarch \*s being used, add the honey with this agent.
These recipes have been tried and not found wanting and 1 hope you enjoy them, every one.
turn back for shelter."
"Of course, Nick. I'd have felt badly if you hadn't,” she answered. "Susie can get you something to
eat
CHATTER XII
Claire went to Eh and laid her hand on his arm to attract his attention. He was evidently i:i a half-frenzied condition. ' Kb." she said. "Tel! us where you've be*n. What happened?”
Again the menacing finger pointed accusingly at Susie. "Ask her.” Kb said grimly. "She can tell you how she brought me food down « in that room of Lyman Fosdlck's. But all the time I was tied, hands and feet. All 1 could do was kick against the wall in hope someone would hear me. For a while I thought someone did hear me. but I guess 1 was wrong. If the tree hadn't been struck I'd been there yet. Sawed the ropes off on a bit of sharp stone.”
"Lyman Fosdlck's room!" began Claire. "Kb. was it under the pine tree? Sit down there and tell us.”
"Yes. Where Lyman Fosdick used to keep his blasted jewels,” the old man explained. "I allers said they'd bring him no good, nor Susie either.”
All eyes turned to Susie, but she only tossed her head. ' He's out of his mind. I've said so before and now you can see for your selves. He—”
Kb's cracked voice rose almost to a scream as he sprang to his feet. "Then ask him!” He pointed at Nick Baum. "Ask him what's between him and this wicked sister o' mine!”
Susie Shrank back. "No. It ain't so! Nicky never had nothing to do with it. I was the one wanted to find the jewel. I—”
"But he's the man who pushed me down tho mine shaft,” broke In Tat. "When he offered to light my cigarct just now, l notice*" the little finger of his hand is cut off at the second joint. And the guy who fought with me in the tunnel was shy a Joint of one of his little fingers.”
CUTS
As though glad to escape, the housekeeper started for the door. Dan Dallas went after wood, but when Hannah would have followed, Claire motioned her to a chair near the window felt it would be easier to play the role of hostess if Hannah s substantial strength was near, could not forget at once that scene between Nick and Susie which she had witnessed from the stair window.
The draped skirt is the big fashion news of the winter, in peg-top, polonaise, harem, pinafore and apron drapery with accent always on small waistlines. Long sleeves high necklines, buttons and jewelled ornaments arc good.
Somehow she
Connie Maidwell stood over George Thorvald’s bedside eight weeks, living, speaking, playing the role of the woman Thorvald thought he had killed. Then Thorvald reamed
CLOGGING
She
DIRT
Fashion Find
FOR SCHOOL OR BUSINESS
She was wondering about it now as she turned back to him and said lightly
come here on account of accident, Nick. Mr. Magan and Mr. Steele were going along the road in their car the night I came and heard me almost wreck myself against a log that was across the road turned back and brought me here.”
"And of course stayed on. How could any man tear himself away, Claire?” smiled Nick Baum easily. "I'm only Jealous I didn't b*at
consciousness. Connie found she had played the part too well. But there the story scarcely begins. Read
gait
And
All our friends seem to
tust use Gillette Pure Flake J Lye regularly . . . and you’ll keep sink drains clean and running freely. It will not harm enamel or plumbing. Banishes unpleasant odors as it cleans.
Gillett’s Lye makes light work of dozens of hard cleaning tasks ... saves you hours of drudgery. Keep a tin always on hand !
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
They
COMING SOON!
/a
SANDWICH FILLINGS
Combine honey with cieam cheese, whichever kind you prefer, to a good consistency for spreading cheese with a few chopped nuts it is a delicious spread.
Blanched almonds, chopped very fine, mixed * ith candied ginger, a little grated citron peel and mayonnaise is also very appetiz-
Wartime Paris Fashion Show
B
Added to cottage
m
FREE BOOKLET — The GUktfe Lye Booklet telle how this powerful
GET THIS
BARGAIN
TODAY!

2938
Featured Are Dark ,Colors, Simple Lines and Little Trimming
Parisian dressmakers have declared war on war and the first wartime models have gone on parade in grey and gold salons thronged with spectators.
The opening was the first concrete result of the dressmakers’ efforts to combat war conditions that threatened to destroy their business and crush their initiative. It was the Molyneux collection of 40 new models.
A practical note was sounded all throughout in dark colors restrained lines and scarcity of trimmings. Tailored-suits shown were sturdy tweeds, brown or grey mixtures with sweaters slightly brighter in contrasting colors.
Military-Styled Coats
Military-styled coats were on the fitted lines trimmed with brass buttons and shown in R A. F. Blue.” a new navy shade loose tweed coats were fur lined and went with matching suits or skirts. Full circular skirts with the swing lines featured length Just covering the knee. Air raid ensembles were launched In black with pajamas of wool. These were accompanied by colore ' hoods and sashes, some of a new bright blue called “Alerte,” (the French word for air raid warning).
For restaurant and dinner wear black dresses In ciepe or wool, a few spangle embroidered, were all shown in subdued effect with the loose fur-lined coats.
Wool hostess gowns also were featured In grey or black, cat on narrow fit ted lines down front to the ankles
perform* doeene of task*. Send for ¦ free copy to Standard Brand* Ltd.. A*t. and Liberty Street
1
SIZE'S 12 TO *0
H/
mg
!
!
HONEY WHOLE WHEAT
BREAD
i/ia
s
1 cake yeast
1 cup scalded milk (cooled)
5 tablespoons lion ,y 1 cup lukewarm water 4 tablespoons melted butter 4 cups whole wheat flour
1	cup sifted bread flour
2	teaspoons salt •
Dissolve yeast In lukewarm liquid, then add honey, shortening and milk. Add the flour and salt gradually, until dough can be handled easily. It requires a proper kneading but dcugh must be kept soft. Cove; and set where it is warm for about two hours. This


<S©S
ASPIRIN at less than ONE cent a tablet!


*
Hi
\
No peint now in taking (hantes with strong drugs... Safest fast pain relief featured by Can dian druggists everywhere.
metion of the lye i tee If heats the water
100 tablets 98<
Suspicion Of Fear
For a moment Nick Baum's handsome face held a suspicion of fear. Thon he turned to Claire. “Is this the way you usually treat your

No reason now why anyone should run the risk of taking dangerous, strong drugs for colds, headaches and muscu-
>
By Louise Lennox
A new two-piece frock certainly peps up your wardrobe, especially when it is as attractive as this one. A flared skirt of plaid or plain fool is topped by a smartly designed jacket blouse. A grand dress for classroom or office activities. Velveteen is a smart complement to a woollen skirt as is wool flannel. A matching or contrasting^ collar adds a soft finish to the neckline.
Style No. 2938 id designed for sizes 12, 14, 16,. 36, 38 and 40. Size 16 requires 2 yards of 39 inch material for the blouse with collar; 2*4 yards r.e 39 inch material for the skirt. •
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state size you wish.
X

Some
WAKE UP SINGING!
lr/1 lar pains and ) IrV f aches. Get Aspirin, rated by physi-
^|/HENyouawak- I
dragged out” feel- \ ing, lake a famous doctor’s prescrip- j lion. Dr. Pierre’s Golden Medical Dis- | covcry, to help the i «•lorna-h d:£< st nour- L ishing food that I builds up and in- I
vigor#;*, the body. W. J. Winrger.lrn. 467 M*l* Si. V\, Hamilton, Ont.. #*y*t *T bed mo appetite, rotld hardly #l*ep. end w*e the morning then the night before. I bed bo-
clans the safest fast relief you can use, at any druggist's today — in the 100 tablet bottle for l:ss than 11 a tablet ! But remember, get Aspirin. Even used frequently, Aspirin does not harm the heart. Aspirin is made in Canada and is the trademark of The Bayer Co., Ltd.

i
m
FOR
<b
X


FINER-FLAVORED BREAD
THAT’S BETTER A
FOR YOB




1

Be sun it's ASPIRIN!
tired le
<4
: #
t. After using Dr. Pierre*# Coldr# Medic# I Dime every 1 fell lib* retire. gi.ned In weight, bed my old-time
Cel
t-ia end felt
Note this cross carefully. If the word "Bayer” is not
•lamped on every tablet, it’s not Aspirin. Don't let anybody tell you it
0
buttoned all
*
¦treoftk, end fell ** *....I a* ever bef
Dr. fi-rce'e Golden >l«dic«l Discovery f

Glycerine has very many uses which range from children’s cough medicines to the most deadly high explosives.

Issue No. 45 — '39

»-

B


###PAGE###3###
t
Abitibi Area
Growing Fast
Canadian Hog Quality Better
Here’s The Latest Addition To The Canadian Navy
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
mi •	^ÊBÊÊÈ
wtmb ¦

1




PARADE
: vi-f
Mmt



S ?,

The quality of Canadian hogs, as Indicated by grading results, has been steadily Improving evft since the Inauguration of the National Bacon Hog Poll y Instituted by the Dominion Department of Agriculture In 1922 and this I improvement has rapidly Increased within the past few years through the greater stability given the Canadian hog Industry by the establishment of the bacon quota with Great Britain. This Is shown by a comparison of the years 1934 and 1938. In 1934 there were 3,025.161 hogs all graded, of which 19.1 per cent, of them were selects; In 1938 the number of hogs graded was 6*940,-161, showing the percentage of selects at the Increased figure of 29.6. These figures refer to live gradings, and the smaller number of hogs shown for 1938 Is due to the fact that 1,306,324 hogs were graded as carcasses In that year.
An important factor In hog improvement has been the carcass grading service, inaugurated In the year 1934 as exemplified by the accelerated Increase In desirable grades made during the past year, when this system of grading reached considerable proportions. *
One of the greatest difficulties In selecting suitable bacon for export has been the large proportion of hogs marketed at undesirable weights, but even this situation Is Improving under the Increased popularity of carcass grading.




â
of 125,000 In Population Expected by 1941
her



¦ .




V

War
*****

T» W
j

>N- 4
For whatever reasons—religious, political or commonsense— the people cf Quebec voted to turn Premier Maurice Duplessis out of office, the icsultfc of the recent provincial elections were undeniably gratifying to Federal Liberal leaders. And whether or not Duplessis* defeat on October 26 could be interpreted as a sweeping victory for Quebec par-1 ticipationists, the position of the Dominion Government taken with respect to the war in Europe was immediately strengthened. That day saw Canada present * united front along with the other countries of the Empire. And from that moment on, we were in the war In earnest.
Abitibi district In Northwestera Quebec will show a population la-crease of more than 125,000 wb the decennial census is taken la 1941. A. J. Pelletier, head of the Bureau of Statistics census branch, estimates. Population of the district In the 1931 census was only 23,000, but there have been greet strides In mining since.
Get Ready For Ceneue
Preparatory work for the Doml Ion census Is going ahead in spite of the war and it Is expected that once again In 1941 the populatloe of Canada will be counted.
New questions will be asked la the next census. To be dropped are the questions "Can you read" and "Can you write." In their place will be the record of the years' schooling of each individual. There will be new questions to determine cupational trends and one regarding receipt of relief.
i


"SUB" SOLUTION
If rain didn’t return water taken from oceans by evaporation, science reports, they would dry up in 3,000 years, is the solution to the submarine problem.—Guelph Mercury.
DEATH AND TAXES
They're called death duties in Britain, succession duties in Ontario, and inheritance taxes in the States. But under any other name they'd smell just as badly to the heirs.—Toronto Star.

‘i

¦ÜM
BS9MB


m
Here, at lash
The lalerv addition to his majesty’s Royal Canadian Navy, H.M.8. Kem* penfeldt, been renamed Assiniboine and passed to the control of the Canadian government. The flotilla leader is 326 feet long with a displacement of 1,390 tons and a speed of 35 Vj knots.
Women Becoming Motor Mechanics
O
NTARIO
UTOOORS
Ontario Cities Have Large Classes In Technical Work
TRAINED YOUNG PEOPLE WANTED
Again the trained mechanic is .coming into his own. Canadian in-dustiy needs him; and industry realizes the folly of not training more young men in the trades during the hard years.—Globe and Mail.
By VIC BAKER
DUCK DATA!
The vote in the United States Senate, 67-22, in favcr of repealing the arms embargo clause of the Neutrality Act pointed to early assent by Congress to President Roosevelt’s bill. The adoption of the revised Act, with its "cash-and-carry” clauses, will .be of indirect but vastly important aid tt the Allies; thence may bring the United States a step nearer to participation in the war.
Twice a week 34 Toronto girls forget their business careers, and climb Into overalls or smocks and delve Into the mysteries of spark plugs and carburetors.
They are learning About cars from the Inside out In a course of motor mechanics so they will be prepared If they are needej to drive ambulances or take men’s places In mechanical Jobs during the war.
Now that shotgun shooters in Ontario and the rest of Canada are blazing away at those fast flying ducks, a word or two «on what has helped to increase the flocks these last few years would not be entirely out of place.
The answer lies in two directions: the establishment of refuges and the curtailment of shooting through regulation. Howard Zahniser, of the United States Bureau of Biological Survey, is inclined to place the enforcement of
regulations above sanctuaries.	. ___
This, from one of the United | MICKIE SAYS—
States recognized waterfowl experts, has real significance in view of the demand forwarded by some duck hunters that greater liberties be taken with regulations as there arc again enough duck* to warrant increased shooting.
an
Mushroom Harvest
PRESERVE THE ELK
All honor to Canada for what she has done to preserve the Elk fiom extermination! slaughter nearly wiped them oet as it did the buffalo. How many would be left in a few years if the average hunter were let loose to do his will?—Our Dumb Animals,
The unusually high temperatures of the first 10 days of October accompanied by heavy raina have been a combination of conditions that have produced a big crop of field mushrooms in Ontario.
Many people, especially those living in the country districts, have been able to obtain this food delicacy in quantity. Members of the Sarnia Indian Reserve band have been selling mushrooms from door-to-door.
Reckless
Cars From Inside Out
Of the situation on the West- Kor »>* months the girls ern Front, John O'Donnell of the teachers.
"New York Daily News” wrote:	clerks and all with jobs
“The war is a washout—figura- | 8<,eml three hours or two nights a lively and actually.” Heavy rains, I week at the northern vocational alternating with sleet and snow, school. Ordinarily women are ex-mad. the lines a mass of mud, and eluded from the motor mechanics' military operations on both sides claS8 at the '«rational school and
were again almost at a standstill. I aPP»cants have been tew In past
years. But when feminine demands
for instruction became numerous
G. E. Mahn warn put In charge of a
class for women. The class was
originally planned for 20 and now
has 34 students.
A similar class for women mechanics has been organized in the Ottawa Technical School.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll chool stenographers, store

will
SAVE THE BEES
The position of Canadian apiarists, due to the sugar shortage, is one that demands the attention of governmental authorities. Scores of bee keepers throughout On- , tario are worried as winter approaches because they require large quantities of white cane sugar to carry their bees through the winter and early spring. The bee keepers are likelv to see many of their hives ruined, unless sufficient cane sugar is made available before it is too late, ener Record.
ADVERTISING AlkIT NO ; HOCUS POCUS MAGIC* rdf JEST FIRST CLASS SAl£SMAMSHlP*TEU,IM' {
All ner customers At tm' same time / ]
On the political front, biggest news of the war’s eighth week came when Benito Mussolini sensationally dismissed seven of his pro-German Cabinet Ministers, the secretary of the Fascist party anu the chief of staff of the Ital-Î—l army. Before the full effect of this shake-up on his former Axis-partner Hitler could be praised, the world turned in watchful waiting to the sessions of Russia's Supreme Soviet from which a. declaration of the U S. S.R.’s foreign policy wa. to come forth, clarifying Germany’s position, whether of strength of of weakness in the war. puzzling questions were expected to be answered: how far Russo-German co-operation extended in the economic, diplomatic, military fields; what Russia's new policy meant as regards the Baltic republics, and the war in general.
BEE HIVE
Ducks Produce Duck#
In answer to the hunters’ plea of increased flocks, Zahnisei admits more ducks wing north now than a few years ago, but points out that there are still fewer waterfowl than 10 years ago, and there were not many then. Over 4,000,000 acres of waterfowl refuges have been acquired by the Survey during the last four years. This should be increased by at least 7,600,000 acres, Zahniser avers, to achieve the minimum requirement for waterfowl.
Only ducks can produce ducks, so the greatest credit must go to the reduced kill of recent years. If the presence cf live ducks on the refuges provided is to be insured, hunting must be kept within safe limits. Because the flocks are increasing does not mean that the waterfowl question is solved. If for two seasons* the guns claim more than the annual increase, we will be right back where we started!
/i£SS%\
#
))
.11
\
\
Kitch-
dl
ap-
FaUed To Win Seat
Figuring Out The Dairy Bull’# Value
Many a valuable dairy bull ha? been butchered before any one knew his worth. Cases are on record where a bull’s daughter# have developed into wonderful cows after their young sire has been consigned to the shambles. The point is: If we have a well-bred bull, and we think enough of him to use him in our herd, why not keep him fong enough to determine his value as a sire. We don’t stand much of a chance of gain by discarding him and taking on another untried sire. You cannot tell for sure whether a dairy bull is a great sire until he is about seven years old. Figure it out for yourself.
#
o

.


Many

#
flip
l

I



i
ter.



In the Far Fast, all eyes were on India. Native leaders there (Nehru and Gandhi in particular) felt it unjust that India should be called upon to fight for democracy in Europe while being denied independence themselves. Mahatma Gandhi's National Congress Party which controls eight provincial governments in British India threatened resignation of all its Cabinets. This would force the Government to call apon leaders of the opposition to form governments, while Gandhi followers, retaining a majority in the Legislatures, could vote down the new Cabinets one after another. A civil disobedience campaign, inaugurated again in India, would be as serious a threat to the British Empire's existence as Adolf Hitler's war machine.
xy v>
i
Quality Of Wheat Inferior In 1939

• see
9
Say Oil Supply Is Ample Here



Western Crop Not Up To Standard of Recent Years, Report States
All
Canada’s Requirements Can Be Met Inside The Country — Turner Valley Deposits Some of World’s Biggest
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
Paul Gouin, son of a former Premier of Juebec province, and leader of the Action Liberale Nationale party went down to defeat in the recent elections. His party failed to secure a single seat in the Legislative Assembly.
will-YUM.
A report on the quality of Western Canada's 1939 wheat crop, issued at Winnipeg by the Board of Grain Commissioners, Indicates the top three grades of prairie wheat, although of good milling and baking quality, do not attain the high standards set in recent years.
The report said a large proportion of the crop weighs 62 to 65 pounds a bushel, and protein content, index to milling quality, averages 14.2 per cent. The protein content is 4 per cent, above the final value recorded for last year's prairie yield.
Flour yield and loaf volume in Nos. 1 and 2 Northern and No. 1 Hard wheat are a little lower this year. Analysists also report that the gluten In No. 1 Hard and No.
1 Northern, though considered very good, is less elastic and extensible than usual.
%

muDâ
22
new
%
25
S
S



>
4%
All Canada's oil requirements could be supplied by her own oil fields, according to Col. Nelson Spencer, Vancouver business man and director of the Home Oil Co. at Turner Valley, Alta. Col. Spencer was recently Interviewed in Montreal.
‘'Distribution is the main problem," he. declared, ment is Interested, especially since , the high exchange rates with the United States came into force after the start of the war. Pipelines have been discussed, but the people In the West feel that a reduction in railway haulage rates would solve the problem. Pipeline construction is a very expensive and long business."	%
mi
/
«
%
Y our Book Shelves Can Be Decorative
* e
rv

k.
Books functioning as daily companions rather than as the furnishing of dignified libraries bring into use new and decorative pieces of furniture. Book shelves are ingeniously fitted into odd corners and Incorporated into all kinds of furniture. They are found over the heads, at the ends of couches, in alcoves by the side of a desk or in the fireplace c Book shelves seem to trfke up less room when built In, but movable furniture containing books, from the old-fashioned secretary desk to the contemporary combination radio cabinet and bookcase, makes for variety In the arrangement of furnishings. Spaces for a few books are provided in many small stands designed to be placed by the side of a bed or easy chair. Small wall shelves made in a less literate age to display brie a brae, are often adapted to hold a row of especially choice volumes.
"The Govern-
How Daylight Saving Began

fa»

•u
•••
*•11

Hi i
%
SilJ

• «

i
As A War Measure “Summer Time” Came Into Force In Britain In 1917
rc


'K
*1
r.
ft:
Va

v
t
# t
X
/
Distribution Is Big Problem Prospects at the present time. Colonel Spencer continued, pointed to the Turner Valley being one of the biggest oil deposits in the world. The present wells were producing a limited supply of 26,000 barrels of high grade oil a day, but that could easily be stepped up to 60,000. *
With wells which are being drilled to the north, production would be greatly increased. These should be producing early next year.
/ •/
A great many things have been ^blamed on war, but those who are opposed to daylight saving time believe that Is the greatest piece of confusion left In the wake of the last Great War. Daylight saving time was adopted In Britain during the last war, in the spring, summer and early autumn months. In an effort to save fuel ordinarily used In heating or lighting. The encyclopaedia Britannica says that "In the second year of the Great War nearly every country In Europe adopted the device of putting the clock forward one hour during the spring and summer and autumn months. The motfve was to get the people to bed an hour earlier and out of bed an hour earlier, to save fuel for lighting and heating.”
The first suggestion of a daylight saving scheme was made In England In 1907 by William Willett. In 1908 a bill was Introduced into the British House of Commons bgt It was not adopted until 1916 when the British Government I* set up a committee to study ways and means to save fuel.
The Unltêd States adopted day- I light saving time In 1918 but It was I repealed In 1919 because of consid j erable opposition. The move was I •adopted In Canada in 1924 but was I later left with each mnnlcIpRlkjf I
is •

....
***!!%»:,. ,
. '



, *
l
4
aur. X)
Publisher Dies
• *

Joseph Moore, publisher of the Georgetown Herald for many years, died at h.a heme in Georgetown, Ont., last week. He is survived by his wife and one daughter, Mrs. R. Douglas Toronto.
1 . *
Z I



i

(PM!»
“Our club would be a good influence on him .... after he paid his dues he wouldn't have any money left te ran around with girls.*
I
REG’LAR FELLERS-Well, Pleasant Dreams!
By J. MILLAR WATT

NO OTHER ANIMAL IN THE WOILD
you KNOW, A BEAR CRAWLS IN AN OLE LOG
WITHOUT WAGIN'
MOM COULÙN WAKE ME. UP THIS MORNIN' AT ALL/SHE SAID , I SLEEP LIKE A
BEAR/
5 ANN Y CL AU4
DOES THE SAME
SUMHE*f
\
f
&
AN'
v


\


/
I
z
n:

/
i
/


4
• #


o
y
x
&
:
Z

z

A

7

/ z
z /////s/'*
Yi / zZyZi/jyj1
"//''•yvY
.' '/
%
%
/
V

V •
###PAGE###4###

S
#
i
'this Council approve n( the further ex pHinliturv of $2602 5ft on the McKee Wei rat end road.—Carried.
| Motion—On If and Beattie—That tl Council mpiest* the Dept, of Honda to accept for maintenance the McKee • I Weirstewd nmd from No 5 Highway to tl sixth ramr*\ UaitsadL Motion— FitZMinaiON and Mender <on—That the collection roll a* prepsr- j jd, lx.* accepted and homologated.— Carried.	I
Motion—Henderson and Orr, that the | following road lists lie accepted and that j I the ratepayer* receive credit on their • taxes for same. Lists No» I, 2, 3, ft, !), 13, 20, 21 and 2?»
On motion of Cr. Ik attic the meeting tdjourned
THE EQUITY
I
HODGKINS
GARAGE
IIS
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 16, 1939
Quebec Cabinet Ministers Sworn In
Quebec’* 20th Cabinet since Con fed-ration the 14man Liberal Ministry •I | Vernier A delard ( iodbout—-took the tti • last Wednesday, Nov ^ b, t the Législative Buildings.
For two boon before the ceremony,
; «resided over by Lieutenant Governor
L Patenaiidc and held in the Legit •live Council Chamber where sits Car. *da # oldest parliamentary body, the
!, province had no govern* I
FEEDS
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
We have a carload of Blatchord's Feeds arrive
to
Friday, November 17th
PRICES
H. I. Smith, Sec-Treat
Id \
HI’Ht.	#
Kut tfc- resignation of Premier Mau* i« v Uoplesals and bit t’nioo Nationale1 nt, which was defeated Octo- j n the provincial general election, ret until the new Premier1

(2.45 per 100 lbs.
Pig Starter,....
XL Hog Grower,............
41 p.c. Hog Concentrate 17 p.c. Egg Mash 36 p.c. Egg Concentrate 24 p.c. Dairy Meal.......
"V
• •#•••• ##*###*# *###
Many Diseases Carried
From Animals to Man
$2.25 “	“
4 4
•overrun* *-r 2*

Just to Remind You . .
$3.45 “ “ $2.75 “ “
„*,1 h,.' ' ,|ie.guee took over.	Animals are carriers of certain
The t rowing ire the member» of the diseases which can be transmitted 'ubinet announced, the const it Henries to man despite the zoological gap heV represent and their occupations :	between him and the animals in his
Premier Minister ..f Agriculture and immediate environment. Typhus, ioloniziti’jn Adelard Oodbout, l Met, tor example, broke out in Poland 2ricultiiri.it	among Jewish exiles from Germa-
'llxi'li And Public Works—T. D. ny, writes William Wolf in the Sci-Imichsrd, St. Hyacinthe, jour.«list.	«“*?« American. Tularemia or rab-
Provincial Treasurer—/. A Mathew- bit fever, cases showed a sharp in-Montreal-Notre Daine de Grace, crease in the United States in 1938
Rocky Mountain spotted fever, hav-
Att orney General- Wilfrid Okouard, j"* journeyed across the nation to
llnda and forests. Game and Fisher-	in the Middle Atlantic states
—H K Cote, Bonaventur... lawyer. f,nd caused a number of fatalities^ l.ibor. Mmes - Edgar llocliette, More alarming was an epidemic of
o~h. a.......
"Minister? without portfolio - Leon ^cted rats and squirrels.
Kmuouraska Riviere du Loup, These, plus endemic outbreaks of Cleopba Bistien, Burt hier, rabies, held the public’s interest;
Frank L Connors, but other diseases carried by aniL j. mais and acquired by man are far George* more common anti cause greater
health and economic concern. It is

é«
• • •
$3.90 “ “ $2.35 “ “
41
It’s lime to give your car a complete check-up and put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation
during cooler days ahead.
Don’t wait until trouble catches up with you..get your car ready for winter now. Change Oil and Grease. Check Battery. Tune-up Motor. Put in Anti freeze. Let us prepare your car for trouble-free winter driving now
44
\
We will allow 5 cte. per bag off these prices for all goods taken at the car.
W,
Car of Corn to arrive soon. Ask far Prices
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU

,a*grun
;
outrance broker Mont real-St. Ann, druggist Phisdeî, Mxakinonge, farmer
in, Argenteuil, lund n m	.	. 4 AAA
tViif/id Hamel, St Suiveur, account- estimated, for example, that 16.000, nt	<>00 persons in this country are in
Miniiiter of Agriculture in the cabinet fected with trichinos's alone ,f ex Premier L, A Twbereau, th- means that one out of every eight is
a victim of this disease caused by


J. L. HOÜGIN8
LONDON
PARIS
ROME
BERLIN

'A
i
I
%
Phone 64 J,
Z
a
This

lz»"lzty.*yylziziZ!ztzi/vi^fZ'ziziziz;xi/izt>v|/i^!-^W'z,ziz z

of O Lnut a parasite found in pork-s, Ht a tiger-
mg average which gives the United
T 1) It,„ichard wm H-.hm leader »f Stales the highest incic'ence among the Liberal, ainoe lUSfi. The portfolio ! all nations. Bovmc tuberculosis a:«d ,o held under TAscbereait-portfolio of undulant fever are among the otter Municipal Affairs - treat to ( '-car ! important ammal-conveyed d>>-
iïÆ'üïï a awxe X“ ^
j>uplvHsi.i.	------------
The new administration followed tra-	, ,	.	M .
ditlin in appointment of a Provincial Man in the Iron Mask Treasurer, a pout long regarded a* re Nerved for an English-speaking member
t
I
non
DALE’S TINSHOP
The Capitals of Europe at Your Finger-Tips
With this amazing: new
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
k 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
Still Puzzles Frenchman
On the island of Ste. Marguerite, near Cannes on the French Riviera lives a great legend. Here it was that during the reigri of Louis XIV, in this rock-bound monastery, rising out of the sea. o%e of the strangest mysteries of French history was 2 lived out for 40 years by the “man in the iron mask,” whose tragic identity still is unknown.
t
Bristol Council
Maryland, Que., Nov. lOtl», 103V
1 îegnlar nefwinri of the Municipal Council of the Township of Bristol wss üeld on the above date Mayor Me Lei Ian and Councillor Duff,
/itziiminons, Henderson and McNeill.
The minutes of last regular meeting 4 ere read and on motion of Fitzsimmons <v Henderson were adopted.
Hiram Latham apj»eared and com plained about the condition of the townline fence opposite his property. It vos agreed that the Secretary Treasurer look up the records and gatherjnforma*
*ion regarding same.
Os. Beattie and Orr took their seats.
Motion
hat this Council adiourn for one hour.
After adjoumarnent meeting resumed •vith same membra present.
Motion—Orr and Beattie—That road division No. 3f> receive an additional grant of jtf-YOO to gravel Tmld # hill.—
Carried, with Cr. McNeill dissenting.
Letters were read from A. Arbic. das A. Little and Henry Tubman.
Motion—Beattie and I >nff That the following hills be approved and paid j Minutes of Council Ons 4T. A. Hare, transportation on


I I
BATTERY RADIO
World Wide Push Button Tuning
¦ Findlay Furnaces
BM Insures Tour Heating []¦ Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
Present

Treated with royal honor, in so 'ar as his physical care was concerned, his face hidden behind a fitted iron mask that was never lifted, as a prisoner all those years this unknown man kept his lonely vigil of the sea until at last death set him free and he was taken to his grave Historians have never found the answer. Some have surmised that it was twin brother to the king that it was Fouquet . a royal betrayer . . self-imposed penance one knows. And mystery lovers go to Ste. Marguerite to wander through the apartments of the strange Unknown, and are fascinat'd by the tragic loneliness of his

History making broadcast* — DIRKCT from lui rope, nt the touch of a button tuning. This amazing new Westinghouse gives automatic tuning of SlloRTWAvF as well ns >tmidard broadcasts, w ith all the latest 1910 ad vane cment*
richest compact c.ibrnet it's ever been our
while piiiiUt stock lasts
No guessing, no waiting, no
encased in I lie

smartest,
pleasure to offer. Bjiy non ....at this sensational low price
l
DALE’S TINSHOP
I
Fitzsimmons and I>uff —
Shawville Quebec
ALSO. Phonograph Pic^-up, Automatic Tone Compensation Automatic Volume Control and all nqw 1940 features
While they last
. that it was that it was a . . But no
i

$74.50
ESTABLISHED 1883
Buy now before prices advance
ate
Ask To See This Amazing Achievement
For Yourself
INVALID
COACH
low North
8 10 00 !
^ ^ i	November 6, 1939
77 63 Present :	Daniel Farrell, pro-Mayor
15 m and Councillors Anr.itage and Martin 2 00 eau.
i oo	_
15 00 and not aqiinrum, it was moved by Crs.
Arm it age and Martineau, that this 30 00 meeting adjourn until December 4th, 1939, at one o'clock in the afternoon.— 4 98 Carried.
compressor . . . ........
Mrs. S Woods, gravel ....
K. McKee, gravel............
f. .J. Sharjie, sharpening steel
f*. Monies, gravel..........
Caldwell, 20 yds of gravel.. u	valuving sheep.. .
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Wilmer H. Hodg-ins
Directors of Funeral Service
i
The prescribed time having elapsed
Quebec
Shawville,
7. H Beattie, plank .......
1). Bunge, use of fire fighting
equipment ..............
K. A. Hritchaid, supplies to
Mrs. Oeo. Elliott.......
E. A. Pritchard, spikes etc. for
townline ...............
J. It Corrigan, 92 yds of gravel
M. Stewart, 40 yds loam....
L R. Keoo, supplies........
T P. Mousseau, cedars ......
Geo, A. Bussell, cedars....
J. H. McKillop, cedars, etc . .
Imperial Oil Co, road oil ....
Rev. A. Russell, 30 yds gravel
fi. Pirie, 8 yds of gravel.
J. M Argue, square*........
Pat. Murdock, 30 yds of gravel J. McCauley, labor or
P. Elliott, labor on road..
ft. J. Ireland, labor of road . .
H. Tubman, 1 sheep killed by
dogs ...................
TL W. EmmerHon, val» sheep C. Mayhew, 1 Iamb killed, dogs Stanton, valueing lamb .
Mm. P. Dnmaa, lamb killed ..__
T. J. Kearns, hauling gravel. •"	49 60
Grant to road div. No 36....	00 60 fH*™l,on’ troAd !*)
ftobt. Basset t, service re. dog	P. J>0 Ham, two lists
........................ to 00 ! A. Meredith, list ......
Labor on Bristol-South Onslow 142 80 B. Stanton, list ...... ....
Aim that a bill from J Miller be held & M.rt'neuu, l,et ...
iJfer .	r. Clark, list .........
Motion by Fitzsimmons and McNeill ^r***L* Pontiac, I. d calls
STSStEB ,, i %
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20-18
Phone 80
Andrew Farrell.
SecTrea*
21 27
J. U. Riviere as the Secretary Treasurer of this municipality, be it resolved that j the Mayor he authorized to sign release ' and that the bill of same be paid amount- i Province of Quebec, ing to 8.50—Carried.	%cbool Municipality of OJarendon
Motion — Mnldoon and Westbrook,
NOTICE
9 20
4 00

South Onslow Council
40 31 5 00 3 00 G 70 39 58 3 00
Beattie’s Eye Service
Quyon, Que.; Nov. 6, 1930 A regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the Township of Onslow, South, was held on the above date, at the usual place of meeting
Ambrose Kennedy, mayor, and Councillors Fraser, Muldoon, Smiley Westbrook and Clarke.
On motion of Crs Smiley and Mul-
wKÊÊÊÊ^M P***	llViii.K Non* t is hereby gn, n to
that Milton Hamilton be granted $50. proprietors of real estate and resiJ-to be *###% graul'ingftth concession.— j ent householders of this School Munici-
Carried.	.	1 pality, that owing to the heavy demands
Motion —- Crs. Clarke and Smiley, j on ^e School Treasury all Sch that John Biehler he instructed to build j |n arrears of two years or over must be a culvert at Hector BronsonV gate.-- paid into the Treasurer’» office by Dec-Carried.	. ember 1st, 1939. If after tbit date
Harry Tomlinson appeared complain- there are still such arrears outstanding ing about a portion of road and it was |t ho found necetsary to hand same resolved that Allan Meredith be noli- the proper authorities for collection, fied by Cr. Frasei of this complaint.— Given at Shawville, Que., this third
Carried.	,X | day of November, 1939.
Motion- Crs. Muldoon and Smiley,
That Austin Clarke and Ambrose Ken nedy interview Dr. Hudson and if necessary 8te Marie re. compensation papers of Terrence M*#kg m —Carried Mot ton—Cm Muldoon that Crs. Westbrook and Fraser have the Moaty Hill repaired —Carried. . 4 A petition was presented asking the Council to impose a dog tag No
#
M em hers
80
243 65 PreHent
ool Taxes
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone rad Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects '
.1 00 8 88
2 67 Idnno, the minutes of last meeting were i confirmed as read.
« c; On motion of Crs Westbrook and 1 Qo Fraser, tho following bills were ordered
4 67 naid. viz
1 50 : J. Biehler. road list ...
V. Me Bane, road list ...
E. A. Pritchard, auppîie»
road
# 37 40 8 00
13	93
14	00 69 00 52 76 60 20 88 80
III 26
J. A. DEAN
Secretary-Treasurer
M. J

5 00
No Trespassing
and Clarke,
Being Lots 11 and 12, on the 12th Range of the Township of Clarendon, | 150 acres i* all. fairly well improved, 70 acres in bush. For farther particulars apply to
l 29
action taken by Council.
On motion Cr. Westbrook the Coun
cil then adjourned.
T.T. BEATTIE. ProfcifttoaalO pt em et t at
KATHLEEN M ROLLIN3 Profewai
(HAS WORKMAN,
Charter!*, Que
Jos. A. Stkklk Sec -Treas
i

###PAGE###5###

/
Service Announcement
6 bah vu is Unitku Cmubcm
Riv A. F. Fokzk B. A, B.D. Pa mot
Sunday, November 10 11.00 a m.—Service at Shaw ville.
IJD I* ri. Servi at Zion
3.00 p m. •Service at Stark » Corners
Sermon subject by IWor
“Spiritual Rheumatism. ‘
Evangelistic service Jat Sliawville.
Song service and sermon by Pastor on “Who Cannot lx* Saved !"
The Equity
« « « * « «.v - • « *
The Little Red Hen Saves !
Smart New Color
4Ü»4 «->*vJ 5 v’®iW' •*K ^	' *•&
$
Schemes for Every Home
established 18*3
PUBLISHED EVERY THVB.1DAT AT
SHAWVILl.e, QUEBEC
“Learning by experience is a good way to learn, but it's mighty slow if you insist upon learning only by your own experience/
r
annual subscription
Anywhere in 0a inula .. $1.50 To United State*
Read the experience of Mr, Fred Ross with
2.0<»
Are you looking forward to the pleasant prospect of furnishing a now home in the near future, or are you merely faced by that oft-recurring problem of injecting new life into a home that is uo longer new ?
The long winter months are approaching when the home is used more than any time of the year. You will find that a few dollars spent in making your home more attractive now will pay glorious dividends o
pleasure throughout the year.
#
Let us demonstrate to you the fundamental rules of decoration practice, especially as applied to the simplest of all home-beatitifying—investing in the appropriate
patterns of “Congoleum Gold Seal Rugs and Floor
-
Covering”.
7.30 p. m
Free Choice Laying Mash
All arrears must be paid In full before auy paper di*r unUnatd
W. O.COWAN. PUBLISHER
Dear Sirs :
We have 274 pullets in laying quarters and we are getting 80 per cent production. Today we gathered 221 eggs.
We are certainly well pleased with the results we are getting with Free Choice Laying Mash.
FRED ROSS, Cobden, Ont
Bristol United Church
C. ArmsTrono-Salk-*, B. I). Sunday, November 10
Hog* For Service
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, trom prize winning stock. Service fee, *1.00.
St. Andre* * Sunday School 10.00 ft. m. St. Andrews, Service. .1
Knox.
. 11.00 a. m.
# # *
Apply to
Sunday School 2.00 p. m. Service	3.00 p. m.
Austin, Service	7.30 p.m
“The Quest of Ood
ANGLICAN Sr.) Paul1»
Sunday, November 19 ,
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity^
Î00 p.m —Evening Prayer
St. Like*
y	Service withdrawn
Parish op North Clarendon Rev. K. C Bolton in charge
Sunday, November 10 Thorne Centre, Holy Communion, 10.30 Greer mount, Evening Prayer, 2 30 Chatteris, Evening Prayer, 7.00
Wilséer H. HoDUINV
It. It No. 1, Shawviliv
&#
f
New Reg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog for service. Fee 11.00. Apply to
M ANSON McCAGG R 2, Shawville, Que.
Purebred Yorkshire Hog, select type. Service fee, #1.00. Apply to
W. 8. KNOX, McKee, Que.
Why not use this excellent^ Feed and share in the profit
Ottawa Valley Crain Products
Natural Pearls Cannot
•Be Duplicated by Man
Dr. A. E. Alexander of the Mellon Institute has been * studying pearls chemically and physically only to reach the conclusion that nature's product has not yet been exactly duplicated by men. Cultured or artificial pearls, fine as they are, bear no more relation to nature’s than gold-filled jewelry bears to the solid gold article.	>
As nearly everybody now knows, u real pearl forms in an oyster around a grain of sand. Layer on layer of “nacre" is deposited. The color is always that of the shell liniçg.
Chemical analysis shows that a pearl is almost all calcium carbonate, which is formed around a delicate, lacy framework of organic matter (conchiolin) much as enamel is formed around the dentine of teeth. The difference between natural and cultured or artificial pearly seems to be not so much chemical us physical.
Dr. Alexander bases his conclusion that natural pearls have not yet been successfully duplicated on some fairly new tests. One of these was devised by Chilovsky and Perrin. They found that light, totally reflected within the natural pearl, produces a characteristic flash. There is no such flash within the cultured pearl.
Magnetic tests have been deviseo by Richard Nacken. These also differentiate between natural and artificial and cultured pearls.
Simplest and oldest of all -scientific tests is that for specific gravity. Cultured pearls have a specific gravity of 2.760; natural pé&rls of 2 685. The test has its limitations.
Commonest of all tests is that of the X-ray. A natural pearl will scatter X-rays uniformly and form a 6 or a 12-fold "spot" pattern, which is really that of aragonite in the pearl. A cultured pearl gives a maltese cross or something that suggests it.
"Where Trading is a Pleasure"
Ontario
For Your Bedroom
Beautiful New Designs in Dressers. Chiffuners, Vanity»,
Wardrobes, Chairs, Simmons Beds and Mattresses.
Mattresses from $5.95 and up
See Our Special Spring Filled Mattress
The Koyal Spring Filled Mattress....
Renfrew,
Sold in your district by
Emmerson Cotie, Shawville, Que. G-. H. Bolton, Bristol, Que.
$14.50
$15.75
#••••••
Poultry Wanted
Shawville Egg and Poultry As eocuxtion will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each week until 4.00 p ro. For further particulars apply to
Phone, 9-d
On Display for Thè Christmas Trade
New Living Room Furniture
Studios,
PRINTING
B. T. STARK,
Manager.
3
Photographs of the children become increasingly precious with passing years. They, ton, in later years, wilt appreciate the record of their childhood. The appropriate gift. Christinas special — two extra photos with each dozen
H. Imisons Photo Studio
End Tables,
Chesterfield Suites,
Radio Tables, etc.
This Christmas buy her a genuine Nab-Oo
Cedar Chest.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Unemployment and Education Only one out of every hundred ir employed peri uns is a college graduate ; almost half never got be frond grade school. In a représentait group of 4,003 Minnesota and Wisconsin jobless, 1,921 had never ,;orte beyond eighth grade. Of these, 40 per cent were classified as common labor,' based on last previous employment, 35 per cent as skilled labor, and 25 per cent as office and executive workers. The 658 high school graduates revealed almost identical ratios : 37 per cent had last been employed as common labor, 38 per cent at skilled occupations, and 25 per cent as office and executive employees.
f
Everything for the home on display in our Furniture Parlors, second floor, which is open for your inspection at any time.


Envelopes, Invoices
Letterheads
Billheads

if
f
1
Grocery Specials
Statements Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
l
59 cts
per pound
Pontiac Special Black Tea,
Coffee Beans, Freshly Ground.
Newport Fluffs with tumbler...
Newport Fluffs with bowl.....
Pound Bar Soap, three bars for............
Still a few pounds of Green Tea left at the old price, three pounds for...................
35
« à
• 4
f
25
• •
39
i 4

Hippocampus Is Queer
Personality of the Seas
19
e #
Perhaps in no other animal have been packed so many anomalies as in Hippocampus, popularly known as the seahorse, a systematic study of which recently has.,been completed by the United States bureau of fisheries. This queer personality has the head of a Lilliputian horse, a prehensile tail, plate-like scales like those of the sturgeon and a pouch like the kangaroo’s, creature also reverses the ordinary way of nature in that "child bearing’1 is exclusively a function of the male, says Nature Magazine.
The seahorse is almost world wide in its distribution ir. warm ocean waters where there are growths of sea vegetation. Although they have provided the models for some of the nightmare monsters of the human imagination, they are smell, feeble and almost defenseless. iLc head I Christmas Photos — The Perfect is unquestionably similar to that ! Gift There’s no gift quite so personal of a miniature horse in general out-and friendly as your photograph, be- line. The neck, however, is no neck cauwHt’ayou. Two extra photos with at all. What looks like a neck is each dozen.	'fr "	the forward part of its body. Its
H. Imison’s Photo Studio shell-like covering left early naturalists in doûbt as to whether it was not some monstrous sort of a gHH 1 Save Cost	bug, but it is a true fish. Its weight
Blmlnate your “B" Battery b? installing and its single 'fin leave it an in, a new Gen-o motor in your i vlio. These efficient swimmer, and it is able to
^nt "down	o^müon.	**im at all only because of a large
Satisfaction quarauteed. Wind Chargea air bladder so delicately adjusted to a specialty. Apply to Howard Brown, its specific gravity that if a bubble B. 2, Shawville. Phone, 9- 26. g	the size of a pinhead is let out by a
puncture the seahorse sinks to SB bottom. There it moves clumsily about until the wound has healed.
_	¦ .	*	.	. , The greatest anomaly of the
-Met
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Lrb. .the living young Unfertilized eggs 1335 Deioriirfter Avenue	fare laid by the female, who places
Montreal, Quebae them a few at a time into a pouchlike organ on the under side of the
known to biologists they are ferti-
Mrs (Rev.) Geo. R. Horner desires t» incubated in this pouch and remain
es press her heart Ml thanks to many tor some days after they are
friends and neighbours for their kind hatched. Then the living young, fully
dnring the illness and death of her equipped to take care of themselves,
•re expelled.
$1.00
We stock Robin Hood, Harvest Queen, Ivory, Keynote, Royal Household and Glenora
Flour.
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
White for Hospitals?
White is the characteristic color of hospital interiors,* physicians’ examining rooms and biological laboratories Plumbing fixtures, uniforms of nurses coats of doctors— everything is white If the Zeitschrift fuer Aerzlliche Kurtbildung is right white will cease to be the color of medicine and surgery. Why? Because, whatever merits it may have in revealing dirt, white has optical disadvantages It has been definitely proved that doctors, when engaged in performing long operations, | suffer from eye-strain because of ( thvi all-pervading white One Ger- i man hospital has * experimentally i painted its interior grayish blue and is now studying the result.
i
The


i
i

y
MacLean’s
RED & WRITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
¦

% i
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
i
K

Golds..
$2.15 19 cfcs. 45 “ 25 “ 53 “ 27 “ 25 “ 25 “ 25 “ 18 “ 10 “ 33 “ $4.50 $4.00 $3.60
Full-O-Pep, Pattering Feed
Catsup, 26 oz bottle....»».....
G M. Coffee, 1 lb. tin .........
G.M. Coffee. 4 lb. tin ...........
Crown Black Tea, 1 lb pkg

«
Roy 6. Fraser
Break up that cold before it gets you down by using our remedies.
We have a good supply of Cough Syrup, Cough Drops, Aspirin,
Acetophen,
etc.

• •
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
r
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160

J 44	$4
44
44
44
Fine Salt. 14 lb. b:g...............
G.M. Orange Marmalade, per jar Apple & Strawberry Jam Catelli's Cooked Macaroni, large tin G.M. Pumpkin, per tin
Soap Flakes, 6 lb. box..........
Apples, Spy’s No. 1, fcf barrel!
Starks No. 1,| 44 Starks No. 2, 44
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in rite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect. On orders of •6.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
FOR SALE


44	44
Quinninc,


A,
# a?•*••••
• • •

ft
THE CORNER STORE
In some manner on-
OABD OF THANKS
3T1*. M
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
44

44

esse
44

• MAWVILLE.
44

beloved husband.
C

###PAGE###6###



s
knows had charge of the contribution towards the gift, asking this person to (hank the others. 2.— It is an iced or frosen mixture or drink. Pronounce fra-pa, first a as in ask, second a as is pay, accent last syllable. 8.—No. The man is always presented to the woman. One should say, “There is a man I want to introduce to you." 4.—Dip the ends of the fingers, not the entire hand, in the water, then dry them on the napkin in the lap. Do not lift the napkin above the table and use it as a hand towel. 6.—No. Many people today write oil their correspondence on the typewriter, excepting the most formal social notes. 6.—Yes; this is customary.
IS

ell
M. T
how Can I?


• %
a.
¦
ü
L
BV ANNE ASH» EY

â
4
B
• •
!*•
Q.—What is an inexpensive way of serving scrambled vggs?
A—Try usint, three crumbled soda crackers and two tablespoons of milk to each egg. Mix thoroughly, and then scramble in hot butter.
Q.—How can I prevent burning when there is not sufficient batter to fill all the pans, when making muffins?
A.—Fill the empty pans with water. This will not only prevent burning, but the muffins will bake more evenly.
Q.—How can I set colors in cotton goods before washing the first time?


£

V
fi
!
I
%
g
/
/

%
0
liai
•l:

0
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
A Doctor Urges “Eat Fish Raw”
Well-Known Halifax Physician Declares We Lose the Real Good in Fish By Cooking It
Feathered Hats
Quite Popular
O
A.—Soak the goods for twenty minutes in cold water, to which a handful of salt has been added.
Q.—How can I prepare a good skin whitener?
A.—An application of equal parts of rose water and lemon juice acts as a skin whitener.
Q.—How can I prevent articles from going down the furnace register?
"Poultry kept in city and suburban gardens can be fed almost entirely on household waste," said Walter Elliott, British minister of agriculture, in a radio t#lk urging home gardening and a measure of self sufficiency.
H. fl. Atlee. Halifax physician.
Lots of Vitamine •'The trouble with our fish U we cook It," he continued. "NVe should eat It raw. Raw flab and a title bread and butter would give us lots of vitamins. You lose the real good In fish by cooking It.
This province, endowed aa It Is with an abundance of fish and apples, Is capable of produces the I J||£ healthiest race In the world from a I dietetic standpoint."	I §¦!
Feathers, made into colored oak leaves and butterflies in natural colorings develop several small shapes, while a "half hat", to be posed over a veil-draped head, consists of 48 tiny colored birds. Burned goose, ostrich and coq are strongly endorsed. An ostrich model stemming from Victorian inspiration trails more than a yard of tied willow ostrich down the back. Coq feather hat and muff ensembles are observed, while coq and various other types of feathers, including quills, wings and birds accent many of the colored suede hats.
HaveYouHeaid
V
Nova Scotians, Canada's leading fishermen, were given some advice last week on how to eat the commodity of which they are such prolific producers.
Bat it raw," was the counsel gives to members of the Nova Scotia Economics Association by Dr.
An enthusiastic politician was asked by his wife to lay aside politics long enough to dig up the potatoes in the garden.
He consented, and after digging for a few minutes went into the house and said he had found a coin. He washed it, and it proved to be i quarter. He put it in his pocket and went back to work.
Presently he went to the house again and said he had found another coin. He washed the dirt off it and this time it was a fifty-cent piece. He put it in his pocket.
"I have worked pretty hard," ¦aid he to his wife. "I think I'll take a short nap."
When he woke he was not surprised to find that his wife had dug up the rest of the potatoes— and that she had found no coins!
A.
Insert a piece of wire netting inside the register hole, replace the register plate, and it will peex/ent many articles from gonig down the pipe. This is particularly advisable if there are children or babies around the house. Remember, however, that this wire netting should not be of a fine mesh, or it will retard the heat that comes through the pipe and has a tendency to burn out the furnace.
EM* HUT FKITS
• 4
TIPATION
Garfield Tea is not a “cure-all," bet if you want prom pt relief from temporary CONSTIPATION without drastic drugs, try a cup tonight of this fragrant, 10-herb tea. Acts thoroughly end mildly. Plessant to the teste.
2U-IOC mt drugstores.
Large Increase C.N.R. Revenue
Operating expenses increased by $1,162,471. Operating revenues last month were $22,646,303 and operating expenses $16,340.661.
Up for Nine-Month Period
For the nine-months period ending September 30th, there was an Increase In operating revenues of $11,908.503 and an increase In operating expenses of $2.800,895, resulting in an improvement of $9 107,608 over the nine-months period of 1938. For the period up to September 30th this year, operating* revenues amounted to $142,246,937 and operating expenses of $136,693,588. resulting In a net revenue of $6,662,354.
The summaries follow:
What Science
Rise of $3,643,203 Marked for Month of September, 1939
T *
GARFIELD TEA
IS
Canadian National Railway Revenues
For the month of September the Canadian National Railways had a net revenue of $6.304,642, an increase of $3,643.203 over the corresponding month of 1938, according to the monthly statement of the earnings for the all-inclusive system Issued at the railway's headquarters.. Operating revenues showed an Increase of $4,796.674.
Doing
*
*
1 Clowe Ate- Toronto 3, 1
Dept. CIA
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the week ending October 21, 1989, were $5,192,458, as compared with $4,680,298 for the corresponding period of 1988, an increase of $562,155.
HEALING WOUNDS QUICKER
It has been discovered during recent surgery that certain foods containing vitamins and proteins substitute for medicines and drugs.
For several days before and after operations, patients were given diets high in vitamins, proteins and vitamin concentrates.
Abundant production of this "cement" apparently speeded healing of wounds, for in animal tests the walls of wounds lacking the vitamins were only one-third normal strength.
EYE REVEALS DEATH NEAR..
A new photo-electric eye which detects the approach of death in changing color of the skin is reported.
The eye gives warning in time to administer lifesaving oxygen.
The new eye looks virtually into the blood itself. This is done by placing a strong light behind the ear. Some of the rays pass through tissues and blood. The electric eye picks up these rays and detects changes in the blood color too slight for the human eye to see.
LYONS Trade In Department
478 YONGE ST. TORONTO
"Then she isn’t exactly one of the sympathetic sort?"
•aid Smith.
"Sympathetic!"
Brown.
"Why, that woman wasn't born, she was quarried !"
snapped
Month of September
Clearance Sale of Reconditioned Furniture
1938
1939
Increase or
$ 22,645,303 $ 17.849,629 Increase $ 4.795,674 16,340,661	f5,188,190 Increase 1.152,471
Operating Revenues Operating Expenses
Modern E tiquette
4 ? Cf) i-piece Chesterfield suite. A upholstered in blue mohair. Smart 3-plece suite upholstered in durable brown repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
Id Ca Brantford S-piece suite In *-r.uv blue figured velour; perfect
Arriving at a strange hotel, a fussy woman thought she’d better know where the five-escape was. So she started exploring.
During her tour, she opened a door and found herself in a bathroom occupied by an elderly gentleman.
19.50
$ 6,304.642 $ 2,661,439 Increase $ 3.643,203 Aggregate to September 30
$142,245,987 $180,337,434 Increase $11,908,503
135,693,583	132,792,688	Increase	2,800,895
Net Revenue
Operating Revenues Oaerating Expenses
BY ROBERTA LEE
condition. l'y aa Large brown mohair suits.
w figged reversible Marshall spring cushions; perfect condition.
\ ti C a Bedroom suite, walnut fln-âu.vv |,b; dresser, bed, spring and new mattress.
IQ AA Beautiful bedroom suite;
modern vanity -----------
mirror, chiffonier, full sag less spring
49.00 *loor
$ 6.652,354 $ 2,455.254 Improved $ 9.107,608 \	Deficit
Net Revenus
When a bride has received a gift from the office force, consisting of perhaps a hundred em- j ployees, how should she acknowledge it?
2.	—What is a frappe, and how is it pronounced?
3.	—Is it correct to say to fia woman, "There is a man 1 want to introduce you to”?
4.	—What is the correct way to use a finger bowl?
6.—Should one apologize for writing a letter to a friend on the typewriter?
6.—Should a hostess provide new cards for use at a bridge par-
Answers;
1.—Write a personal letter of thanks to -her employer, or the chief clerk, or the person she
1.
"Oh, I’m sorry," she twittered, "I v *s looking for the fire-escape."
1
Venetian size bed,
and new mattress, sample bedroom suits in bleached walnut finish. Reg. $71 value. Dresser, chiffonier and full sise bed.
ft and up. Large assortment of V,:7U dressers and chiffoniers In various finishes.
ntinuing her search, presently she heard the pad of bare feet behind her and a shout made her turn. It was the elderly man, clad in a bath-towel.
"Wait a minute!" he gasped."
. "Where's the fire?"
Hear the WAR NEWS Daily . . .
V u
Direct in English, from Foreign Stations. You can listen in to London, Berlin, Paris and Rome broadcast every day if you
own a 1940
DeForest, Rogers or Majestic Radio
with Short-Wave “Station Expansion”
plus Extra Features of
—Directional Loop Control —Loop Rotating Mechanic;
—Short Wave Aerial —Rotating Shielded Loop

Solid oak dining room suites, buffett. table and • leather upholstered chairs.
74 Sf) Perfectly matched l-piece oak dining room suite, buffett extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
3Q f>z) Beautiful l-plece solid oak J7,w dining., suite, buffet, cabinet. table and S leather seat chairs, perfect condition.
17.50

David loved bread and jelly. His mother usually purchased sliced bread. One day she bought a loaf of unsliced bread. When he saw her apply the butcher knife, he asked: “What's that bread all stuck together for?"
n



f


U 11
II

ty?
It!*
1 .
II
PAIN OF ANGINA RELIEVED
A new method of surgery appearing to give the first "uniformly complete relief" from angina pectoris, which causes pain in the region of the heart, is announced • in the journal of the American Medical Association.
The operation requires an incision in the upper part of the back along the spinal column and cutting the nerves which carry impulses resulting in the painful heart spasm.
70 Of) S-illd walnut dining suite, ^ w completely reflnlshed; buf-china cabinet, extension '?table < leather upholstered chairs. Large assortment of kitchen cabInets, gas stoves, china cabinet», beds, spring, rugs, etc. at ridiculously low prices.

fe
ld
hi
L a*
• #

an
M
The two friends were discussing motoring as they sat in the club. *1 was once buying second-hand car from a garage owner/ said one. "Of course, he praised it up, M I was a novice. But I found a way of discovering absolutely all its faults."
"How?" asked the other.
"Why," went on the first, "I had et on trial, and took it to another car-dealer and asked him to buy it."
in#
RINGS INSTANT IASI


See your local Rogers, DeForest or Majestic Dealer Now For A Demonstration

from
LYONS
FURNITURE CO.
478 YONGE ST. TORONTO
Liberal Allowance On Trade-Ins
nI]
Classified Advertisments
A
B
y
The President of France may not go to the races unaccompanied; he must never appear in public in uniform or send telegrams containing political opinions.
TilL
:ii
ALL VI» HAVIKII
Who remembers way back when
A man in debt got out again?
KAURI KOII SALK
PERSONAL
UniminT
AUK-NTH WANTED Tu REPUES-ent “The Old Reliable Foothill Nurseries.” Exclusive territory In town or country. Liberal term* paid weekly. Handsome free outfits. Slone and Wellington. Toronto.
NINETY ACRES PRODUCTIVE clay loam adjoining village, good building*, spring watered. Two thousand cash, balance 4 per cent. William Pearce. Exeter.
QUIT TOBACCO. 8NUFF, EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett’s, Box 1, Winnipeg.
Where Many Canadians Spend A Pleasant Winter
RADIO SUPPLY, REPAIRS
FARM HELP WANTED
BOOSTER FOR BATTERIES AND Electric Radio. Improve reception ÎU0 per cent., Increase power 1,000 per cent., helps eliminate Interfering stations. Reduce better-
Satisfaction
MEN* AND WOMEN! NEW 1NVEN-tlon sella like wild fire:	Start
business of your own in spare time. Send stamp to Economy Distributing Company, Leamington Ontario.
WANTED — AN EXPERIENCED Poultry man and farm help.
974$. Star, Stanley Street, real.
Box
Mont-
ies' consumption, guaranteed. $1.00 postpaid. Sweeney Radio Booster. Hlghgato Saskatchewan.
FOR * AI ,K

ARE YOU IN MINER Vf
SLICING MACHINES. WAUK-IN Refrigerator*. Frick York and Kelvtnator Ice machines, store safes, scales, counters and Laundry equipment Mr. I«each. A. A P Food Stores. 185 Laughton Ave.. Toronto, Ontario.
SAW MILL WANTED
WHITE OINTMENT
|A
uulck relief from Irritating Piles. Highly recommended. Money hxck If not satisfactory. 76 cents a Jar. White Manufacturing Company/ Box 1 $4. Toronto. Ontario.
FOR HALE, TO CLOfcE ESTATE. Saw Mill, working condition, on main line C. P. Railway. Ndfwooa. Ont Steam power, In ge pond, boiler 76 H,P., engine 16 H.P., extra long carriage. Edger and Blah Saw —- Mrs. Ada Harrison. Havelock, Ontario.
HARDY APPLE TREKS
HOOKA
HARDY APPLE TREES — 60 CT8. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nursery. growing leading varieties Fmlt Trees. Ornamentals. Write
ART. UNUSUAL BOOKS; SEND A d rne for catalogue (refund first order). Roddy’s. S55A Yonge St„ Toronto.
SEWING' MA1HINK» A SUPPLIES
requesting sensation-To be# Teeery, ffla-
PARTS AND REPAIRS. AMI make, write far prices on new or reconditioned machines. 1$ years*
al offerings.
e
„ -	A Gilbert. SIS
Yonge Street. Toronto.
WE ARE IN THE MARKET TO buy bush of any kind. Apply Slater A Company. Waterdown. Ont
MACHINERY
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS— Delta woodworking tools — electric motors. Belting and shon su
rlptlon. The # R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd., 14 Front 8t. W.. Toronto.
kdui:ati4inal
a'
OXFORD DOWN RAMS. ELIGIBLE for Government bonus, correct t y pa, prices right. Edwin Tolton. Walker ton, Ontario.
plies of every d
ITU DENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses In Matriculation. Short Story, Journalism. Advertising. Shorthand and Speech Culture
Writs today. Canadian Corr dence College (established 12* Yonge 8t~ Toronto.
MEDICAL
STOMACH TROU HI .E
A
use of your spare time.

won-
1102),
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE-WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding oi; successful hyblood Pedigreed products

< -MB STOMACH CORRECTIVE gives prompt relief and comfort to amaslngly	sufferers frem Add Indigestion,
treatment. |V Heartburn. Gastritis. Sour Stom-S a * k a too in | ach. etc. A trial will convince you.
Twelve ounce package $160 poet-paid direct from the manufacturer. H. J. Woodley.-P.O. Box *04,



ELECTRIC «HAVER |1J*

THIS IS THE NEW ELECTRIC shaver you've reed about, that kes shaving so very, very easy. Just plug It In and run the shaver over your face. That's all — no swap water, brush or blades. We suggest you try It. Over a million were sold last year. Original nrlce $10. Guaranteed MÜL A
Co. 10 Gatehouse Bldg., Hunt Quebec.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions end full information sent free The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 27*
Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
Scenes likeB‘his are common on Brentwood Bay, near Victoria, B.C., all winter long, with particular emphasis this f Ail and winter when Canadians art keeping Canadian dollars in Canada. Grilse, like the 12 pound-just brought to raff, and salmon in the tidal waters, coupled with keen fly Ashing in “up island" streams eombine to make the west coast a winter fisherman's paradise. Reports flowing into Canadian Pacific offices, §ad reservations at the Empress Hotel, indicate a heavy vacation travel to Victoria this winter.
WATCHER CI.KAXKD OR MAIN-
t-
ork If
t*
1.
Issue No. 45
'39


###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
#
tentative of the United States Bureau of Fisheries,, will take a sort of whale census around the south polar ice cap. The study fill be made to determine what methods of conservation may be necessary to keep the whaling industry from becoming extinct.
America produces 8,600,000 barrels of oil every day.
Whale Census
Huge French Tanks Crush Brick Walls As Though Paper
Sunday
School
Lesson

;
V-#	'
P
f.
If the gentleman who thought washing an elephant was a big
job will come around, Milton Lobe! 1 will tell him a few things. Lo-bell Is going to count whale noses in the Antarctic. Accompanying the Byrd expedition to Antarcti-the 26-year-old University of Washington graduate, as a repre-


*



$
fra*

*

I
. »
, i
caf
$
V


LESSON Vll
*w


#4
By WHIiam Ferguson
PUTTING GOD'S KINGDOM
FIRST
Matthew 6119-34.
This Curious World
m*
JT‘1
CeWem Test—Seek ye first We


Wugdom, mmd kit righteous

ANIMALS OF THE CAT FAMILV
Melt. 6.33.

r-tfwr - T?*" T -	-
-rl, ¦


REASON*/ nr KEEPS THE
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
That.—Spring, A D. 27.
Place.—On some mountain in Palestine, the location of which we io not know.
19. Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon the earth, where noth and rust consume, and where thieves break through and steal: 10. but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth consume, and where thieves do not break through mer steal. The King does not sky that it is wrong to lay up; it is the purpose at the back of things which matters. Christ says we are to remember that we are not the child of today, nor of the earth; we are of the a|aj



n
CLAWS FROM BEING DUL
THE



AND ALSO ALLOWS



ANIMAL TO WALK NOISELES5LV. V



L . .... ^,
mmm
? «

PUT:

-

I: r
K *
4*
«ME*
if

IS




7»
I
mm

ft
I

m
ANIMALS OF THE
t

ri.

'/'• V!
SHEATHE THEIR CLAWS/


f ;
tâ>i
F" SINCE
PREY, AND SEIZE IT IN THEIR. AAOOTHS, NOISELESS FOOTWORK AND SHARP CLAWS ARJE UNNECESSARY.
THEY RUN DOWN THEIR.
&
This News Of the Day.series shows the power of the new French 70-4)0 ton tanks. 1 hvir battering power la terrific and far exceeds anything known m the last war. It plows through brick walls as if they were made of paper mac he, and snaps trees as if they were twigs. It is believed that they will be an important factor on the west front when the fighting gets heavy. At the TOP LEFT, the war monster is being tipped nose up as it encounters a wall, and then, BOTTOM LÉFT, we see it from the rear as it crashes through. On the 101 RIGHT is a head-on view of the tank as It goes through s breach in the wall, and gives an idea of how it must, appear to an unfortunate soldier In its path. On the BOTTOM RIGHT is a side view of the tank in action crashing through the wall.
# »
.
¦Bu. wealth for wealth's sake, because of the influence of that which a man live% for on the man himself. The heart, he says, seals | the fate of the treasure. Life itself may become a victim of mold and rust and thief. We lay up treasures in Heaven when our lives are bearing fruit, spiritually, when we employ in service for the King the spiritual gifts and talents he has intrusted to us.
lamer Illumination -
22. The lamp of the body is the eye* if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. 23. But if thine eye
Igll^BBMBBPMpM
full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkneee, how great is the darkness! The single eye sees everything in proper proportion, related to a whole. Hera the body represents the man himself in the completeness of his personality, and the eye is the outlook on the world and his fellow men. A good eye is the condition of spiritual illumination.
Freedom From Anxiety
24. No man can serve two masters: for either he will bate the one, and love the other; or else he will ho% to one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and Mammon. One cannot obey God when one is enslaved to riches, material possessions. To be Whblly yielded to God is to be the master of all material things. 26. Therefore I say unto you, Be not anxious for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than the food, and the body than the raiment ? Christ is here warning us against having an anxious temper of mind. If we spend all our energy and thought in worrying about what things we are going to eat and wear, we have little time for the inner, precious things that make life really worth living.
26. Behold the birds of the heaven, that they sow not, neither do ' they reap, nor gather into barns; and your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are not ye of much more value than they? 27. And which of you by being anxious can add one cubit unto the measure of his life? Worrying about death does not prolong life.
28.	And why are ye anxious concerning raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin;
29.	yet I ssy unto you, that even * Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. The plant referred to here may be the anemone, which grows in the spring of the year on the hillsides of Galilee. SO. But if God doth •o clothe the grass of tie field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? If God has «pent all this la^or on what passes so soon, hew easy it should be to trust him to care for us with that same wisdom and omnipotence, when we are his children forever.
Live For Today
81. Be not therefore anxious, saying, What shall we eat? or. What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? 32.
Fee after all these things the Gentiles seek; for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have no need of all these things. By Gentiles here, is meant pagan peoples of the world, then and now. 88.
Bat seek ye first him kingdom, and kis righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you.
The first lesson taught by these passages is that anxious thought is
contrary to all the lessons of nature, which show it to be unneces
Iy, tt <s centrary to all
__	of revelation or rah- (
fion, which show ft to be heathen- | kb; thirdly we must have a goal
fa life, a spiritual objective.
>yr/
A
3
The meeting was held to honor Oxford county entrants who won awards in an Ontario home improvement contest baaed on perm- I anent improvements made around 1 rural properties during the year. I The contest was won by Lome I Richardson of Walnut Grove Jer- | sey Farm, Oxford Centre. K. A. | Montelth, of Bmbro placed third, | and Alex. Muir, of Woodstock, was I eighteenth.	j
"I feel that much Improvement I
can be done by promoting improve- I ment about our rural schools,” Mr. I Dewan said. "I believe that the I school is one place to make a be- I ginning that will prove fruitful. |
Various Types Of Handshakes
Would Beautify
Rural Schools
Head AnaJy.t Claims He Can Judge Character By That
Method
A hand analyst of New York, Dr. Josef Ranald by name, says he can Judge characted by a handshake. In hli list of hand grips Is what he calls the leathery or Tartan type. “This fellow/* he mays “will grafb your hand in a first-rate imitation of a vise, and will smile perfectly satisfied when he sees you writhing Inwardly at the strength of his grip/*
“This sledgehammer or bone-crusher type/' the good doctor continues, “represents the domineering, stubborn and Intolerant fellow who will stop at nothing to achieve his end.”
The six remaining classifications according to the doctor are: The clammy type, traced to bad glandular conditions; the nervous, or uncertain (he recommends more exercise); the inept, or negativeout-Ward'expression of a man who cannot make up hie mind about anything; “the grabby or dead fish" which la a red signal that the handshaker is not to be trusted ; th'* passionate .grip with its alternate pressure and release with which a man tries to carry on a flirtation; and the timid.
Ontario Agriculture Minister
PM #	¦	*	m	J «f------
People In Such Projects Would Spread to Their Own



WERE It not for the cat’s ahWty to retract its claws, they soon would be worn down by constant contact with hard ground and atones. Without its sharp, curving claws, a cat would be# unable
uses Its claws only r contact while run-
interest school children in Improvement of houses and lands and the 'Interest will spread to the home Hon. P. M. De wan, Ontario Minister of Agriculture, told the Oxford County Home Improvement Association In a recent address at Woodstock.
to hold prey of any size. A doe, however, for digging, scratching, and posting for heftc ning. Its prey Is heft in the powerful Jews.
y whole body shall be


»
SLEUTH FROM FICTION
HORIZONTAL 1,8 Detective , hero from Action.
15	Opera melody 14 Possessive
pronoun.
16	Fence bar.
17	To let fall.
16 Charming.
20 Plural
pronoun.
22	Type standards.
23	2000 pounds.
24	English coin.
25	Poem.
26	To suffice.
27	Ever.
28	Enemy.
29	Coffin stand.
30	Stripped.
33	Constant companion.
34	Plant shoot.
85 Secreted.
36	Pussy.
37	Whirlwind.
36 Five plus five. 53 StUL
39	Fish org*n.HriHH|
40	Keels over.
41	Exists.
17	He has remarkable powers of
18	Religious homage.
19	Fury.
21 He is the hero
¦isJIIMUA r. 3
iSXia liyiS'ae
*i=*fii* :<iy;*jwn
wisti annulais iflwiti iy ewicjia siafli nu
iHfflWî
lull a iia 2 ii a mi
NOTES
RADIO
I
NEWS
I
AND
tiSMMItillH I
y ni m
Fiyii isiîija
dis SifflllJiS
of a
of

By MADGE ARCHER
tales.
23 Golf device.
25 To lubricate.
27	Sea eagle.
28	Gave food to.
29	To abate.
31	To put on.
32	Wound.
33	Nominal value.
36	Cautious.
37	Upon.
39 Dandy.
5	Note in scale. 40 Vulgar fellow.
6	Point of under 42 Feather, jaw.
7	Relatives.
(01#
“O Canada ”, Brigadier W. W. Foster, and Maurice Olivier will read abort messages of remembrance, after which the guns will signal a two minutes' silence.
Post and the Reveille sounded by trumpeters far above in the gallery of the Peace Tower will end the ceremony. In the evening a special Remembrance program presented in co-operation with the Canadian Legion of the British Empire Service League from Convocation Hall in Toronto will be heard from 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. During this program a special message from Lord Tweeds-muir speaking from Ottawa, will be conveyed to the Canadian peo-
NEIGHBORLY CO-OPERATION An example in International re-that might well be a les-
¦ M>:u «H'tiisw Willi*"
3MTSISUIIX9 WJiM**y
sesisisH ¦ i:i>]ia««mMMifl
lationsHHHlHHHHHHIl
son to some nations in Europe — was a discovery I made the other day while doing some Investigating on programs heard across the border. For In Buffalo I came to a program that might well be called "Hands Across the Border" rather than its present title “International House Party.” I found that while the hour variety show employed the best of American talent, the Canadian touch is supplied with scripts that are written in Montreal, one of the highlights of the program “The Story •Within*, the Song” is the product of a Torontonian, the dramatic feature — a five mlne^jl sketch lar contribution of Walter O’Hearn a Montreal newspaperman, and John Sturgis#, the baritone soloist, is also Toronto's gift. The program can be heard from Buffalo over WGR any Tuesday evening from 9:00 to 10:00 o'clock.
The Last
42 He is a most VERTICAL -------imaginary 2 Concords.
3	Cupid.
4	To tear stitches.
sleuth.
44	M’.oyjh pert.
45	Officers' assistants.
47 12 o'clock
Whey that watery liquid remaining after cheese has been extracted from milk by the cheese industries of the United States amounts to 5,500,000,000 pounds a year—enough to float a goodsized navy'
a.
43	Falsehood.
44	Diving bird. 46 To surfeit.
48	Indian.
49	Preposition.
52	Within.
53	Out of the
49 Dined.
60 Musical note. 51 Explosive.
9 Measure.
10	To loiter.
11	Tone E.
12	To evade. . 15 Hair fillet.
Swept Out Of Office
54,55 He was created by
pie.
Sir
way.
? TO BE HEARD
Nov. 10, 9:00 p.m., CBL, Deer Hunting In Canada special broadcast from MetagamL Lake, Ontario . . . Nor. 11, 10:45 a.m.,' Remem -branco Day from Ottawa ... 2:15 p.m., CBL, Foot half . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, Hockey, Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers ... 10:00 p.m., CBY, NBC, Orch. under Toscanini . . . . Nor. 12. 3:00 p.m., CFRB, N. Y. Philharmonic ... 8:00 p.m., CBL, Rudy Vallee Joins cast of Chase * Sanborn Hour . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, ranadlan Red Cross Appeal . . . . Nor. 13, 8:30 p.m., CBL, Appointment with Agostini . . . 9:00 p.m., CFRB, Radio Theatre ... 10:00 p.m., CBL, Contented Hour . . Nor. 14,	8:30 p.m., CBL, Information
WMpia
Concerts Symphoniques under W1I-9 fred Pelletier .	. Nor. 15, 8:30
p.m., CBL. Serenade for Strings . .
. . 9:30 p.m., Percy Faith and his music . . . Nov. 16, 9:00 p.m., CBY Rochester Phil. Orchestra ... 10 p.m., CBL, Bing Crosby
Is the regu-
"S





%

a

REMEMBRANCE DAY
The Annual Remembrance Day ceremony on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, which will take place in the presence of the Governor General, Lord Tweedamulr, Prime Minister MacKenzie King, Canadian dignitaries of Church and State, the Diplomatic Corps and consular • representatives from many countries, will be broadcast to* the people of the Dominion by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation through their coast to coast network of stations, on Saturday, November 11, from 10:45 to 11:30 a.m. A choir conducted by Cyril Rick-wood wUi open the program with


m
mm





'I




10:00 p.m., CBL, Les
?

Ex-Premier Duplessis of Quebec province whose Union Nationale party went down to defeat !ij the recent elections.
V
By GENE BYRNES
POP—Robin’s Afraid His Pet May Leave Him
r
T
a. «
WHY ARE YOU HOLDING YOUR UTTLE BROTHER
1
50 HE WONT
JOIN THE NAVY /
TIGHT?
!
»
c

1


4
k

(
i
/
/
v
IL.*.
1/
A
I


9
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)
*MMl

V**
I

Treating Fungus Infections
Fungus infections of the skin which produce eruptions resistant to ordinary treatments, of which severe cases of athlete’s foot are typical, have been caused to subside by an electrical treatment devised by Professor Howard W. Haggard and Drs. Maurice J. Strauss and Leon A. Greenberg, of Yale university. These infections are resistant to treatment because the fungi that
cause WÊKtÊÊÊÊItÊttÊtÊÊÊIKÊÊÊÊ
in the skin tissues where fungicides, applied to the skin, cannot reach them. The Yale scientists devise a method of getting copper, as a fungi-cidv, deep into the skin by ion to-phoresis, or transporting it through the tissues by an electric current. Treatment lasted from two weeks to six weeks, and the average number of treatments was six eruptions turn blue, and healing takes place under this surface.
Look Here
/in/ixi/lz;Z:ziz/ / / z /i/

Don’t Let Winter Catch You
Unprepard
Install a New
BEACH RANGE NOW !
For Sa)p, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
FURS
FURS
O
HOOM1RS WANTED — Comforts bk room*
Mrs.
mm
In central part of town. Apply to II a hold Jnnu, Shaw ville, Que.
NOTICE
LOST—Somewhere l»r Shawvllle from Edgar llodglns house to Eadew Store a yellow gold locket with two photos Inside Saturday night, Nov. 11th. Kinder please leave at this office.
them become imbedded deep
1 have made arrangements with a most reliable Fur House, of Ottawa, to handle their
The variety of styles and the
on
D
FOR SALK-One good driving home, rising 5 year*. Apply to L. R. Kkon. McKee, Quebec.
fur coats.
choiceness of qualities in these furs make up a lot which has a garment to suit every taste. To those interested in buying fur coats I
!
to
Here is the new “Beau-chef", an outstanding range, the finest money can buy.
Let Us Fill Your Requirements
1
FOR SALK—Dwelling house and outbuildings with 8 acre* of land, on highway to Norway Bay. close to nvhool and* churches. Apply to Mr*. Edna You*<, Maryland. Que. Phone 8—5 Shaw ville.
O

?
The
would suggest that you get in touch with me by phone, by maili or by coming in the store. Fur Prices are rising rapidly and now is the
WANTED -One good second-hand Drag Saw. Apply to Ai.lkn Woods, Ladysmith, Que.
Insects Have Thousand Eyes
Although we possess only two eyes, each of which coordinates with the other so that we see a single image, our eyes sec with many millions of individual light-catching cells, called rods and cones, states the Better Vision institute. The retina or image screen, of the human aye is made up of approximately 130,000,000 rods and cones, repre-
Wtt/HÊÈÈÊKPKÊÊtM
nerve fibres, or groups of nerves which carry sight messages to the brain. The human eye has only one lens. The common house-fly> however. sees everything as a mosaic,
I FOR SALE - Good Yorkshire Boar, select type. Apply to PKTM 1* Thomi -R2 8. Shaw ville, Que. Phone ti - 2V.
Wilmer H. Hodgins
time to make your buy ! !

SON.
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20-18.
LOST—License Plate No. 57006 C ac«i tall light and bracket. Finder please Icare at this office. Reward offered.
Sincerely,
Ta
4 / X /IX zixx z / x / X / / Z
Xl^Xl/lZ3XlZlz
NORRIS HORNER,
FOR SALE—Gentleman * Otter Ooar in good condition. Sise 42. Apply to Mnx F. H. MvLt.hiAN, Wyman, Qne.
The Et
_	writes i
Ai iiHtrongentei Uioed relobrated their t«\rtieth wedding
mSüSî ses»'
SSsWSgmSSÏ
led by Mrs. H G. Steers And the Unity years, visons M«mt Vbxlgin-* ami Gladys best wishes.
McDowell.
unity, that s
, Mrs. John Foster she mid her husband
For Miss Evelyn Palmer
Miss Ola
the individual sensitive
Shawville, Quebec
FARM WANTED to rent or work on '.hares. With or without stock. Apply to Wil.FRgn ï a n.it pen, Charterl» Que.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling house, on the ihh Line, South of the village limits. Fog further particulars apply to J. C. or W. J. Haykx, Shawrllle.
i

Mr.
Week-Ends in Jail
New Zealand is to adopt the Amer-The Equity extends ican method of punishing intoxicated motorists with jail sentences
Originally
Are You The Man ?
You will make amazing profit* every hour selling 200 guaranteed necessities used in every home. You can hare a solid business established within three months. If you arc tired of working to earn profits for someone else Own Your Business and enjoy all the profits. No Obligation. Get details and cm ta FREE. Be First. F AM ILEX DUCTS. 570 St. Clement. Montreal.
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
served at week-ends, magistrates imposed fines, but when such action did not appear to be meeting the case, terms of imprisonment were'imposed. Ordinarily
Blood Transfusions Age-Old
Blood transfusion is by no means __	a new development in science. Ref-
Thirteen members and two visit :rences to it are found in ancient m w itteuded the monthly meeting Egyptian and Greek writing and it imprisonment, however, meant that ,,f Wyman Women*® Institute is mentioned in the seventh book of ; the offend# f lost pay and possibly which met at the home of Mr®. W. Ovid. Denys, physician to Louis ! his position, which imposed a hard-A Ross.	XIV, is usùally credited with the ship on his wife and children. Un-
The president presided, assisted first successful blood transfusion. ter the American system the offend-by the secretary, Mrs. XV. K. June 15. 1667, when he transferred ,îr js put m prison at the week ends Pritchard, ami the troll call was nine ounces of arterial blood from a ,n|y. answered with a quotation from a sheep to a sufferer from repeated patriotic poem.	bleedings, and both survived. The Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Hodgins and
The questionnaire sent down by operation was unpopular until mod- family desire to thank their many the provincial president wac dis ern science increased its safety, friends aad neighbours fur numerous cussed and certain reconmienda formerly the clotting of blood rc- acts of kindness and expressions of lions made.	suited in fatal results in cne-half sympathy during their recent sad
K's^asi ho.™.	-,hc —'
j the 15th instant, will be accept j 5
ed by the president, the secretary,
and Mrs S. W. MacKcchnie, the

Wyman Women's Institute
X:
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
entertained for their November meeting at the home of Mr* S. E. Chamberlain, Shawville.
Mrs. Harry Hudgins, president and Miss M. Corrigan, secretary, conducted the meeting officer# with Mr>. were chosen . to represent this Institute at the tea at Government
PERSONAL MENTION
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Mr. Ken McLaughlin, of North Bay, visited friends in town for the week end.

Ford Service
These R. H. Elliott,
on
Mrs. D. S plane, of Vein broke, is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Hector Telford, in town.	|	____ I ¦
sairSS,'EFd
Mrs. J, P. Connelly and daughter, Hodgins were appointed delegates Enid, and son, Edgar, visited to the proposed Bed Cross Voit, relatives in Montreal last week. Shawville.
l.“i«ilTng'»tllt,hc|r homVof'lK jnàtnirtive'Hroith Talk in wlii. h
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Pembroke, of nnce of our continued co-copera-Montreal, were week-end guests at tion, if this institution Ts to best the home of Mr. and Mr®. G G serve the needs of the community. McDowell.	After adjournment a social hour
was spent nnd^efreshmente served by the hostess assisted by Mesdames XV. 11. Barr. Henry Horner and E. H. Mee.
Fur Pelts Wanted
eu uy
and Mrs 5. » , Macm-curur. u latter being appointed by ballot.
Items of interest were read by the convener* of committees and wools in the news were ....... There was a c
candy, with recipes, by members.
Those taking part in
programme were Mrs. Roland
Graham. Misses Joy and Mineola Alexander, and Lloyd with Mrs. W. G. Hudson as convener J
Tea _______ . me ..
assisted by Mrs. Geo. Meld runs and Mrs. Hudson.
Eternal City
Home was known ss the Eternal Jity among the ancient Romans, lecause the people thought that no iisplay of naHer what happened m the world, ni<imhpr« 10 matter how many other empires
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
1 wish to Announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of .Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
SOURIS R. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, <jue.
J. P. Wilson
new studied.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
the social night rise and fall, Rome would go
¦MlgggMg In Virgil's Aenerd ipiter tells Venus that lie will go* he Romans an eternal empire.
fo/evei
Hudson,
Phone 43

served by the hostess
en was


net
¦JJ

#
?>



x Mrs. Lindsay Aimstiong and ^ daughter, Mona, were the guests of Mr. and Mr®. Fred Smiley, in Brock ville.
Mr. and Mis. R. S. Hodgins and children have returned to their home in Serna ns, Sask., after a month's visit with relatives in this district.
Mr*. Irwin Smith, who has been visiting her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Belsher, at Yarm, for the past month, left last week for her home in Scmans, Sask.
Rev. Geo. R. Horner Passes After Brief Illness

t
I
as
;x
L

)
V
I
was
The death occurred at his late home, M;iin Street, Shawville, on Wednesday morning, Nov. 9th, ot | Rev Geo. K Horner, in his 82nd
)


M
Pontiac Teachers Meet at Shawville High School
4X
year.
The late Mr. Horner was born in Clarendon Township, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. .James Horner. He spent his youth in this district and early in life was a travelling salesman.
When the .Holiness Movement Church was founded in 1890, bv his brother, the late.Bishop Ralph Horner, he was a devoted supporter and beeime a minister. Divided into two factions in 1910, n branch became, known as the Standard Church of America, and was headed by his brother, under whose guidance he continued preaching. He held charges in Saskatchewan, Manitoba, New York, Pensylvania, and also spent many years in Ontario and Quebec. Retiring two years ago, he returned to his native community and took up residence in Shawville. Although in failing health for some time, Mr Horner had only been confined to Ue bed for two days.
Surviving arc L_
•¦the former Louisa Carman. Cardinal. Ont, one daughter. Mrs. Ira Latighren, of St. Paul, Minn ; one si*ter Mrs J VV. Knox, of Massey, Ont., and two grandchildren. ilia first wife the former Elizabeth Harris, of Clareu- ! don, and his only son, Lyman, | pit-deceased him many yea a* ago,
The funeral was held on Friday afternoon and was attend l»y a large number of relatives and old
Service was conducted


County of Pontiac Protestant Teachers' Association held their second meeting of the school term Friday afternoon in Shawville High School, with the president, Miss Bronson, of Fort Conlonge, in the chair and about twenty members present.
¦il
C H. Dawes, of Monlinette, Ont who spoke on. "Golden, chains around the feet of God," and dealt with the various department of young people s wor k.- Ho also led Preaching Mission
the gathering in a sing song of	-
popular airs and spirituals. After On Sunday night a Preaching the meeting in the church, an hour Mission started in the United was spent in recreation led by church, and has been held rat h Rev. A. Pokes in Wilson’s hall, night with the Pastor Rev. A F. after which refreshments were Pokes preaching. On Thursday served in the church by the local and Friday nights of this week, society led by the social convenor Rev, H S Chigston of Fir st United Barbara Woodley. Rev. E. G. church, Ottawa,
Warren, of Campbell’s Hay, ex- preacher.
pressed the thanks of the rally for Mnd Tuesday nights the Pastor the hospitality extended. The will preach, and on Wednesday, societies represented were Fort Thursday and Friday of next Gnu longe, Campbell's Bay, Yarm, week R v. T A Woods, a well-9hawvideT Zion, Stark's Corners, known evangelist from Ashton. Radford, Austin, Bristol and 1 Ont., will preach to the congrega Quyon.	tion. Each evening service open-*
at 7.45 with a song set vive of <>l I and new hymns j* extended to all
#ervice® for the deepening of qpiritual life.
m
to





l/ f
on





United Y P U Rally
,*mi
* *

L1

- journey, Bella Coula Pock, Pt. Z3J Menait» on Bentinck Arm, B.C.
n
\
X
EXPLORING fr PROFITS
-f

!

LIKE the intrepid explorers of those early days, enterprising Canadian business men today àre seeking and finding new outlets and new profits in export business. They find the services of this century-old Bank of value in advising regarding new connections and, later, in handling the financial details of shipments. We invite inquiries from those desirous of extending their trade at home or abroad.
World-wide facilities in all departments of banking
\

0%

f \
hf* second wife.
X*
I
Sir Alexander Mackenzie
A giant among Canada's pen of action. Partner in the famous Northwest Company, Jie discovered two of Canada's mighty rivers. In 1793, at the age of 30, he was the first white to reach the Pacific Ocean
• ?
United Church
overland by crossing the North American confinent north of the Spanish Possessions. His daring trip via Peace and Fraser Rivers opened up a new world beyond the Rockies to Canadian Fur Traders.
friend*	e . I
in Shawville Standard Church by the Pastor, Rev. .1 B. Fling, who HAfittted by Rev. S Lindsay,
Fall®, a former
I
will be the On Sunday. Monday
warn of Forester
pa* tor.
The pall-bearer* were Messrs Kii-sHI Mee. Victor Findlny, Arthur mid Lloyd Hunier. Arthur MelUrum wnd A-a Laughmi.
Interriipnt IfÉf rott tit) in IiHuforti
emetery.

BANK ,
NOVA SCOTIA


.;¦> v-:
i
w?



V



mmm

* A

*

»

ass


, X
-to attend the^-e Married Life
1/ Renewing her etibscribition to
OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Clarendon Women s Institute
This branch with ten members and nine visitors preseat, were



TG f
Mb

