###PAGE###1###

i fl .50 per annum In Advance I 2.CO 10 the Un
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29. 1940
No 11., 58tu Year
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN
Young—At Grace Hospital, Ottawa, on Fiiday, August 12drdf 1040, to Ft Gilbert and Mrs. Yonntf, a daughter. — Gi berta
Heather Ann.
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawvllle Hardware
Miss Nom
Business Change
ilüüi
Chamberlain lias secured the ser \\H a guest of Mrs. Andrew liod* vices of Miss L Boucher, of Ottfvjgjng, this week. wh, an experienced operator in hairdressing and manicuring.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
r
HARDWARE AHD BUILDING SUPPLIES
DIED
Mrs. A. McKnight, of Almonte,	----
visited her relatives in town and EmmkRïON—At his late residence, vicinity during the past week.	Charter!a. Que., on Sunday,
Mr, Kenneth Hodgins. of No* o’clock Tuesday afternoon, from
vacation | the jHte residence of the deceased, to St. Matthew’s Anglican Church and Cemetery, at
Charters*, Qne.
Help for the Canadian Red Cross
.titHeeling the kindly spirit of
iŒE&iEES	thi.
received by Jackson Dodds, vice-1 Miss Gwen Black, of Almonte, president of the Quebec Provincial gpent the past week with her Division of the Society, and turned grandparents, Mr and Mrs. W. J. over to the Bed Cross here.	Black.
War of 1014 18, dedicated the per- in this district.	Mucdonald. of Bruce Ave.. South
SiSSBrs harnlotary cpübScwa |
effort for( peacei andtoand other relatives.	Porcupine. Rev. VV. M. Mustard Graduate o( McGill University i
wo"dd°be turned over to the Can Mr. and Mr-. Martin Black and "%Wde wore a becoming after-	SHAW VILLE, QUE.
rîilrtir*S™.»;, ;iS;srÜ..:1Sir “'l-KS'SftWa
s:s "CTe	-
.	<•	„,v. Pte Douglas Stewart, of Picton, Following the ceremony a recep-
A very large number or »ym- ()nt ppent furlough with his tion was held at the home of the pathetic relatives and inends at- I)ai.ents Mr and Mrs Daniel Ste. hi ides parents. Mr. and Mrs. tended the funera. on Awnrt Lower Litchfield, recently, pinan will reside on Cecil Ave,
•vî^riklWi?)	«"Wh ÏÏ. HI., tt.rl, Km,..	..MV.	*»»*"
M	sssrsi ks
msmsmwm
mil iimw0^3ses5si
BBR
**¦
iiSipiSlteF: “
Mrs. Carol Horner ; Mr. aud this week.	A large number of relatives	...
lS#il iHml ISl^ "zr ::r
terme Co.; Electrical Dept ; Noranda	---——	Hilton, who w*» assisted gr Mr. y y Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins
M‘"Kllvie'r Myers was horn in Ot- At Long Last 	CoruerTiCtec,,stalChurcd^l)ur | Reg, Optometrist "eg. OptometrUt_
Er	.s:*':*	?,ïs K
mbs® -ss
§&?££;= ra SÂSfeSS SEs&SSiB
KSuitl*isv.’ÿss e;-tir£S^rr.!lrç	bhawville -
United Church.	greatly appreciated by ever> body, were received.
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
JAMES A. MILLAR
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Class
Locks
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing, Sheeting Papers, Wire Screening,
BA. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wedneedey morning
At Pontiac Home, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
MARRIED
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Main Street, Shawville, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister.: Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
SCHOOL OPENING
Sept. 3rd
Funeral of Kllvington Myers Largely Attended
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
rx
t

will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
fence
Matters dealt with by'.eorrespon
Time to prepare r\ get the kiddies ready
Boys Pullover Sweaters
Colours—Wine, Blue, Brown,
Good snappy, part wool, garments
Sizes, 28 to 32
•C
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
avocat
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m
29c
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Boys] Polo Sweaters
Short Sleeves. Green and Fawn Mixtures Small, Medium and Large	____
Boys Summer Windbreakers
Shower Proof—Fancy, Fawn & Green, Fawn &
Brown Combinations. Sizes 28 to 32 $1.50 Same in young mens sizes 36 to 40	$1.95
besides his wife, the
PhoneSI
39c
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
II
609 Drummond Medical Buildir g ¦*,
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 638 8
ville
0%. WALLACE J. W. HÛDCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Boys School Oxfords
Sturdy Whole Stock Shoes. Black or Brown
i
/ >
ISMAN'S
BtlAIR 3 267
made in the

I

H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
INS
1 eo METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7961
Eye
ic
Girls School Dresses
Stylish Prints. You can’t make them <£-, qq
cheap. Sizes 6 to 14 years:
Girls Sweaters
Snappy Cardigans. I
ONT
as
and
$1.35
Sizes 8 to 14
>

School Girls Oxfords N6WB?aa=dkseandrTaaPn!.tye1tec9 $1.95 to $2.50
Wool Anklets
Stiped Lastex Tops. Sizes 8& to 10 3QC
Scribblers, Pencils, Note Books, Erasers, School Bags, Thermos Bottles, etc. etc.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

W. A. HODGINS, Lt’d

Quebec
Shawville,
QUE.
###PAGE###2###

F
and it takes a great many minnows to feed a bass for one season. We see that every pound of bass U* produced at the expense of many pounds of the plancton plants. Is It any wonder that the best boss wat are those that grow the greatest amount of plancton?
bass) complicate the food chain.
Discussion of this food chain brings out another interesting fact. Over a period of time it takes a great many of the microscopic plants to feed one of the small wat-erfleas. Similarly, many waterfleas are needed to nourish one minnow
People From All Over Continent Meet at C.N.E.
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
C dll



#
a
>?: »
ers
mm
4.

43*
lesson vim
e
CONFESSION AND FORGIVENESS
2 • Samuel 12:1-14; Psalm 51:1-17;
32:1-11
Printed Text, 2 Samuel 12:13, 14;
Psalm 51:1-3, 9-13; 32:5. Golden Text:	“Confess therefore
your sins one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed.” Jas. 5:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — We are not exactly sure of the time in which this terrible experience of David's took place, but we may locate it approximately In the year 1035 B.C.
Place — Jerusalem.
This lesson Is one of the most
No. 4
BASIS OF AQUATIC LIFE
Swarming in every body of water are millions of microscopic plants and animals known collectively as “plancton.” Sometime when you are near a lake or stream, dip u.p a glass of water and hold it against the light, or better still, look at It through a magnifying glass. Minute specks will be seen travelling in every direction. These are the plancton animals and plants. They are the basis of all aquatic life; they turn the energy of the sunlight into chemical substances that can be utilized by the higher animals; they tear down the bodies and wastes of the higher creatures into simpler compounds.
Plancton is made up of three different types of living creatures. First, the plants, furnished with the green substance, chlorophyll, that has the unique power of turning water and carbon dioxide into food sugars with the aid of sunlight; second, the saprophytes, thé fungi and bacteria, that break down the dead bodies of all plants and animals into simple chemicals that can be assimilated again by other plants; third, the animals, minute creatures without backbones, that eat the plants and saprophytes, turning them into food for all the higher animals of the water.
Important in Conservation
In the conservation of our fisheries resources the animal plancton is a very important element. Nearly every freshwater fish feeds on it while young and some of them eat it throughout their lives.
The Food Chain
The food chain is one method of Illustrating the value of plancton to the fisheries
black bass, for instance, feeds on minnows to some extent minnows eat insects and their larvae, waterfleas, and some other plancton animals, or, if plant eaters, they may feed directly on the plant plancton. The Insect larvae and the animals of the plancton may eat the microscopic green plants or they may feed on the large water weeds. The food chain is green plants, waterfleas, minnows and black bass. Here, I have simplified it greatly.
In nature, side chains and short cuts, (waterfleas directly to young
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
¦
1
4%
A
*
rVX # r

mm




K


^ -
#

u
m
%

*







¦ V
S:

m

5K


v/	Jtt
A section of the crowd in attendance at the Canadian National Exhibition, Toronto, is shown here near a favorite meeting-place, the Fountain.
H Éfl ! “¦.%
• V v«v
#
wonderful in all the Bible, exposing the terrible consequences of unrepented sin, and the glorious possibilities, because of God’s mercy and love, for such sin to be forgiven and put away, and for life once again to be filled with Joy and praise and peace.






_ THE SCHOONER., ^
"'FANNIE E. WOLSTONf
ABANDONED IN IÔÇI, STILL. WAS AFLOAT iN IB94-, AND HAD DRIFTED OVER.
ZOOO AA/LE1S
OF THE ATLANTIC OCEAN
All
spaced six inches apart. blemished and imperfect fruits should first be removed. In spacing, the fruits that are to remain should be left on the upper side of the limb as far as possible where they will be exposed to sunlight.
There are various techniques employed to remove the apples from the tree. The most efficient method is to hold the stem of the apple between the thumb and first finger and with the pressure or force of the remaining fingers separate the apple from the stem. In this way the apple is removed without disturbing the fruit spur and other apples attached to it.
And renew a right spirit within
me
11.	Cast me not away from thy
presence;
And take not thy holy Spirit from me.
12.	Restore unto me the joy of thy
salvation;
And uphold me with a willing spirit.
This beautiful prayer asks first for a complete renewal of nature, then that there may be no break between the suppliant and God, and thirdly, for a joy and willingness to serve, which would naturally flow from the granting of the preceding desires. Nothing less than a new creation will make this man’s heart clean. Salvation is the gift of a clean heart and a steadfast spirit, the blessed consciousness of unbroken closeness of communion with God.
13. Then will I teach transgressors thy ways; and sinners shall be converted unto thee.
NEW LIFE OF JOY
Psalm 32 also appears to have been written shortly after Nathan came to David with his message of Judgment from God. We have here a record of David’s experience before Nathan came to him, and of the blessing that has come to him with the consciousness of full forgiveness and restoration to the Father's house.
5. I acknowledged my sin unto thee,

DAVID’S REPENTANCE
The great eiu of David's life is recorded in II Samuel. A year passes after the killing of Uriah. Suddenly the prophet Nathan appears before David. He comes as if to claim redress for a wrong in a humble life; rouses the King’s conscience by his simple tale of the rich man and the ewe lamb.
II Samuel 12:13. And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against Jehovah. And Nathan said unto David, Jehovah also hath put away thy sin; thou shall not die. 14. How belt, because of this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of Jehovah to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die. David is crushed by the sense of his guilt in the eight of God. The sentence which he had proûounced on himself (v. 5) Nathan says will not be executed, although David deserved to die as an adulterer and murderer. Instead, a long series of chastisements, beginning with the death of the child, declared the divine judgment on his
EVERY TON OF COAL.
WHEN BURNED, DISSIPATES INTO THE AIR THE EQUIVA- v
LENT OF about 6a POUNDS
SULPHUfiZ/C AC/a
k
ft

OF
COP* mi St NCA SERVICE. INC




I
RED SQUIRRELS swim across
THE WIDEST POINT OF LAKE CHAMPLAIN.
Deep Hearth Makes The Best Fireplace

f-9
DERELICTS, ships abandoned at sea, form a constant hazard to water travel. Every year, dozens of these wanderers are destroyed, but their numbers do not seem to decrease. Unlike icebergs, which follow a more or less charted course, abandoned ships are likely to appear anywhere on the ocean.
The front hearth—that is that part of the hearth that is outside of the fireplace itself—should be not less than 18 inches deep.
Logs break up when they burn, and flaming embers roll in all directions. A narrow front hearth is dangerous in sudi a case, as these embers may roll beyond the hearth and burn the floor or rug.
Besides its practical use of a fire protection, a wide hearth looks better; it has more generous feeling, and large andirons seem more at home with plenty of hearth in front of them.
The large mouth
These
NEXT: Why did early railroad locomotives carry stacks ol baled hay?
sin
HE ASKS FOR CLEANSING Psalm 51 Is a psalm of penitence and the subsequent putting away of •In by the mercy of God, together
MODERN ARTIST
HORIZONTAL
1 Famous present day painter.
11	Detective.
12	Pasha.
13	Mohammedan priest.
14	Burdens.
16	Convent member.
17	Decree.
19	France
20	Fairy.
21	Spain.
22	Leprous person.
24 Supped.
26 Smells.
30	To ignore.
31	To happen
32	Fungus disease.
34 Solar orb.
36 Warms.
38	Compass point.
39	Wood demon.
41	Picture border.
42	Egyptian god.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
other modern artists.
15 Entrance.
17 Matrimonial.
GARBO I 18 Belonging to
I an epoch. iSlAJCI 20 Criminal.
23 Wooden pin. Elol 24 Bronze ¦rPSI 25 Era
I Pianist Turns I I Farmer
And mine iniquity did I not

hide

GRE1A
IS
I said, I will confess my transgressions unto Jehovah;
And thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin.
There is no figure of speech finer than that of this psalm; God is so ready to pardon that when man makes up his mind to confess, before he does it, he is forgiven. God does not wait for our formalities, he deals with our attitudes.
c I

RADIO REPORTER
AN
liin
111!


XMBt
:>3.

By DAVE ROBBINS
is
W:


F

“RADIO THEATRE” RE-OPENS
"The Radio Theatre” returns to the CBC-CRS network for another season of hour-long dramas with its presentation on Monday night, September 9th, at 9:00 p in. EDST. Simultaneously with this announcement came word that Cecil B. De-Mille, famed producer-director of the drama series, has signed a new contract with the sponsors.
Louis Silvers, musical director, also will resume his orchestral post with “The Radio Theatre.”
DeMille, cruising aboard his yacht, has already begun reading mounds of movie scripts in preparation for the new season's “Curtain raising” broadcast. Policies which time have proved successful since the programme was first presented iii July 1935, will be followed in general procedure during the next season. The most brilliant stars of Hollywood's studios are to be featured in the production under direction of DeMille.
But better news the Canadian way, with its shortcomings, than anything resembling Government-sponsored news!
NIA
i


CT” 27 Song for two
AJg] 28 English coift
LEI 29 Til (plant)
33 Furnishes with new arms
35 Consumes
o

>¦
H

Farm Notes . .
43 Vulgar fellow.
45 Generous
48 Brink.
4Assam
silkworm.
51	Sniffed.
52	Walking stick.
53	His native land.
55 Fruit.
57	To acquiesce.
58	He specializes in painting
VERTICAL
2	To imprison.
3	Pertaining to the dawn.
4	Tooth tissue. 27 Threefold
5	Bone
Hard as it is to believe, the chap who plays the absent-minded, indecisive Mr. Parker in Sunday evening’s “Parker family” dramas is the same chap who is dominating and forceful on Wednesday as “Mr. District Attorney.” He's Jay Jostyn, whose versatile acting constantly amazes.

THINNING APPLES
Research has shown that under most conditions the size of apples may be increased and better colour obtained by an artificial thinning, states D. S. Blair, Division of Horticulture, Dominion Experimental Farms Service. It will not only go far in eliminating under-size fruit, but, by careful thinning, much of the defective fruit resulting from insects, diseases, hail and limb rubs can be eliminated which reduces greatly the cost of harvesting, packing and marketing. Distributing the fruit uniformly over the tree will result in a more uniform product which is of particular importance where box packing is done. Thinning prevents, to a very large degree, breakage due to overladen limbs and lessens the cost of propping. It further tends to make the tree more regular in bearing habit.
ITS ADVANTAGES Thinning is practised shortly after the “June drop” when the apples àre one to one and one-quarter inches in diameter. The distance apart to leave the fruit will depend very largely on the variety and general condition of the orchard. In general, however, only one apple should be left per spur or bud and the individua apples on a branch should be
40	Tincture.
41	Courtesy title. 44 Perishes.
46	To hoot
47	Rebel.
48	Genus of frogs.
50 Cutting tool 52 Auto, d 54 Within.
56 Chaos.
6	To rebroadcast
7	Metal.
8	Norse mythology.
9	Slumbers. 10 Affirmative
vote.
13 He has ----
the work of
¦


Dou Aiueche this week changed the name of his new-born fourth son from Michael Joseph to Lawrence Michael. Reason: Mrs. Am-
echo likes the rhyming nicknames of her three older sons, wants to make the fourth conform
3
Older
youngsters are called Donnie, Ronnie, and Tomtinie. The baby will be known as Lonnie.
II

l
V#
M

Dalies Frantz, eminent American pianist, is en jo v in* his first taste of farm life. He has moved to a small ranch in the film colony of Encino, where he raises Great Dane dogs, practices with a rifle, does garden work and lives the life of a country gentleman when not at the studio. Here we find him ml his new ranch playing a game of croquet.
m
ROUND THE DIAL
16
6
Monday — With the Troops in
Tom
NOTES AND NEWS
And here’s a tip for car drivers! Better listen in on these ' quizzes heard from CHOC — 1120 on your dial — six times a day, for if you can get the right answer for any one of them it means a. tank full of gas.
England, via CBC at 8:00 my Dorsey’s band on NBC-red at midnight
CKOC at 11:30 . . . Tuesday — Carson Robinson and His Buckaroos
19
20
21
Make Mine Music at
2
23
24 I 25
7 2
L9
from CKOC at 7:00 .
Jammers in Swing on Mutual net work at 8:30 shots from CBL at ten day — Easy Aces, NBC, blue at 7
Cats and
33
il
Canadian Snap-Wed ues-
with a prayer for renewal and sanctification. It Is supposed to have been written by David after his great sin, when the word of the prophet Nathan had aroused his conscience and brought him penitently to the throne of grace. Thee» verses have brought comfort and assurance of forgiveness, and hope for a renewed life after some ter rlble transgression to a great num ber of God’s children:
Psalm 51:1.
Have mercy upon me, O God. according to thy loving kind
You may have noticed a bit of discussion of late of a plan (advanced by interests with axes to grind) to have all Canadian radio news centralized and under the thumb of one or more individuals (something along the line of Germany, Italy and France). Fortunately the plan has been blitzkrieged. News as it is (and it has some faults) will continue.
39
40
2
. . Serenade for Strings from CBL at 9:30
drama, via CBC at ten
3
44
46
7
8
Father Reilly, Radio
Friday
— Superman, for the kids, Mutual chain at 6:45 . . . Amos and Andy from Columbia at 7:00 . .. Don Am-eche show NBC-red network at ten . . . Wcodhouse and Hawkins from the Canadian Chain at 11:30.
9
50
l
2
3
i
*
POP—Amazing Value
By J. MILLAR WATT
ness:
According to the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions.
2 Wash me thoroughly from mine iniquity,
And cleanse me from my sin.
3. For ! know my trails gross Ions;
And my sin Is ever before me.
The prayer for pardon is based upon God's revelation of his character in Exodus 34:6,7. David here insists that sinfulness does
j TO SEE- IT'
I KNOW WHERE you CAN
GÊ-T A CHICKE-N DINNER
^	pO R
two y ViA BITS /
io exe
# W

a •

8
m
38
is
" ^
I
%
H
I
/

s-4
m
t consist merely in sinful acts, but In ¦ sinful and corrupt nature.
DAVIDS PRAYER
•If



I
x
!

t

/r"t
/





%





9
Hide thy face from my sins, And blot out all mine Inicjuf11 Create In me a clean h
Cod;



z
rV

A




516
10
t. o

1

###PAGE###3###

. «¦
SCOOTING. .
Dresses Largest
Another Canadian Patrol Boat Launched
I
_ • "
one part ammonia to four parts cold water. Apply carefully,
slightly touching the stain, and Wardrobe IItCIT) the color will be restored.
Q. How can I remove soil from the edges and bindings of books?
A. Rub them with bread dough.
Rub the dusty parts with a ball of the dough until the dirt Is removed.
LIRE UP FOB OGDEN'S!
The Dominion Day celebration of Keewatin, Ont, was handled throughout by the local Boy Scouts. They were given the job by the Town Council.
Before their country was overrun, many thousands of French Boy Scouts and Girl Guides did splendid, tireless work for refugees fleeing from Belgium, then other thousands machine-gunned out of Northern France by the Nazis. Sadly, their own fate now is obscure, under the German yoke.
A Canada-wide essay competitor on “The Value of First Aid Education/’ was won by a Boy Scout, Charles Nicholson of Grav-enhurst, Ont. The contest was sponsored by the Canadian Pharmaceutical Association1.
m

/ .
Women Spend Big Part of Their Clothes Money on Them, Statistics Reveal

&
r w wTa
r4KwI •


i -

a
m
».

o



Xs
»
The New York statisticians have figured out what the woman does ! with the money she spends on her clothes. Here’s how her dollar goes: ’ Dresses. 22 cents; coats and suits,. 20; shoes, 17; hose, 13; underwear, 12; accessories, 8; hats, 6; sport : togs, 2.
? :

(
»
9SÊm
>
it
%


w.
Modern
Etiquette
r

J
Ww
Get your ticket to keener enjoyment in rolling your ^V : own. Join the ranks of wise smokers who roll them with Ogden’s — the fragrant, satisfying • fine cut that always rolls a cooler, milder, better cigarette.	„
Only the best cigarette papers— “Chantec/er* or "Vogue"— are good enough for Ogden's.
m





>
t
i
I 1



MEN SPEND LESS An unofficial report of the Bureau of Labor Statistics compiles the long-range averages for 42 cities.1 It shows men spend far less on their, clothes than women, both spend the most between the ages of 18 and 21 and that boys' clothes cost more than girls' up to the age group 12-
M
BY ROBERTA LEE

i w
* I
I
Q. Should a man remove his hat In the elevators of stores and office buildings, when ' women are present?
A. No; but he should do so in the elevators of hotels and apartment houses, which are residential in nature.
Q. When a man enters a restaurant with a woman guest, should he help her remove her wrap?
A. Yes. and place it over the back of her chair, unless a waiter is present to do so.
Q Would It he all right for a new employee to ask other employees bow much salary they get?
A. Never. The matter of salary is confidential, and this would be a very presumptuous question.
Q. What is the correct way to eat cherries and plums when they are served at the table?
A. Cherries, very small plums, and grapes are taken into the mouth whole, and the pits and stones are carried from the lips to the plate between the thumb and first finger.
Q. Should a person say "please” when giving a floor number to an elevator operator?
A. Yes. "Please” and "thank you” are never out of place.
Q. Whom should a hostess ask to "fill in” at a dinner?
A. A close, intimate friend.

V
.
r !


Smokers!—
Ask




for

M •

Ogden's
Cut
Plug J
IB'-#

<•
3
17.


w


“Cor-
7
Trim of line and as sturdy as they make them is this new vette” class patrol boat built by the British admiralty in Canada at an eastern seaport. This ship was launched by Lady Flset, wife of the lieutenant-governor of Quebec, in addition to this ship, Lady riiset christened three others which had been launched previously without
ceremony.
Among Canadians of the air force decorated for gallantry was a former Boy Scout of Three Rivers, Que., Aircraftsman, . First Class, Ernest R. Frost. Frost received the Medal of the Military Division of the Order of the British Empire, in recognition of “great courage in effecting the rescue of an unconscious. pilot from a burning aircraft.” Frost entered the rear cockpit of a crashed plane which was filled with smoke and fumes, seeking the wireless operator, but found it empty. Although nearly exhausted, he ran to the front cockpit and helped a companion extricate the unconscious pilot. This was done at great risk due to the imminent danger of the gasoline tank exploding. The tank did explode shortly after.
ry
Heads N. B. University
I
• •
COCIAMO
f
m





/
i

Postal Rates Aid Troops In Iceland

f
4» 4» #

HEALTH
TOPICS
OGDEN'S



It
Postmaster General Mulock recently announced that arrangements have been completed under which
newspapers (or. members of the Canadian Active Service Force stationed in Iceland may pass at domestic postage rates.
Parcel post will be accepted at the rate of 12 cents a pound up to a limit of 11 pounds, which is the same rate at present applicable to parcels addressed to soldiers in England.
FINE CUT

postcards and
letters,
tiens the dishes.
Downstairs neighbor: "You play the piano too loud." •
Upstairs: "Can you prove it?" Downstairs neighbor: "Yes, here is your loud pedal. You pushed it right through the ceiling."
NUTRITIONAL NEEDS
A summary of nutritional requirements at different ages, recently issued by officials of the Health League of Canada, reveals acme interesting facts.
During the first twelve months of life, says the statement, the calories required by the average child increase from 500 to 1000 a day, and during this time the protein needs of the child may be calculated at from one-and-a-half to two ounces of milk per pound of body weight.
REQUIREMENTS INCREASE
Prom one to three years, the caloric needs increase to 1,250 a day for girls and 1,400 a day for boys. Thereafter, until the end of the 18th year, there is a gradually increasing demand. At the end of the 18th year, girls need 2,500 and boys 3,000 calories a day. Fourteen per cent of the total calories should be derived from proteins, and one third of the proteins should be from animal sources.
An understanding of the basic needs for a standard dietary is of the highest importance at this time, it was pointed out, and full Information on the subject is obtainable from pamphlets and literature which may be obtained on request from the Health League.




Joan (rejecting suitor): "No! A thousand times no!"
Jim: "Don’t rub it in. I only asked you once!"
;
Professor Norman A. Mackenzie, of the University of Toronto, has been named president of the University of New Brunswick. He will succeed Dr. C. C. Jones, who Is retiring.
- HAVE • YOU HEARD?
into the court they marched the The magistrate looked down

man
at the surly prisoner.
"Well," he asked, "guilty or not guilty?”
The prisoner scowled.
"Figure it out yourself,” he snarled. "That’s what you’re gettin* paid
Says Columbus Ace Navigator
How Can I?
-
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Minister (closing Sunday sermon): "And brothers, don’t run around with other men's wives.”
Man in congregation jumps up and snaps his fingers.
(Later after church).
Same Man: "Preacher, I'm sorry 1 made that commotion in church, but that sentence of yours just reminded me where I left my umbrella last night."
i
Oil Cans Found Danger To Food
Harvard Professor Tells of Retracing Christopher’s Ocean Route
Q. How can I take wrinkles out of a garment, when staying for
several days in a hotel?
A. Hang the garment over the rack in the bathroom, close the door, and turn on the hot water Let it run until the bathroom is filled with steam. Leave the garment hanging in this vapour for an hour, then open the room and let the article dry in the fresh
for!”
After retracing the routes followed by Christopher Columbus and studying his sea journals, Harvard’s Professor Samuel Mor-ison announced last month his belief that the discoverer was a "master navigator and a shrewd and accurate observer with a keen sense of beauty.”
FOUND HfS FIRST HARBOR
Back from a month of sailing the Caribbean in a ketch, Morison said he had definitely found Columbus’ first New World harbor, on the island of San Salvador, as well as his second landing place, in Northern Cuba.
The purpose of the Harvard expedition, which last year carried Professor Morison some 10,000 miles to 10 countries, was to make a definite estimate of Columbus as a seaman and a discoverer and to identify definitely the places he visited. The sea exploration of the expedition now is ended.
it baa been brought to the attention of the Dominion Department of Agriculture that many people are malting use of oil cans for the canning of foods.
The use of oil cans for food Is
considered to be a very dangerous practice since they are made of Ternç plate, a plating which is al-moef wholly lead, and very small -amounts of lead are poisonous.
SPECIAL CANS FOR FOOD Cans made expressly for foods are entirely different and can be bought at a nominal price from the hardware stores and mail order house*. Years of research have also gone into the manufacture of cans for canning food, with the result
that the inside plating is lead free. This is done to make it impossible for foods to become contaminated with lead, and no cans should be used for fruits, vegetables, meats or fish other than those made as food cans.
Oil cans are not food cans and should not be used for any food product.
I
32
*
Boss: "How did you happen to oversleep this morning?"
Worker: "There were eight of us In the house and the alarm was set for seven.”
1
J
air.
Q. How can I make a good roach powder?
A. A very effective roach powder, it is claimed, is made of equal parts of plaster of Paris and powdered sugar.
Q. How can I treat perspiring hands?
A. An excellent remedy is to rub the hands several times a day with a solution of 125 parts of rose water, 10 parts of borax, and 8 parts of glycerine.
Q. How can I treat colored fabric on which acid, such as lemon or vinegar, has been spilled and has changed*the color?
A. Sponge with a solution of

non#
it*
A certain sportsman wts playing over a golf course in Scotland, and playing very badly.
"Dear, dear!” he remarked at last. "There canna’ be worse players than myself.”
"Week week maybe there are worse players.” c die consolingly, "but they dinna play.”
HIS*



Nervous Restless
en ted the cad-
ijhThi
What Science j Is Doing j
Girls!
Cranky? Restless? Can’t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by fe-HUmHl male functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially for women. WELL WORTH TRYING 1
After eating a meal, goes the report, Finnish children shake hands with their parents and thank them for the food. Then, like Canadian children, probably skip out before anyone men-
DRUG RESTORES MEMORY
Restoration of a young soldiers’ memory with an injection of cardiazol, a new synthetic drug with some of the effects of camphor, ie described i n the British Medical Journal.
The synthetic camphors have the same effect on the brain and spinal cord as real camphor, causing a more or less severe shock.
fTV
m
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
f i t*e$tone
CHAMPION TIRES *
• • e
\
c
V >
UAKEKY Etllill'MEAT
TRACTORS : OR SALE
004.S FOR SALE
t
l
BAKERS* OVENS AND MACHINery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Port able Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.	.	______________
ONE 10-20 AND ONE WK40 McCOR-mick-Deering tractor. Gordon Stutt. Forest, Ontario. _________
CROSS BETWEEN
HUNTERS
registered pointer and setter. Short hair—black and white, liver and white. Males and females, inoculated for distemper by Duncan. Laidlaw method. Six to nine mths. old. Males $9.00. Females $6.00. Tobacco Road Farm. R.R. No. 1, Harrow, Ontario.________________


BELTING BARGAINS
AIDS CANCER DIAGNOSIS
The current issue of the Canadian Medical Association Journal, reviewing the work of a Mo Gill University research worker, reports he obtained correct diagnosis in 90 per cent of cancer eases which he studied through examination of crystalline forms f the blood. The worker was Dr., L C. Gruner.	+

BELTING FOR THRESHERMKN. Endless rubber thresher belts, suction hose, feeder canvas, pulleys, hangers, shafting, motors at very low prices. Send for price list. The York Belting Co., 88 York Street, Toronto.
I
'mËÉmm
STARTED CHICKS
GET SOME OF THESE WELL started chicks before they all go. Two week old Grade "A" Barred Rocks. White Rocks. New Hamp-shires $10.45. 90 per cent. Pullets $14.45, Cockerels $8.95. Leghorn pullets $17.40. three week old add three cents. Extra Profit add one cent. Four week old Barred Rock cockerels $13.95. Free range p lets six weeks to 24 weeks. Fi catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.

ELECTROLYSIS
j

SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. MOLES AND warts permanently and painlessly removed by electrolysis. 17 years' experience. Anne Graham Logan, 140 Carlton Street. Suite Two, Toronto. Branches in Hamilton. London, Sudbury, Timmins, St Catharines.
I
PHOTO FINISHING
mg
FREE! You Can Now Own

ul-

complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 26c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service, Station J., Toronto.
' ' » V,e » *" •
I
i
•• •
ree

%


i-

• •
FIRST CLASS WOOL RABBITS
PULLETS — BRAY 3-4 WEEK OLD. Prompt shipment most breeds. Some started Turkeys too. Order Bray September chicks now. Don t be left short on good producing stock. Bray Hatchery, 136 John N., Hamilton. Ont.
A
,
HY pay more? Money cannot buy a safer tire.
Why accept less? Firestone lives you extra safety, extra value and ex Ira mileage at no extra cost!
And here's how:
Because only the Firestone Champion Tire has the amazing Gear-Grip tread which gives 11% longer non-•kid mileage than any comparable lire Firestone has ever built.
Its thousands of sharp-edged angles grip the road with a j •ure, firm hold and protect / against skids and side slips. / And, only the Firestone \ \ Champion Tire is built with Cjf the patented Safety-Lock Æa Gum-Dipped cord body which mjj provides 27% stronger bond WÊ between tread and cord body, ÆM and 35% greater protection WM against blowouts.	WU
Replace dangerous, worn tires #9 NOW. Have your nearby Firestone Dealer put Firestone Champion Tires on your ear TJj today and know that you are nU getting the last word in safety ™ tmd economy.	^
W
QUALITY, Does
FINEST
first class wool producers.
$5.00, Bucks $3.00 each. R. Faber. R.R. 1, Hensall, Ont
ARTIFICIAL SIAMESE
A husband and hia crippled wife last week were bound together in the manner of Siamese twins bo that hie skin and tissue might be grafted to her to enable her to move her head.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Mon-heit, of Jersey City, hope that the rare operation will enable her again to raise her head from her chest, where it has rested for a year
line burned her neck and chest, restricted the use of her muscles and destroyed her eyelids.
ANGORAS,

•it*
• •
V


<
I
m:
r—ÎLl \. .

X\Y
i
LADIES WANTED
//.
SAVE MONEY ON THESE STARTed chicks from bloodtested breeders. Two week old Barred Rocks, New Hampshlres $9.45. 90 per cent. Pullets $11.95, Cockerels $8.95. Leghorn pullets $14.90. Three week eld add three cents. Large Egg Quality add one cent. Four to five week old Barred Rock cockerels $14.25. Three week old heavy breed assorted cockerels $10.95. Older free range pullets. Top Notch Chlckerles, Guelph, Ont.
%
A FEW MORE LADIES WANTED: Must be convincing talkers to clearly explain advantages our Household necessities known as FAMILEX PRODUCTS offer to buyers. Already selling in immense quantities. Door to door canvassing necessary to show articles and take orders for same. GOOD COMMISSION. Unlimited earnings possible. Friends, neighbors, anyone will be glad to order. FOR FREE CATALOGUE AND DETAILS write FAMILEX, 570 St. Clement. Montreal. _____________________



SALE OF PACIFIC SEAL COATS
SPECIAL VALUE IN PACIFIC SEAL coats; full swagger style; black only; coat and lining guaranteed two years; sizes 12 to 42; 110 Coats only; while they last only $39.50. 10 per cent, reduction for relatives of ex-service and service men: will send for examination on receipt of $6.00. Many other bargains. Munro Fur Store, Vancouver, B.C.
"/fl
' (r
Ï
ver sini« exploding gaso-
YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHase High Grade Started Chicks from Government Approved breed ers. Standard Quality two-week-old New Hampshlres. Barred Rocks $10.45 90 per cent. Pullets $13.85, Cockerels $8.95. leghorn Pullets $16.90. Three week old add three cents. Big Egg Quality add one
pullets all ages. Chick Hatchery
Nl H*1NG
	
V
COURSE FOR ATTENDANTS — Verdun Protestant Hospital gives a year's training for mental attendants. Requirements 2 years' high school and applicants must be 21 years of age. Apply, Director of Nursing, P.O. Box 6034,
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
A large increase was recorded in the marketed value of New Brunswick’s fisheries production In 1939, when the total was $5,082,393 in comparison with $3,« 990.004 in 1938,
New
Used
cent. Free range Baden Electric Limited. Baden, Ontario.
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic Holst*. Wine hew. Generators, Starters,
Radiators
Montreal.
EYEGLASSES
No
>\
«¦Iter
— Exchange Satisfaction or Levy Auto Parte. Dept. J
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
SUPERTITE STEEL SHEETS COST let.fi, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advance# price#, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia, Ontario.
LOWEST PRICES.
EYEGLASSES*
Free catalogue and eyesight tester sent on request. Satisfaction guaranteed. Kleer Sight Optical Co.. 677 College, Dept. W.. Toron-
W
Gl
Toronto.
m


CJianieel&i
The Quebec apple crop in 1939 exceeded one million bushels for the first time. The entire crop for Canada was the second largest on record.
to
Slow Burning___
CIGARETTmmy-
NONE f\Nt£sKfAOf
TO
ELECTRIC MOTORS
TIRES MADE THAT ARE S AF ET Y-PR 0V E D ON THU YOUR PROTECTION ON THE HIGHWAY
MOTORS
CENTURY ELECTRIC
are best suited for rural work. Jones * Moore Electric, 29# Adelaide West, Toronto.
THE ONLY SPEEDWAY FOR
ISSUE 34—'40
DOUBLE Ai’o°ot"t
###PAGE###4###


tell the difference between these varieties
THE EQUITY yaTOHSTK
Hodgins Garage
er, they are seen cotisientioualy trotting to take cover as to the rest of the world comes out ! The banshee'* wail #ome have called it ! But most of us think of that strident instrument a watchful "Be careful,” it says, “don t
In a
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 29, 1940
If Pennies Count With You
17,000 Busy Building Aircrafts
friend	¦ .
give the Germans a chance !
^	..	.	, moment the busy street is empty except
Some 17,009 Canadians are at pre- ^r the Air Raid Wardens, in their dark sent engaged in the aircraft industry in ^ue overaj| uniforms and their tin hats
Of these 8,400 are employed __oar fr|end jn 8hop and drawingroom in seven aircraft plants with the balance and 0ffice__but now "local authority” engaged in factories producing parts 8tern in enforcing the rule to take cover, and equipment. This does not include ,^en t^e «a|i cjear” and we are out employees of Canadian Associated Aircraft Ltd , engaged in assembling planes for the British Government. The figures represent an increase of 20 Kr cent, in four weeks.
\
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
It might be wise for you to consider the fact that a bag of flour costing $2.50 and less than dollars worth of other ingredients will still produce more than $7.00 worth of bread.
Since this is true why not bake your own bread.
Canada.
one
again,	.
"I take my knitting out with me in my shopping bag,” said one woman, in case of meeting a raid. I was caught at grocer’s the other day. Mr, Grits Warden. He pushed us all into the
There I
9
the
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
is &
cel 1er with the chests of tea sat, doing nothing, when I could have
turned the heel of my sock.”	w
A $600,000 contract has been placed I The inevitabl “stranger in these part
by the Department of Munitions and took cover in a smalltown public shelter Supply for six large rescue boats for this week. -He politely asked the other the Royal Air Force. The launches are inmates if it were the town s first raid ! between 60-70 feet in length. Powered “Hitler’s men call this place Hells th three engines they will be capable corner, he was told. We says to him
let them come !”
We stock the following brands of flour :
Winnipeg, Keynote. Golden West, Three Stars, Castle,
Rescue Bests for Air Force Use
Maple Leaf, Robin Hood, Five Roses. Purity.
Ivory,
Nelson.
Used Cars
V
Wl
and Trucks
of doing 35 knots
If an Air Raid warning sounds before Church time, announced the vicar from the pulpit, “we start our services fifteen minutes after the all clear.”
¦SHiliSl
of boots were being turned out.
Canadian Mills Operating Full Blast
<
<

One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
<
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O.
<
,<s

ready for general service,
We share other things as well feel a special glow of pride when the son of Mrs. Scarlet, up the road gets the Military Medal. We are sorry, and proud too, when little Joe Pink is not one of those to come back.
The prime Minister told us during the French battles that we ought to be
proud if we had to share some dangers Previously acknowledged
with men at the front. We are prouder Mrs. J. Hunt.............
still today, for now we are the front ! David T. Hodgins ......
Seamen, airmen, soldiers, civilians, are W. G. Cowan ......
| p*rt of the garrison that holds our Mrs. Samuel Sinclair...
island fort. Things that seemed rather Cecil Sinclair, ........
useless in the long months of sitting still Mrs. James Wilson, .----
are now of immence importance. The C. W. Hodgins, Timmins....
men in the searchlight posts, who comb- Dr. Alf. McRae, Ottawa.......
ed the sky night after night in the long W. Caldwell, Ottawa ..	.
cruel winter, the anti-aircraft gunner, | Mrs. E. J. Titus, Like Wood, the listeners and observers, the crews of
the barrage balloons, all these are Clarendon W. I..................
manning the front line.	Jas. J. Graham, Wyman....
We, too, everyday men and women of R. A. Hodgins..................
Smalltown, members of First Aid De- Mrs. C. H MacLean...............
tachments, bicycle messengers, auxiliary Mrs. Reg. Hodgins .........
fire fighters, telephonists at Report Mrs T. A Fades, Ottawa...
Posts—have all our part in the game. Mrs. Ed Smiley.................
There is an alertness about us now, an James Dale...................
exhilaration. We hold our heads higher, R. c. Morrison..............
walk with a lighter step.	Frank Corrigan.............
With the honour of sharing the j. E. Cowan .......................
danger, the interest of sharing the battle, John Caldwell, Caldwell... •
I we ordinary people get quite often, the Mrs. Rug Elliott .........
pride of seeing victory.	A. O Brough..........
Est. Mrs. Geo. Hodgins by Mrs W. D. McCleary
Lawson Corrigan . . ........
Austin McDowell............
Wesley Hodgins .............
Alf. Armstrong..............
Andrew Sly..................
Mrs. J. D. Hodgins........
Thos Fades .................
Mrs. Walter Findlay........
Jas. Caldwell ..........
G.	H. McDowell, Ottawa ... Geo. T. Dagg and Arthur ..
Mrs Lewis Hodgins..........
R E McRae...............
Plate collection at Memorial
Service.............
John L. Hodgins..............
Matthew Sinclair.............
Wm. Armstrong................
H.	A. Brownlee...............
Mrs. J. T. Viallant, Ottawa..
Norval Kilgour..........• • • •
Mrs. A. E. Posselwhite, of Ste
Sebastien, Que ........
t
We
NOTICE
Sweeping for Mines Round Canada’s Ports Risky But Monotonous
Most monotonous job in the Royal Canadian Navy is performed by the stubby hulled little vessels that buck the gales of the Atlantic to keep Canada’s harbour approaches free from mines.
flour after hour, summer and winter, they wallow and strain through the dragging their mine-sweeping equipment behind them. Their crews know that, at present, their chances of soaring mine are small, but they also know that a crop of death might be sown beneath the surface of the sea at any time. On the Atlantic coast these minesweepers keep clean some of the busiest shipping channels in the world, channels that carry men and material of the countless value to the Motherland in her life-and-death struggle.
The day of a minesweeper starts shortly after the first rays of the sun spread the chilly waters of the North
_____ Even during these summer
days the ocean winds are cool enough to make necessary the wearing of heavy coats and mufflers. The skipper has already received a chart telling him which channels must be swept during the day. The sweepers usually work in teams of three and four. The senior ship takes the lead and the others spread out behind her in echelon, so that each sweeps part of a wide channel.
The mine-sweeping equipment is so arranged that anchored ped from their moorings whenever the long-line comes into contact with their cables, and guides them to the special cutting aparatus. When they bob to the surface after their line has been severed, they may be destroyed with rifle fire or perhaps taken with extreme care into port for examination.
Each minesweeper carries on its forward deck a gun capable of delivering a severe blow if the necessity arises. At the stern are carried a number of depth charges. They are thus prepared for encounters with submarines whether the latter be on the surface or under water.
Stout little ships, they operate in# all kinds of weather conditions with the exception of dense fog, when a mine might be cut adrift without the knowledge of the crew. Possibility of collision is another of the factors keeping the minesweeper in port wb»n the fog banks roll in from the Atlantic.
When weather condition are favourable, the sweepers labour on and down the channels from dawn until far past the setting of the sun. Not until actual darkness has arrived do they point their blunt steele noses homeward. There they wait until sunrise for another trip go search of the black globes of destruction which may be lurking beneath the au rface of the sea.
Cemetery Donations Acknowledged
J. L. HODGINS

Province of Quebec I Municipality of Clarendon/
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality, that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes, established by the Municipal Council of Clarendon, has been made and completed, that it now is and will/remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended : any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the third day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of 1.30 p.m , but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 7th day of August, 1940.
Phone 64 J.
$ 32 00
3 00
2 00
/ / X XIXIZ ??/ / /;/ / / // Z Z Z / / Z Z Z Z Z
Z'ZiZiZlZi/IZiZ'Z Z'Z Z'Z'Z'Z /'Z'Z'Zyi/7'/ z z z
2 00
as
1 00
al
1 00
seas
2 00
ESTABLISHED 1883
5 00
5 00
a
2 00
COACH

INVALID

\
5 00
N. j
10 00
GEORGE HYNES & SON
2 00

2 00
2 00
-
Directors of Funeral Service
1 00
5 00

1 00
1 00
Shawville, Que.
<
2 00
1 00
across Atlantic.
Phone 83
2 00
2 00
2 00
10 00
NOTICE
NOTICE
2 00
hostage Stamps Came
Into Use Century Ago
The first postage stamp was born a century ago. in 1840, when Sir John Rowland Hill convinced the British parliament that a cheap, uniform postal rate would mean no reduction in postal revenues since there would be a great increase in the volume of the mails.
Before that date correspondence n Great Britain was an expensive uxury for rates were fixed by dis-ai.ces and by the number of pieces jf paper which made up the message.
The existing rate in 1839 started with a minimum charge of 4d (8 rents), for single sheets carried less ban 15 miles. This increased by iteps, reaching 12d (25 cents), at WO miles and for longer distances .vas increased Id for each additional lundred miles.
As a general rule, the person to .vhom a missive was addressed paid the postage.
Rowland Hill’s scheme for penny postage included the compulsory payment of the charges on all
etters.
In response to an invitation for suggestions about the design of the Irst stamp some 2,700 ideas were submitted to the treasury. Hill himself made a rough sketch featuring head of young Queen Victoria The actual drawing was made by lenry Corbould, a famous artist
All persons having claims against the Estate of the late Miss Maria Ann Hodgins, in her life time of the Village of Shawville, Quebec, are hereby requested to produce same within ten days of the date of this notice.
R. W. HODGINS,
E. T. HODGINS, Executors. Slid w ville, Que., Aug. 22, 1940
2 00
Province of Quebec |
School Municipality
of Clarendon j
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householder uf this municipality, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed and that it now is and will remain in my possession for ins|>ectir>n by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ratepayer may, during the said delay, corn plain of such roll, which will he taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Commissioners to take place on the 4th day of September, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of Eight o'clock in the evening ; persons interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of Ins taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days 'following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 7th day of August, «940.
JOHN A. DEAN, Sec.-Treas. Municipal Council of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
mines are snip
5 00
Bristol School Board
2 00
2 00
5 00
2 00
August 12th, 1940
Regular meeting of the Bristol School Commissioners held on above date. Present : Chairman Woods and Commissioners Graham and Stewart.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of Com Stewart were adopted.
D. A. Macfarlane appeared re. the fire insurance on schools in this township. Motion by Cotnr Graham, that No 9 school be insured with the Sun Insurance Company for $4500. ; $4000.
„	. . c n buildings and $500. on contents at a
Mr. J. R. McDowell, Secretary of the rate 0f g] 19 per hundred dollars for Maple Grove Cemetery Committee, ¦ ^erin 0f three years, acknowledges with thanks the following | Motion by Cnmr Stewart that Miss
I Bessie E. Wei shy's application as $2 00 j teacher for No. 5 school be accepted 2 00 Motion by Comr Graham that the following bills be approved and paid : Jas. Marks work and supplies
to No. 6 ...............
Montreal Star ad for teachers J. N. Russell labor at No. 1..
Gordon T, Paul, premium on
bond....................
Motion by Comr Stewart that No. 3 School be closed for next term.
Public Notice is hereby given to Motion by Comr Graham that Robt. all proprietors of real estate and resi- Russett’s tender for conveying pupils dent householders of this Municipality, ; from No. 3 district to No, 9 school at that the Collection Roll of Municipal $1.50 per day be accepted and that an Taxes, as established by the Municipal agreement be drawn up between the Council of the Village of Shawville, School Commissioners and Mr, Russett. has been completed, and that it now is The tenders for conveying pupils and will remain in my possession for from No. 1 district to No. 9 school were inspection by parties interested, during opened and discussed thirty days from this notice, during Comr Graham, that Harold Fulford’s which time it may be amended ; and tender be accepted if he accepts a salary any ratepayer may, during the said de of $600. per year and if Mr. Fulford lay, complain of such roll, which will does not accept this salary that a bus be taken into consideration and homo- be purchased by the School Board, loga ed, with or without amendment, at On motion of Comr Stewart the the meeting of the Municipal Council meeting adjourned, to take place on the Seventh day of October, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of eight o’clock in the evening ; but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of
tha'iven‘yâtWShaw»iUe,ththen0Twentr- will be prosecuted eighth day of August, 1840.
2 00
Hood of Questions Asked About South America
Shut off from trade and travel in Europe, Middlewesterners are turn-ng their attention in an amazing iegree to Lutin-Amer.can countries. .0 a study of their culture, art. and background, and to the prospects :or travel, and even indefinite stays, according to findings of the Pan American council here.
The council, which established headquarters in Chicago, has Keen deluged with inquiries of all kinds, declared the president, Mrs. Robert S. Platt.
People are asking about travel, about the advisability of moving to some South American country to make greater use of technical training in dairying, metallurgy, or manufacture, about Latin-American art or music, or politics, about lecturers and speakers who can give an evening’s program, about crafts, textiles, and paintings they might exhibit, about music and literature.
The council is not only a clearing house for Latin-American information for Chicagoans, Mrs. Platt emphasized, but also a kind of focal point for about eight Latin-American organizations, including the Friends of Mexico, Institute de las Espanas, Mesa Espanola, Good Neighbor Forums of the Y. M. C. A. college, and Spanish clubs in Northwestern university and the University of Chicago.
Letters and telephone calls ask, “Can you give us the name of an importer of rubber in South America?” ‘‘Does Germany or Uruguay control the salvage rights of the Admiral Graf Spec?” “Which country has that large public works program pending?” ‘‘How much American money was invested in Latin-American countries in 1933?”
To assist in disseminating infor mation the council, young as it in is already putting out a bi-monthi> bulletin announcing a calendar o: film showings, orchestra concerts panel discussions, exhib.ts, Ian guage classes and other schedu'ed events all having to do w.th Lat-n .unerican relations
1 00
45 62
any
5 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
1 00
a
donation.:
Mrs. Reggie Hodgins Mrs. A. McKnigbt...
ire
$13 04
JOHN A DEAN, Sec.Treas.
School Municipality of Clarendon Shawville, Quebec
NOTICE
1 32
10 00
7 50
)
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville,
ne
The Macdonald College Journal
That Air Raid Warning
Windfall for Ship Owners
The prices U. S. ship owners re ceived for their battered old bottoms are eye-popping. Values have ncreased tenfold since September 1933, when the war began. At that time the average selling price— when there was a sale—was $5 a deadweight ton. Today, the average is $50 with the scale continuing to rise as the war intensifies.
One company in 1929 acquired fur 3238.000 two shipping board vessels that had cost the government $3,400,000 10 years earlier company spent $119,000 for new equipment and used the vessels steadily for 10 years. In Septem ber they had a book value of $127, 000. But a few weeks later the firm sold the two old hulks for $860,000— which was $732,000 more than the original price.
By May, 1940, 188 U. S. merchant ships have been sold abroad since the outbreak of war. Most of these non-subsidized vessels ove; which the government has no con trol. Several lines sold off their old Now, in the hitting wat, there are still #hips and placed orders for fast one or two people who find it hard to modem new ones
This Journal is owned, edited and published monthly by Macdonald College. The subscription price is 50 cents per year.
In July I mailed the College Office the names of about 350 members of
CP. A A No. 1.
I trust that each of these members received free a copy of the introductory issue a short time ago, and that you have found time to read and appreciate the contents so that many will desire to receive it regularly.	e
On request of College Officials 1
solicit your subscriptions
To encourage prospective subscribers whether members of C.P.A.S. or not, to give me their subscriptions, I may state thaA part of the commission I receive I will give to the war effort or
the C.P.A.S. No. 1.
> The first regular issue will be Septem -Please let us bave your subscriptions without delay. A large list in important. We have a few sample copies on hand
“That airraid warning’s just chronic!’ said Mrs. Ragg, who keeps the newpaper shop at the corner.. “Seems old Hitler likes getting his ’planes knocked down!”
We Smalltown people treat the terror that flies by night and day with contempt, as we think it deserves.
“If some of us is killed,” went on Mrs Ragg, turning her powerful eye waiting customer who had, as she put it afterwards, a sort of nervous look, “which ain’t more likely than on the roads any day, it’s no worse than what our boys got in France. I’ve me shelter and we goes to it, But when I* hears them things come over I just says to myself : “An, me beauties, there’s some
that’ll not get back ."
The official name for the air-raid warning is the siren. Smalltown people of the refined sort call it the sireen. I have heard it called the syringe ! To most of ns it is the hooter. Officialdom gave it an occasional practice in the months of the sitting war, to accustom us to the “warbling note" of the warning, the sustained note” of the raiders past.
Motion by
on a
The
H. I. Smith,
Sec.Treas
No Trespassing:
All persons found trespassing on Lots 138, 229 and 240 of the Village of Campbell’s Bay, Pontiac County, Que..
ber
MRS. MARGARET STILES,
Owner
were
HARLANDC. ROWAT
Secretary Treasurer
R W* HODGINS,
Authorized Agent.
###PAGE###5###
ROOMERS WANTED — Rooms for school children. Apply to Mrs. Norris ANGUS. Shawvillei
FOR SALE—One Bedroom Suite ; one large Quebec Heater ; Day bed ; Leather Den Set ; Coal Oil Heater ; two Rocking Chairs ; A large number of stove pipes, and many other articles. Apply to Mrs. S. Chamhkrlain, Shawville.
Service Announcement
Shawvillb United Church Rrv A. F. Forks B. A., B.D. PasIof
The Equity

FOR RENT—Comfortable dwelling on Main Street East, Shawville. Recently re decorated. Apply to Mrs. Clifton Corrigan. Shawville, or Mrs. T. A. ITblliy. Breckenridge
School Opening
Specials
Established 1883
EVERY THURSDAY AT
DO NO»/
FOR RENT—The East half of Rev. A. Russell's dwelling, Bristol Corners, con sistlng of 4 rooms, a summer kitchen and woodshed, electric lighted.
Rev. A. Russell, Bristol.
published
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
Sunday, Sept. 1
11.00	a.m.—Service at Shawville
Subject : “A Message for the Times”
2.00	p m —Pontiac County LO.L. and
and visiting brethren will attend I FOR SALE—The contents of my wait-
in Shawville log room in Shawville. This includes 10	1 Leather Chairs, Table. Mirror, Pictures.
etc. Apply to Dr R. G, Docks, 83 Fifth Avenue, Ottawa,
Apply to
r
FOR SALE—A number of good sound cedar fence posts, ready for delivery. Apply to Chas Milkib, Schwartz, P.O,
annual subscription
$1.50
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
2 ft>
# #
2.00
divine service Church.
HOUSE TO RENT- Comfortable five roomed dwelling house with modern conveniences. Apply to Mrs S. Chamberlain, after 7.30 each evening, Shawville, Que.
must be paid in full
All arrears before any paper is discontinued
7.45 p.m—Service at Zion
7.45 p m. Service at Stark’s Corners
School Bags, Pena, Pencils, Ink, Scribblers, Rulers, Erasers, Pencil Boxes, etc.
FOR SALE—A number of Plymouth
The evening service ,» withdrawn at I
Shawville	I also a litter of Yorkshire Pigs.* ready for
delivery 26th of August. Apply to R.J. Tracy. Yarn" Que. Phone 20- 21.
W. G.COWAN, PUBLISHER
FOR SALE- A quantity of ice. Apply to Herman's Store, Norway Bay. or Phone 4-14, Shawville.
Bristol United Church Rev. C. Arbistrono-Salbs B, D Sunday, Sept. 1
Pulp wood Wanted
FOR SALE-Pair Clyde Colts 3 and 4 years old, dark bay, well matched ; also one year-old bay gelding. Belgians ; one set single harness slightly used. Apply to Melvin C. Woods, Charteris, Que.
FOR SALE—One pair of Clyde Colts, 1 and 2 years old ; also one two-year-old Clyde Stallion registered. Will sell or
St. Andrew's, Sunday School	10.001 tract * C a 1 d ^IL * Q u eA P£ho n e°l 1J	**
11 00 ---------------------------------
prepared to purchase green of
or delivered to road aide for pick up by tricks Phone or write,
. j.;m. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
Growing Girls’ School Oxfords
In black, brown and Rust Calf, and black, brown and blue Swede with Alligator trim, sizes 2£ to 7
I am
29
Service at
Sunday School 2.00
Service at Sunday School 10.301 ville
ROOMS TO RENT—Rooms suitable for school girls. , Apply to Mrs. Rak McTibrnan, Shawville, Que.
FOR SALK—Litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for delivery, August 30th. Apply to Manson McCagg, R. R. No. 2, Shaw-
Knox,
3.00
$1.98 to $2.25
Phone 76
Austin,
FOR SALE-One 1929 Plymouth Sedan in good condition, with license. Will sell cheap for cash. Apply STANLEY, Shawv.lle. Phone 14- 23.
7.30
“	Service at
The Minister rill preach at all services
ROOMERS WANTED - Comfortable rooms, suitable for scholars. Apply to Mrs. Earl Horner, Shawville.
to Bert
Farm For Sale
Fifty acres on I»t No. 6-0, Range 9, and 100 acres on Lot No. 6 a, Range 10, in the Township of Clarendon. P Airly well improved with buildings.
Apply to
MRS. WM. E. HODQINS,
Yarn, Quebec.
ANGLICAN Sunday, Sept. 1 St. Paul’s
8.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
3.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, Sept. 1 Greermount, Morning Prayer Charteria, Evening Prayer Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer
Hisses School Oxfords
In black and brown Calf Sizes 11 to 24... $1.79

The Hodgins Lumber Co
Wilson's tarage
The Same Reliable Service
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
A full stock of Girls' and Boys' Rubber Foot-
in Straps and Oxfords with and
wear
without heels. All sizes, infants to grown-
59 cts. to $1.10
ups. First quality
10.30
Ford Service
2.30
7.30
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J.P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
p one 40
A large job clearance purchase enables us to offer special values in :—Dainty Floral Muslin Scrim for curtains 40 ins. wide 19c
Phone 27
Proposed an Ideal German Utopia Back in Year 1521
Four hundred years ago a German Franciscan named Johann Eberlin of Guenzburg wrote an idealistic constitution for the Germans, an ordinance for a sort of Utopia which he called “Welfaria.”
Tender, reasonable, full of sense and tolerance, it did away with both imperial and canon law, abolished judgeships and advocacies, tolerated Jews and heathens, outlawed neresy hunting, made education compulsory for children, forbade the erection of “immoderately costly buildings” other than public edifices, abolished war for purposes of “extending or aggrandizmg our land,” allowed cards and dicing but only for small stated stakes, authorized three hours of village danc-each week, required that no establishment employ than three hands, and provid-
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
Shawville,
23c
Fine Quality Print, fast dye
As Sam Clemens, Mark Twain Was an Ace Pilot
Men’s Cotton Work Sox good weight.........
Men’s Cotton Merino Work Sox.............
Men’s Fine Wool Fancy Sox..................

Even now, on the Mississippi, you will hear that Mark Twain really knew comparatively little about piloting; that he learned all he wrote about it as a clever reporter at the elbow of Horace Bixby, king of river pilots. *
Garnett Laidlaw Eskew, writing in the May Coronet magazine, says that he shared that belief until recently when he talked with Capt. Walter Blair of Davenport, Iowa, on the veranda of his home from which you can see a mile down the river in two directions.
“Listen,” Blair said, as quoted by Eskew, ‘Til tell you about Mark Twain. Every pilot that has read ‘Life on the Mississippi' is jealous of Mark. They all wish they could have done it. When Mark lectured here in Davenport in 1885 with George Cable, I made it a point to talk with him. That was more than 50 years ago; I was then piloting the J. W. Mills and I had read everything that Mark had written. Away back in '78 he'd brought out a little paper-back volume called ‘Old Times on the Mississippi.' Later on, in '84, I believe, he'd pub- , lished his amplified book, ‘Life on ! the Mississippi.' After I read it 1 wrote him a letter saying what a fine authentic book I thought it was, and Livy (that’s what he always called his wife) wrote back and said Sam was on a lecture tour. So it was a lucky chance that my host was in port that night when he lectured here.	I
“After the lecture I walked back- !
Mark was sitting in an
19c
DALE’S TINSHOP
25c
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
39c
ng
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
business
more
3d that every governor, from the vliage headman to the king, should be elected and should legislate only by the advice and with the consent his local or national council.
%
Grocery Specials
30c
Maple Syrup, large bottle............
Pork & Beans with Chili Sauce........
Red River Cereal. A gift in each package
Peanut Butter, two pounds for........
Salmon A’La King, with Mushroons.....
Quaker Puffed Wheat, 3 packages......
Apple & Strawberry Jam, 4 pound tin Pep, 2 packages and dish.............
Justice and sanity inform every of this brief and simple document, this text for the governance )f a rural hamlet drafted to display he world in which an individual preerred to live German or other, living in a German village in the year 1521, would lived unhappily under the aws of this modes* Solon.
But 1521 happened to be a culminant year in Europe. It was the
which Luther was con-
tre
10c
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked
over.
25c
And no individual,
29c
29c
lave
25c
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec
O
49c
year in
iemned by the Diet at Worms. The dynamite contained in more than three centuries of struggles between empire and papacy uries of exploitation of the pious Germans by *a cynical and voracious episcopate, suddenly exploded in his year; and the Germans were started on a career of brutal strife and religious warfare which brought hem two whole centuries of darkness and misery.
Not what the individual, Eberlin, designed and desired but what the accumulated past made necessary constituted the substance of Reformation politics; and what the then dominant stratum of German society—the princes—designed and desired determined how the political oroblems would be met.
25c
^jjjajaiQrafaxaisjajsjaisfejaiSJSfajaisjaisiajai
in three cen
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
undertaker’s chair, resting after his lecture. He looked dog tired. His big mustache was drooping walked up to him.
Hello,' he said. ‘Who are you?' My name's of no importance, captain,' I told him, ‘but maybe you’ll recognize the handwriting on this letter.’ (His eye kind of lighted up and he sort of grinned when I called him ‘captain.')
“He looked at the letter and drawled :	‘That's, my wife’s hand-
writing.# Now where the devil did you get that?'
“After he’d read it, he made me sit down beside him and began to ask questions. I never saw a man so interested in boats and the river.”
Later, at Hermitage Landing on the Mississippi, Blair continued, he had an opportunity to ask Bixby himself about his former pupil and the latter’s ability as a pilot.
“Let me tell you something,” said Bixby. “Sam Clemens (I never call him anything else) was a first rate pilot. Make no mistake about it. And I don’t think in the whole four years he was steamboating he ever had a serious accident. If he’d stayed longer he would have been one of the great pilots of all time. He had all the qualities that a good pilot should have—nerve and a fine memory and the ability to catch on quickly. A pilot’s got to have those traits. And he was a good talker, too, and as fine a companion as any man riding the river/1 ..
I
I 9
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
II 4
Il I
Home-Loving Sex
Now Has Wanderlust
“This is a woman’s world, and in planning our trips and cruises we first ask ourselves what ‘the head of the family’ will think,” says Robert R. Mathews of the American Express travel service per cent of all those who travel for pleasure belong to the so-called ‘home-loving sex’ and, in making a choice on travel, we figure that feminine fancy is a directing—if not the deciding—factor in the majority of cases."
The average woman traveler is very tolerant of the shortcomings of her fellowman—up to a given point, says Mathews. She can take her dictators or leave them; she doesn’t mind rags or poverty as long as it's picturesque ; or lack of plumbing as long as it is somebody else’s plumbing.
But heaven help the unfortunate cruise director who brings her to a hotel that hasn't all the latest nickel-plated fixtures, and if even so much as one humble cockroach should inadvertently cross her path—why, the trip is off.
25c
School Opening September 3rd
Rolled Wheat. 5 lbs. package Rolled Oats, per lb................
Wheatena, per lb...................
Walker’s Salted Sodas. I lb. package
Macaroni,
Tapioca.
Sago,
Broken Rice ‘Blue Rose Rice.
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar............
Maple Butter, large tin...............
Sandwich Spread, per jar..............
National Soap Chips, large package....
Cassia Buds. Whole Allspice. Celery Seed. Curry Powder and Tumeric, per pkg
G.M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package
5c
5c
Look Here
12c

6c
per lb
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole'.
“Over 60
12c
I I
12c
I 4
ROOMS TO RENT—Rooms suitable for School Children. Apply to Mrs. Hillard Sinclair, Shawville.
6c
8c
11
4 4
25c
BOOMS TO RENT-Apply to Mbs. R W. Hodoins, Shawville.
Have you your
Scribblers, Note Books, Pens, Fountain Pens, Pencils, School
Kits, etc., etc.
25c
25c
ROOMS TO RENT — Rooms suitable tor School Children, with or without board. Apply to Mbs Sam Hamilton. Shawville.
25c
ROOM TO RENT—One room to rent to Mbs. Wm. J. Hornbr, Shaw
Sc
MS!’
FOR SALB-One McClary Range 90 ; one Dominion Piano ; one Westing house Radio, electric ; Lindsay Victrola ; Large Refrigerator ; St dan Star Car in good condition ; also several other items too numerous to mention. Apply to M iv» Henry Hodoins, Shawville.
5c
No
10c	s
40c	I
SZHBBreasJ
4
THE CORNER STORE
I l
11
XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gallon
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Contrasts
QUE.

SHAWVILLE,
4
% •
###PAGE###6###
I

AM
**

*

agreed to allow decision )n the matter to rest with each individual board in the ease of second-
#
ary schools. . .
4r
“skykrieg” on Britain on a 3-to l basis but also to carry on extremely effective air offensive on the Continent.
Earl of Athlone Opens 1940 Exhibition
an
World’s Largest
Exposition Opens:
Business-as-Usual

Spain On Her Ear
No. 3 trouble-maker (Hitler,
is No. 1), General irate at British super-
O
*> *

of course,
Franco
vision over Spanish imports, sent a note to London demanding relaxation of the blockade on oil, gasoline and other contraband products. The Falangist newspaper in Madrid, Arriba, after announcing that Spain was now a “moral belligerent”, declared that British action in shutting off Spain’s supplies of gasoline from the United States and Rumania constituted "aggression and an act of

W
«
*


?	- '-J
1940 Canadian National Exhibition Fills A More Important Role in Promoting Empire Trade Than It Did in Peacetime cultural Show This Year of Prime Significance — Royal Air Force Quarters Can Be Seen on the Grounds
I
;
i
Agri-
I
? »


5-
J
\ *
S
MM
va
an
the Canadian National Exhibition established a record in 1039

i
/
war.”
Wii £ n
vacating the buildings which had housed every branch of its exhibits, administration and entertainments, to make way for arrival of thousands newly recruited soldiers, speculation surrounded its future. And, as ,940 got under way, the question became even more audible: “Is the 61-
7ear-old unbroken pattern to be interrupted ?"
One glance at the big exhibition now would answer any question. To
**y, leadership established In peace time has suddenly become leadership fa wartime. British exhibitors, eager to reach the eyes and ears of Canadian Industries and the Canadian public, have been represented to a greater •xtent than ever before. Government officials proved eager to see the Ebusiness as usual” sign; Canadian industry and commerce are giving leadership through the exhibition’s facilities.
R.C.A.F. QUARTERS THERE
Fortunately, the program of train-tog of Canadian soldiers, which had recruited the wide resources of Ex' tbition Park, provided that men training should not spend the er season in the Toronto area.
Sven before war broke out last year, in the middle of the çxhjÿj-* Come program, officials of the Department of Defence had held conferences with the exhibition directors, had outlined their needs, had received in return the assurance of the exhibition officials that the entire Park and its big buildings would be emptied for their use.
And at that time the Department’s officers stated that they preferred o have no men in the park in summer, but would be moving out to other camps.
As a result, plans for the exhibition this year fit into the program of the military. Royal Canadian Air Force quarters alone now remain to the park, and this is being seized by that colorful branch of the service as an opportunity to e-how bow airmen are trained,
Important exhibit or display of the exhibition roster of wartime presentations. Elsewhere, although tendered sombre by the times, the show follow® the usual patterns.
Much of it is seeking to present to the public the importance of wartime economies and methods of conforming to wartime regulations and practices.
EXCHANGE OF FARM IDEAS
At* an economic factor, the exhibition will fill a more important foie than it did, probably, in peacetime. This is reflected moot vividly to the livestock and agricultural Coheres. Entries for hundreds of Classes (In fact, every class) are •head of previous years and enquiry reveals that this is because agriculture faces new standards and new requirements caused by lovisiou of overseas demands. In bacon-type hogs, for instance, buy-tog of purebred animals promises to be heavy, with study of types of hog-raisers rousing more interest to an In any other year. Thus the exhibition serves as an exchange M ideas and materials which affect Canada's, war effort. In countless Ather departments the same principle is plainly seen.
INTRA-EMPIRE TRADE
Most important the exhibition's
through which Empire plans and Ideas and methods can be seen by Empire citizens. Empire trade has become more vital to Britain's existence. Foreign trade means valuable exchange for purchasing war needs. This has been the theme of British exhibitors in their discussions with exhibition officials, and tt is obviously their goal in the quickened interest they have now shown in the exhibition this year.
To exhibition officials and directors 1940 has become a year for greater service. They hope the exhibition will play its greatest role this year.
m
j
6.
Would Drive British Out
The Japanese parliament voted last week in favor of taking all available and effective measures to drive the “British influences” from East Asia . . . following which Britain announced the withdrawal of troops from the Shanghai area; along with forces from northern China they were sent “elsewhere” (to Hong Kong and Singapore, presumably) ... in London Chinese Ambassador Quo Tai-Chai received a sympathetic hearing when he asked for Bi i-tish assistance in preventing complete penetration of French IndoChina by Japan (Britain fears that once Japan has a strong-foothold in Indô-China she cannot be ousted from the French colony, but will instead expand her activities into Siam and possibly into British ‘Burma) . . .
U. S. Senate Split
tor

of
r,
V
t
Hi
i





i
See how the henry., the Arm#, the Air Force ere being supported by the whole Dominion—industries, sciences, sericulture, women's work. Adraoathiitlos of C*t.ida at War.


!
EXHIBITION
PROGRAM
m


\
m
¦<: -•
v
i
I
23rd FRIDAY—Opening Day-First official public appear-of Earl of Athlcne. SATURDAY—Warriors*
Children's
nri to
k a
L.
24

26th MONDAY Day.
27th TUESDAY—Automotive Day.
28h WEDNESDAY
Products & Merchants Day.
29th THURSDAY — Women*», Music and Art Day.
30th FRIDAY
Graphic Arts Day.
- _j SATURDAY—Manufact.
urers*, Athletic and Floral Day.
2nd MONDAY—Labour Day.
3rd TUESDAY—International and Service Clubs.
4th WEDNESDAY -turists* Day.
5th THURSDAY—Transportation and Commercial Travellers’ Day.
6th FRIDAY
view.
7th SATURDAY Day.
Famed throughout the wor d is the big Goldman Band from the United States. Playing ouch night from the modern outdoor Band Shell yew ho## it without charge.

In the United States Senate debate continued on peacetime compulsory military training. That body was split on the question, and President Roosevelt’s Administration faced the hardest fight since the days of the Supreme Court contest . . . The two major political parties were seen warm-nig up for the November election and clearing the decks for action; the broadcasting companies were preparing to allow Wendell L. Willkie to “fireside-chat” as well as Franklin D. Roosevelt . . . Disturbed by Japan’s “Greater East Asia” policy, the U. S. appeared during the week to be seeking friendlier relations with Soviet Russia, signing a new trade pact;—Moscow, on the other hand had some interesting things to say about the United States: that the U. S. is preparing to occupy the western hemisphere colonies of European nations as a prelude to armed intervention in the war, and that the war in Europe has actually increased A n g 1 o-American cross-purposes with the United States trying to exclude Britain as well as other competitors from South American markets and England turning toward compromise with Japan eue

Food
f

Vi
à


Pres» and
'
*6*
y
i

s
.
31st

mm
S
ElsSSlligllSESi
he declares the 1940 Canadian National Exhibition open.
Agricul-
Dlrect from the San Franc'aco
World's Fair, line! presented
through the courtesy of International Business Machines . "Art of 79 Countries”—an Impressive contemporary show-
• •
Livestock Re-Citizens1
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
It forma

i

“THE BATTLE OF BRITAIN” BEGINS IN REAL EARNEST

Heat Wave Hatched Chick Inside Cabinet
Farmer John Start, of Goldsboro, N. S., could not account for the plaintive peeping coming from somewhere in the house and he knew he hadn’t any baby chicks. But when he opened a door to a cabinet, out hopped a chick. He says the heat wave hatched one of the eggs stored there.
‘The Last Obstacle”
Mallory Browne, Christian Science Monitor correspondent in London, called the new turn of events “a sort of interim phase of the war” during which, while Hitler and Mussolini continue their attempt to organize the conquered portion of the Continent, they prepare more drastic action against the remaining European obstacle to their, domination of
Britain and its em-
The Battle of Britain began last week, less than two months after the capitulation of France. Èach day, wave after wave of German planes crossed the Channel to bomb England; eadi day, hordes of British planes soared to battle with the enemy.
Whether or not actual invasion by German land forces was shortly to follow remained the big question of the hour. Military experts were in disagreement. Watching the targets at which the German bombs were aimed— advanced bases of the Royal Air Fosce, and strong British coastal
positions the Nazis could be planning anything from a simple attempt to break British civilian morale, up the scale to an all-out air' attack on the country as a whole which would precede or coincide with the attempted invasion by sea.
Would Isolate Britain!
Duke Ellington, Tommy Doraey, Jimmy Dorsey, Sammy Kaye, Eddie Duchin, AX and Bob Harvey with their Canadian Coster Band, head the list of big time dance bands that will be featured In «hie year's vast, ccol Dance Pavilion. Don't imise them.
-n
m
i
%

400,000,000 Questions
Back home in the Dominion, eight million Canadians were getting ready to answer four hundred million questions during national registration week . . . members of the House of Corn-
holiday, but the Government, among other pressing matters, was occupied with the problem of Western wheat growers forced by lack of elcvat-
to store on their farms
Aik fa BEEHIVE

the world

m.
pne.
4
Farther south, Mussolini appeared to be coming into his own first-class trouble-maker. All signa pointed to an early grab at Greece’s Adriatic coast, and perhaps a try for a slice of Yugoslavia.
charged that Greece was supplying oil, planes and other material to Great Britain; that it was cruelly oppressing Albanian minorities in the country). In Africa, Italian forces, spun out from far-off supply bases, moved slowly deeper into British Somaliland, engaged in sharp conflict
#
as a
.11
they declared that
mo ns were on
A brilliant presentation of latest advances in the automotive industry including « preview of many 1941 modèle.
ni
(The Italian Government
V
or space
the bulk of this year’s harvest fa cash advance to farmers was be. Hon. C. D.
$
&

however, le role as a focus

ing considered) .
Howe, Minister of Munitions and Supply, declared that Canada’s output of planes should reach 300 per month by the end of the . . news came during the
FT

ms

ii

Several neutral commentators of note expressed the opinion that the Nazis’ chief target for the
i Britain’s sea-borne (ports, docks, ship-


were
with the British defenders of Berbers, Somaliland capital.
One off the most brilliant and daring Horse She we on the continent. Many special feature», harness and hunter classes.
present was commerce • yaidf, harbors, ships and convoys bombed) ; and that the Nazi
o
year .
week that thousands more British children seeking safety from the war zone might be expected to arrive on our shores in the next few months . . .
Criticism of the Hepburn program to place boy students on farms and set back the date of school openings in Ontario to September 36 was so widespread that the provincial government
Surprise For Italians
That the R. A. F. could spare sufficient planes to bomb many strategic points in Itply and to intensify the air attacks on Germany, came as an unpleasant surprise to Fascists and Nazis alike last week. They were obliged to realize that the R. A. F. was able not only to cope with the German
wt re
objective was to blockade Britain, isolate it, weaken it by destroying its commerce and its contait? with the Empire and the world, starve it into submission if possible, or in any case weak-it by battering its ports and tlr.<res and breaking up its lines of naval communication.
4.Si

J

4 si

B
w*

en
e
Women's war worii tlramatiiedi in a huge Red Croce Exhibit. Learn there how you too can help the national effort.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Racket Buster
that's two cents J
X PUT IK THERE./f* WHATS THIS - A
WHATS THE MATTER WITH THIS DARN 1 THING ? NO CUPS . S WILL COME OUT/1
I
l
I CAN J STAND JEST 50
SUCH/
I
y
9>
s
O

sN^IMCKCT?
I
ov
t
¦4

it (
I
Fi>
%
%
r
i
*
> O

V
i
5
«
# i
xV



ê
JA

j}
/
t


I

y

•* #

8
I
¦


I

6
I

11
1-15
!
I
"S

4iM|
SV O**
1
> W
i
7T Pm* <*WW* A4>	X'rf* ’ ¦ -<
i
###PAGE###7###
3 Million Women Do 85 Per Cent, of
Buying in Canada
Beaux In Albums Look Pretty Silly
T
,yy.
T
VVherever
you 9°-
try it the "SALADA" way
Infuse 6 heaping teaspoons of Salad» Black lea in a pint of fresh, boiling water After 6 minutes strain liquid into 2-quart container/ while hot, add 1 to 1# cups of sugar and juifce of 2 lemons, strained; stir until sugar is dissolved; fill container with cold water. Do not allow tea to cool before adding cold water or liquid will become cloudy. Serve with chipped ice. The above makes 7 tall glasses.
A
A

L
B
e •
Belles in 1840 Photographs Come Off Much Better—All Have Their Conventional Poses
K
L
So Merchandising Experts As Members of Women’s Organizations in Dominion They Are Being Accorded Special Representation at the 1940 C.N.E.
S
E
m?
Say


FF

? %
On looking through a family album which, Ï suppose, must date back to the eighteen forties or fifties, I have to admit that the ladies whose photographs arc included out with vastly more credit

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Peaches and Cream —Then More Peaches

m
A




Three and a half million Canadian women members of 30 women's organizations with affiliations in cities, towns, and villages in every section of Canada, are being accorded special representation at the Canadian National Exhibition this year.
These three million women, the merchanising experts say, do 85 per cent, of all the buying in Canada. As such, their opinions are not to be taken lightly or their whims easily set aside. Their articulate representatives are comprised of 91 women’s editors on daily papers from Halifax to Vancouver, and scores of ladies of the press, feature writers, cookery experts, magazine editors, and the like.
those famous in history
This being the day of the woman, librarians in the city of Toronto thought it would be well to focus
some women mous
well known through the medium of
com e
than the gentlemen, says a writer in the Manchester Guardian, may be that their costumes
picturesque, but some of their superiority is due to the fact that they seem less self-conscious in their posing, and are on the whole attractive in every way. THE ONE POSE All the men are posed in the «âme way. They lean stiffly on a pillar with one bent elbow, and the legs are crossed. And their trousers crinkled. There is not a vestige of the modern razor-edged crease. One of their major difficulties was what to do with their hats.
The ladle* are partial to tables and books. They open the book the book and point to some favorite passage, whilst looking all the time at the camera. If there is a married couple, the wife sits by the table, whilst the husband stands, with the legs crossed, by her side with one hand lovingly resting on the shoulder of his wife. The ladies’ costare all by now museum pieces
SESW TEA
It
Dessert planning these days should not be a difficult problem with all the delicious fruit on the market, from which to -choose. Peaches are always one of the most popular. Perhaps that is why something which rates high is called “a peach.”
Served with cream and sugar, peaches that are perfectly ripe and richly flavored are a dish fit for a king. Fresh peach pie and peach shortcake are treats expected by the family each year, now that the peach season is in full swing. Serve these often.
The rest of the dinner should be rather light since either the the shortcake is rather a
2*
are


more
— Wrigley’s Spearmint Gum
is the favorite! Millions enjoy its long-lasting, genuine spearmint flavor. Healthful, delicious, refreshing! Get the good habit of enjoying it after every meal !
HILLS of DESTINY
more
by Agnes Louise Provost
are
.<3
Very deliberately, under Slanty's watching eyes, Stanley drew a wallet from his pocket.
Inspiration had come to Stanley. He had sought a meeting to enlist Slanty (J a no's air In a careful plan to have Lee Hollister and Josefa Ramirez disappear from this part of the country on the same night.
Now the elaborate and perilous plan was thrown aside. Slanty knew something. Stanley's fingers went to the wallet and drew out h thousand dollar hill.
Slanty’s eyes glistened gioedlly.
Stanley watched him narrowly. Slanty was moistening avid Ups with the tip of him tongue. Covetous fingers stole toward the bill. Slanty leaned forward, and whispered, a sly grin showing his discolored
teeth ...
SYNOPSIS
•iagfe
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from hie childhood, is troubled by signs of neglect. Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee’s foster father and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged times. The ranch Is going to ruin and Virginia, Matt’s daughter, is visiting the Archers, her aunt and
Her uncle



i*


pie or
hearty dessert. For instance you might start the meal with tomato juice mixed with a little lemon juice. Then serve broiled or fried fish, with lima beans and a cucumber salad. The market will have to guide you regarding the fish, but we hope it will be brook trout. In preparing, sprinkle the fish lightly with lemon juice, roll mixture of flour and corn-
attention on the exploits of famous in history, those fain to-day’s life being pretty
GET SOME TODAY
hard
by
of most of these will be assembled
In a special display.
Among those whose charm and beauty made historians attentive were Helen of Troy, Cleopatra, Mary Queen of Scots, and Lady Hamilton. The others had qualities which were less memorable them beauty.
the press.
Accordingly, they dug into statistics, reference books, encyclopedias and private opinion and emerged with the following:
The three things for which women became famous in history were, in order of precedence, beauty, power and goodness. They have explanation, they say, why the goodness should be last, but there it is.
BEAUTY, POWER, GOODNESS
Citing statistics, they explain the has been relatively slow in
uncle, In New York, wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradlsh, old associate of Matt’s. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradlsh. Stanley thinks he be able to discredit Lee In Vir-
urnes
and some of them are charming and
others are not.
SPARE HER BLUSHES The Infants are playing with
e plump little
their toys, though customer sits absolutely naked on the kne< s of a mother who is a repliai of Charlotte Bronte.
in a
meal (equal parts) and broil or fry crisp, first on one side then the other. After the fish is the platter sprinkle with salt and pepper.
m
may	,	,
glnia s eyes, and encourages Josefa Ramirez in her liking for Lee. One Josefa forces Lee to watch
on
no
on
JEWELS FOR JOSEFA Stanley did not return directly to the Circle V. Instead he took the trail to that small huddle of adobe buildings, the Ramirez ranch I to.
Too Much Suntan Harmful To Looks
evening
her dance, and throws herself Into his arms just as Virginia rides past with Stanley.
Finds Untidiness Impairs Efficiency
PEACH PIE
10 perfectly ripe peaches, 3 I eggs, 1 cup sugar, % cup flour, I 3 tablespoons butter, 2 table- I spoons butter, % teaspoon salt,
3 tablespoons water.
Scald the peaches, slip off the skins and cut in halves. Sift salt I and flour and work in lard or butter or equal quantities of each. It is best to work in with pastry blender. Add water (very cold) a few drops at a time, cut- ± ting it in with a broad bladed knife. Shape into a round flat cake, roll on a lightly floured borad, roll into a sheet. Fit into a nine inch pan, which has been greased. Pink the edges and fill with the peach halves cut side up. Beat eggs until light, add sugar and a sprinkle of nutmeg; pour over peaches and bake in a hot oven for 12 minutes. Reduce heat and cook until peaches are tender, about 30 minutes longer.
PEACH SHORTCAKE
2	cups pastry flour
3	teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon salt
5 tablespoons butter or lard \ cup milk 10 peaches *4 teaspoon nutmeg Sift flour once; measure and add baking powder and salt; sift again into mixing bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender; add milk, cutting in with broad handled knife. Turn on to a slightly floured board and knead very lightly with the tips of the fingers, which must be well floured. Divide dough into halves and roll gently into two rounds not more than Ms inch thick. Fit one
woman
emerging from obscurity. Of the 25 billion people who have seen the light of day since the beginning of the world, only 5,000 have been important enough to be celebrated In histories, encyclopedias, and “Who's Who”. Of these 5,000, only 200 were Biographies and histories
“Employees who keep their desks and filing cabinets neat and clean are more efficient workers than those who labor amid last week's unanswered mail, drawers stuffed with last year’s clippings and a general air of cluttered confusion,” an executive said the other day in an interview with Alicia Hart, beauty columnist.
He explained that energy is wasted in looking for items which should have been filed. He pointed that one who is surrounded by disorder has a more difficult time planning work and doing it with a minimum of effort than one who works in a tidy atmosphere.
When he arrived there was no sign o>f life about the house.
There was movement, quickly stilled, on the slope back of him, hut Stanley did not see it. There other movement much nearer,
CHAPTER XVI Stanley Bra dish might be a less young idler, hut he had plenty of natural shrewdness. Several different things had aroused his curiosity since he had come here, and chief among them were the activities of Lawler and Slanty Gano.
Damages Beauty In Many Cases:	Expert Says Some
Women Are Allergic to It
USe-
It really isn't smart to suntan to excess. Not only do the doctors say that, but the beauty experts too* this year. Too much tan is out.
“It’s a case of some folk being allergic to sunshine,” says Ann De-lafield, a New York beauty director. She thinks sun has caused more damage to beauty than anything else in recent years.
IT DRIES THE SKIN
“No woman over 25 should sun tan from the neck up,” is Miss De-lafield’s admonition. That's because sun dries the skin, resulting in wrinkles. She adds that any women who is more than 40 who sun-tans her body is adding three years t» her looks.
if you still want tan, it’s well to sun only about five minutes on your back and five minutes in front each clay. The rest of the day stay out of the direct sunlight. Wear s large sun hat, carry a gay parasol or wear a good-looking beach robe.
was
and a flash of color as Josefa sat behind the rock, where she had
women.
up
been curled like a kitten.
More than once he had seen a significant glance pass between Vlr ginia’s foreman and the Ill-favored individual who made a slouching pretense of running the Rancho Coball os for its non-resident owner.
A few days after the fire he rode from blazing sunshine Into the dim seclusion of a little canyon with a breath of relief. There was a little rocky pool about halfway down, fed by a silver thread of waterfall, and here Slanty Gano was Just rising from a copious drink.
“How d’you do? Pretty hot out
there.”
“Oh—hello, beautiful!” He then wheeled and caught sight of her. “Hiding on me, were you?”
Josefa shrugged shoulder. ' I been here.* she said
coldly.
His hand slipped Inside his coat and came out with a velvet case. Josefa'a eyes flashed and then «list-
round into a well greased round 9-inch dish and brush with softened butter. Put remaining dough top and bake in hot oven for 20 minutes (400). Reserve some peaches for garnish. Separate halves of shortcake; spread bottom half with softened butter and half of the fruit which has been previously prepared with fruit sugar sprinkling. Put on top, crust down; spread with butter and remaining peaches. Garnish with whipped cream and sliced peaches, and serve with or without sugar and cream.
Next week a discussion on canning peaches, jellies and conserves.
a disdainful
on
i
ened.
Shu had meant to he very angry with Stanley. But the case was a* beautiful, so richly blue.
CRAC K OF A RIFLE On a bed of gleaming luxury a bracelet lay, shining with
ATTRACTIVE LINES
For The Larger Figure
gorgeous
pale gold glittering with brilliants.
“Do-n’t I rate a kiss for that?”
“Mebbo so.” Josefa sighed happily. “1 put it on first. "
She reached eagerly for beauty, and suddenly froze.
“What's the matter?”
Stanley got no further. Josefa's glance had darted beyond him, her eyes dilating . He heard a quick gasp as she tore herself away from him; she started running like a fleet little animal. Before he could whirl to face danger, the crack

“LET'S MAKE IT HOT" Stanley joined the hulking fig at the pool and dismounted,
lire
cupping both palms under the sil-tbread and drinking from them. “I passed your friend Hollister about a mile back.” Stanley volunteered carelessly. He rides around a good deal, doesn’t he? I should think he'd be settling down to a
fl
ver
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves." Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham-73 West Adelaide Street, Send stamped, self-
ft /
VI
A
MS
Spats on Fire
X
job.'
"He's too busy mindin’ other ihmi-pie's business,” Slanty sneered. And then he grinned knowingly. “Some folks reckon Lee's bangin’ around to settle himself for life at the Circle V. Pretty soft job, hey?” The grin was an offensive leer.
“He may be disappointed,” Stanley said curtly. “He's working against Miss Blair’s interests to pro-
»
%
A man's spats—which had been cleaned with an inflammable compound—caught fire, and another man sprained his wife’s jaw in kissing her. These are two accidents for which claims have been paid by an insurance company at Hartford (Conned but)*

oven
of a rifle and a stinging shock came almost simultaneously.
Stanley, green-eyed with clapped a hand to his shouder and flung himself behind a juniper thicket. Crouching low in its shelter he jerked his head from side to side, peering "to see from what point the attack had come, but
further sound save
v
ers,
Toronto." addressed envelope if you wish
fear.
4

a reply.
I
mote Ills own, and it's time somebody took him in hand. He's giving my father a lot of trouble, too.”
“Trouble's his middle name,” said Slanty sourly. “He eats it.”
“Then why not feed him more of It?” Stanley suggested. “My father and 1 will do a lot more for the men who stand by us than he ever will.”
The cards were on the table now. The two men eyed each other very steadily.
“If Hollister gels what he wants, he is going to give you a bad lime,” Stanley taunted softly. 'He doesn't like you, Gano/'
“Well, why don't you? If you tell It. to the right man It might be very worth while.”
4
/

go/! THAT sane/s
*LptR"BREAKFAST
mm

there was no
hostile reverberations Just
those


a

dying away.
Waiting cracked his nerves. He dodged out and flung himself on hia horse with a groaning curse for the twinge It gave him, and a moment later flying hoofs were carrying him
away.

SB

4
I
him
A

ct>

6
(To Be Continued)

A
Fashion Flashes
Blue chiffon with blue sequins is the wedding gown choice of Margaret Vyner, Australian tress, who supervised Hartnell’s collection in Canada during last summer’s royal visit. The gown is designed in daytime length, full skirted with harem hem. It has a 9-inch wide blue sequin girdle, a gathered bodice and long, bloused sleeves. She is wearing an extremely large blue felt halo, and carrying orchids.
Printed crepe pyjamas are given several variations, as in a vivid yellow, purple and red print, where pyjama;; has attached fuli-length skirt section at the back and in a yellow and white print i dinner pyjama with green sash.

m


\


3344
4*

SIZES 16-50
S
*8

a'-
SHR0®ED
ill
m

By Louise Lennox
WIN4WAR
No matter where you're going, what you expect to do, if you want to be well dressed for all
will make this
W

-1
k. 'iySajig*.1 .rnv^A.
1
W
occasions you
smart dress. It is designed with the larger	figure	in	mind
soft pleats	“give"’	in	action	ye:
keep the lines of your silhouette slim. The slash yoke at the smooth fitting shoulders and the buttons down the front are fashion points that make	this dress fluttering
to you aitd so easy to wear. Print- | ed tilk or	rayon	is	pretty	and
practical for all summer long.
Style No. 3344 is designed for ' 1C, 36, 38, 40, 42. 44, 46,

9
*
The
V

IÜPEI
«
b

Z
1%
STAMPS
0u*
WFm

m
v\v

A
-

ndtu


•V A
x-1-;

A
*

«y


X .
Two Nabisco Shredded Wheat, with milk and fruit, is o breakfast that is not only mighty good to taste but full of balanced novrithmant. This simple mtol actually contains throe Vitamin» (A and C), Calcium, Phosphorus, Iron, Proteins end Carbohydrates—eight vital food elements m one delicious dishful I . . . Health authorities recommend whole grain coreo/s os an essential ''protective” food. Nabisco Shredded Wheat is 100% pure who/e wheat—serve it regularly—and get real nourishment for your food dollar.
THI CANADIAN IMBEDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD., N.agora Pells, Conode

•Mr*#
>X
Z*.


-r-

vv
*

*
MM
«•
WA
•y-


*

sizes
48 and ol). Size 36 requires SK yards of 39-intM material.
Send twenty cents (coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Boom 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Re sure to state size you wi*h.


D
Pussy Rings The Bell
!
f
r LOOK ^ FOR THIS FAMILIAR PACKAGE AT YOUR FOOD X STORE y
Jim, a 14-month-old black ami white cat, sometimes acts as bellringer
Nunhead, England. He rings the hell by himself, and docs so with sense of rhythm.
at St. Catherine’s Church,
ISSUE 34—'40
i
MADE IN CANADA-OF CANADIAN WHEAT
B
a
###PAGE###8###


.... » Kl«, H..K I	Card ofThanks
####:#
r,','o“= XiSTr'K j Cotton Hull. Repo.itory
can. If they did the world today Qf Vast Future Fortunes
i-y iKd .;r,d .rsn. >, b. -w.,.,d ......
I g^D-*r«Si1SS£';5	g.^»'ÆÏ'lS I Artificial E«r*qo.k« Now
mm. wm w3®
ing company.	seed is hull and half is kernel, so Guinea. By~exploding dyna-
osn^Vioia.	pÉSSi
From many of the prairies of in- ’retain short fibers or	ma- ter.	*	.	. I Unto the premises of the undersigned
IB*
sr.-raffett w -
lissiitiiF tes
dred clerks and statisticians are Housewife Leads Students other day.	„
busv in the Bureau of Statistics Finishing high school 15 years be- ..stay as feminine as you can, classifying cards.	| hind her class, after she gave it up Lhe advised. “A man is Quicker
for marriage and a business career, accept an attractive woman as a . Jewell Grimes, senior in Mar- competitor. He’ll forgive a woman ion township high school, has been more readily for beating him—if she notified that she placed first among .g good-i0oking	,
several thousand students in a na- A succeSsful artist as well as a The following were among the tional contest in bookkeeping.	flier Mrs Davis practices the phi-
floral tributes to the late Mr. John | Mrg Grimes’ instructor, R. L. 4 hy she preaches. Comely and
Havlin, whose funeral was held on | Qallegly, was notified of her award partly dressed, she looked more Thursday afternoon to St. Mat	the Business Education World L.k a screen star than a pilot who
Napoleon Cka.e. .	V« S", MWS.%%
The death o^red nt Sacred completed the four-year course m exception 0f the giant transoceanic
iPfS? mmm
Napoleon Chabot.	ship with curved,	clothes or makeup^	. .
He is survived by Ins wife, the decks and pill box gun batteries is “Women, when they compete with
former Miss Inez Daoust, of lbeing discussed by the navy s de- men in occupations usually consid-
Quyon ; hit parents ; five brothers signers as a way of offsetting the ; ered masculine, often ‘go masculine
Telesphore, Henry, Frank, Alex «.temporary advantage*’ now held | in their clothes,M she observed dis-
aSAaLSMa'’Æ0 vs&fSk-
mmm®
Boldin, Prri K.rt K„.	X'wti", t, S«	good ...
exploding bombs kill personne.. man to succeed—they ve got to be
SH A WVILLE FAIR silence guns and disrupt commune better And, above all, they've got
Qfi/* w	cations on the exposed tops.de of ^ keep attractive
Sept. 19, 20 and 21 vessels.
Cemetery Memorials
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble

New Fall Suits New Fall Hats
Latest Shades and Styles.
Forsyth Dress Shirts
Coloured Stripes and White.. **,6S
The Forsyth “Country Club" Shirts
The best shirt on the market
McGregor Hose
Specially Priced at......

Before Buying Elsewhere
from

Get Our Prices
A large and distinctive Stock to choose
>
s
Phone.278
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.

Instal Positive Fencing
$2.25
• •
HOWARD BROWN, R. R. No. 2, Shawville, Que
Mots.
?
%
Phone. 9 -25
%
STRAYED
û
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
>
h
I

JOHN D. RUSSELL,
Bristol, Que
Phone, 23-2
s
Mr
County L. 0. L
two o’clock Sept. 1-
Rev. A. ^ message.
O. Y\B. and L.O.L ,...	- t
Rex FORD W IL80N, C. M., NoRVAL KlLGOUR, R. Sec.
IL
GÛTT^pêRCHÏ
the

l
<
<5>‘

»
V.
à
*
T7
/
J
V
%
RENFREW FAIR
September 10, 11, 12	13, 1940
Take note of these dates now,
because you are
The best and largest midway that has
Fair will be on hand
Splendid night performance
Spectacular Acts
in for a big time been to Renfrew
Mrs
Floral Tributes to the Late John Havlin
ever
Of Novelty, Musical and
Big Stock Show and Sale of Exhibited Cattle
Real Trials of Speed
Vi


of the fastest Horses in Eastern and Quebec will be on nand to
Some Ontario thrill you.
for $800.00 War Saving Certificate
of September 11, 12 and 13
Big Draw
On the evenings
SPECIAL SALES
«'	r.;'; cr v:
shop in the mornings and go to the Fair in the
During the mornings Renfrew Merchants will put on
in anything you need, afternoons and evenings
I, “that so field. I tell
she said
Arrange to
Make it a real Holiday
