###PAGE###1###




h
I
:Z
$1.50 per annum in Advance 2.00 to the UnitecStates
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MAY 16, 1940
No. 47, 57th Year
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Bristol Busy Mees Institute* will meet in the basement of Bristol Memorial Church on Friday after noon, May 17th, at 2 90 o’clock. Program—-An address on Agriculture, by the Agronomist, Mr. N. A. Drummond, Roll call— Exchange of plants or bulbs. Each member is requested to bring a friend.
9ha wville United Y. P. 17. • will present their three act comedy drama “Meet the Medicine MarV’ in the Theatre on Friday, May 17, at 8 o'clock, p. ra. This drama is one of the best entertainment vehicles that this group of young people have used and its humor and ludicrous situations aught to be highly enjoyed. The play centers around the experiences of a rather doubtful travelling medi cine show, led by their pompous manager, Major Bragg. A good orchestra will supply music for the evening. Prices oty.admission, 25 and 15 cents.
The Ladies Guild of Holy Trinity Church, Radford, will hold a sale of food and fancy work at the stoie of Est. M. G. Howard, on Saturday, May 18, from 3.00 to 7.00
p m.
The Junior Girl’s Guild of St. Paul’s Church, Shuwville, are presenting two short plays at Radford Parish hall on Thursday evening, May 23rd, and again at Shawville Theatre hall on Thursday evening, May 30th. Titles of the plays are, “No Men Admitted and “The Little Bluffer."
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
Dr. Cyril McDowell, of Toronto, spent the week-end with relatives in tow n.
Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, ?pent the week end at the home of her daughter. Mrs. J. P. Wilson.
Miss Florian Brough, R. N , of Ottawa, accompanied by Miss Doris Dooley, was a Sunday guest at her parental home.
Miss Lillian Wickens, of Hull, was a week end guest at the home of her parents, Mr, and Mrs. John Wickens, Clarendon Front.
Mrs. Richard Pentland and little daughter, Letitia, of Ottawa, were week end guests of her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Wellington Smart.
Mr. Cliff Watchorn and-sister,
Miss Mildred, ot Montreal, were recent visitors at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Victor Findlay, Radford.
In the degree lists of Queen’s University, appears the name of Lors Carlson, formerly of Bristol, but now a resident of Kingston,
Ont.
Messrs. Douglas Campbell and Bruce Horner, who have been attending Macdonald College have returned to their homes for the Summer vacation.
Mr. Ted Reid, who has been attending Theological College, Mont real, arrived last week to spend the Summer vacation with his mother, Mr*. E. Reid.
Mrs. Gordon Barber* and little soil, of Sudbury, Ont., are visiting at the home of her parent*, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Cuthbertson and other relatives in this district.
Mrs. Herman Lester Greenwood, Mr. and Mr*. Percy Lester and Mr. Howard Lester, were Sunday guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Turrieff.
Harold P. Pokes, son of Rev. A.
F. Pokes, received word on Monday, that he had been successful in his recent exams at Queens University, Kingston, and has won his Bachelor degree in Arts.
The degree will be presented on Friday at the annual convocation of the University.
Rev. L. Emard, of Otter Lake, and Messrs. Nor va 1 Kilgour and Rexford Wilson, were delegate* from this district attending the annual sessions of the Provincial Grand Orange Lodge at Lachute
during the pa*t week, Mr. Ernaid, Pioneer group uf the C. G I. T. Grand Chaplain, delivered the ser- ^f the United fchurch during the mon at the special service in the	week hâve fittingly célébrât-
Lachute t mted Church on Satu.', ^he 25th anniversary of the day-	i founding of their association in
Canada.
I On Monday the girls entertained to afternoon tea the mystery mothers who have held them under their secret care for the
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest^nd most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
FISHING TACKLE
See Our Stock Of
High Grade Fishing Tackle
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING, President
C G I T. Preaent Pageant at Worship Service
Hooks, Lines, Rods, Reels,
Metal Lines, Fly Hooks, Bate Boxes, Artificial Bates, Fly Repellants, Landing Nets, Baskets, etc.
In the United Church on Sunday night, the C.G.l.T. held a service in continuation of the 25th anniversary observance. The service was in charge of Miss Ina McDowell, who was assisted in the worship service by Misses Margaret Dagg, Or in a Smiley and Laura Harris.
During the evening a pageant “the challenge of the world to our girls " was given. ' Tlwse representing various women’s occupations in this pageant were Marilyn Carson, Cheslyn Horner, Jessie
Armstrong, Lorna Tracy, Isobel Currie Mills, Shirley Sly, Shirley Homer, Jean McDowell, Ella Howard and Isobel Smart.
A quintette was sung by five girls, Jean McKay, Ruth Hodgins, Claire Rennick, Marjorie Smart
and Beverly Harris.
An address was given to the gills by Rev. A. F. Pokes on “Running well the race."
In the Shawville L G I T. there (10 girls, their leader is Mrs. AIL Draper. .
JAMES A. MILLAR
B .A. .L. L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
- 129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
?
Rev. Thos E. Armstrong Dies at Wainwright, Alberta
Relatives in this district receiv ed word on Saturday night of the death at Wain wright, Alberta, of Rev, Thomas E. Armstrong.
Rev. M ^Armstrong was born in Clarendon township, near Green Lake, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. John G. Armstrong. No details of the death have been re* cieved.
u
I
National Cement Always in Stock
GET OUR PRICES

HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC


Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
1
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Miss Thompson Honoured
On Monday evening. May a social evening was spent at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Elliott, by the Zion community in honor of Miss Melissa Thompson.
At the close of the evenings activities Mr. Lawrence Barber read a suitable address and Mr. Emery Elliott presented her with a beautiful mantle chime clock from the community.
The bride-to-be. although taken by surprise, thanked all friends.
The Women's Association having met at the same time took this occasion to present the bride elect, one ot their members, with a rose and gold bed throw. Mi«s Hazel Elliott read the address and Miss Laura Barber made the présenta-
behalf of the Women s i. Miss Thompson ex pressed her thanks to the members.
C. G. I T Observe 25th Anniversary
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
are
Mrs. W
Red Cross Clinics for Bristol
FENCING
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Ou May 20th, the Junior lied Cross of the Province of Quebec is opening Eye, Ear, Nose and 1 m oat Clinics fAr the school children ol Bristol, Kazabazua, A>lwin, Dan-
ford Lake and vicinity.	.
Last /October, similar clinics were held by this organization for the children of Shawville and vicinity! 521 children coming
from 22 schools were examined by
Dr. J V. V. Nicholls, B. A , M.Se,. M 1)., C. M , specialist oil the staff of the Royal Victoria Hospital.
Recommendations of treatment
were sent to the parents and every effort made by the School Boards and teachers to see that they were carried,out. A number of children from needy homes, not eligible for care through the Government, were given hospital care or provided with glasses by the Junior Red Cross, while the remainder ol these cases nfe being cared for
that roads are

B.A., L.L.B
?
-Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
a
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday, on request
Matters dealt with byîcorrespondence
‘Stelco’ Copper Bearing Fencing
tion .on
Association
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2—2219
:
188 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay

t
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Canada’s Best
Limited quantity at these
s
s

s
Two Arnpnor Men Hart When Auto Overturns
this spring, now once	open,
3o successful were these clinics that requests have been received for similar service in other parts of the Province. The Junior Red Cross Committee feel that any expenditure in this connection is well justified. Not only because of the remedial work accomplished, but because of the interest which is aroused in the community in guarding those i sions of sight and hearing.
Once again the services of Dr. Nicholls have been secured. The Department» of Education and Health have endorsed the proj Inspector G. A. McArthur and the Junior Red Cross Teacher Direct are doing the prelirainaiy work while the School Hoards of Bristol, Onslow South, Alleyn, Ayl win No. 1, Ca wood, Nor thud d and Wright, Northfield Centre, Low South and Bowman and Denholm and the Pontiac and kazaba-zua Women's Institutes are also cooperating in arranging the daily attendance. Mayor Me-Lelland, of Bristol, has given the Junior Red Cross the use of the Town Hall for some of the clinics. Provided financial arrangements can he made, the Pontiac County Community Hospital will again look after any cases recommended il and adenoid
D. J. CAMBPELL
prices
«
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
S
Two Arnprior residents were past year seriously injured Sunday after. On Friday night a very success noon on Calumet Hand when ful banquet was held in the bun-their car overturned on a curve, day school room, with about l-o while en route to Bryson from girls and their mothers present. Calumet village. The men Clifford The room and the table was de-Bedard and Wiliuer Bullock, both curated with streamers ot blue and 21 years of age, received head white, the group colors. After a injuries and fractured ribs. Both choice suppei Miss Helen Everett men were brought to Pontiac was toast mistress and introduced Community Hospital, Shawville, a list of speakers. Mrs. r red Hor-where they-were attended by Dr. ner, of Charteris, gave the toast to G. F. C. Powles. It is understood the King, responded to by the the car, driven by Bedard, struck National Anthem. The toast to loose gravel on the road and this the C. G. I. T. was proposed by caused the driver to lose control. Mrs. C. H. MacLean, and respond-Mr. Bedard was sufficiently re ed to by Jean McDowell, of Char-covered to return to his home on teris and Mrs. C. H. Douglas, of Monday, and Mr Bullock was Ottawa, superintendent of Otta-reported to be doing very well on wa Presbytery C.G.l.T. groups Tuesday afternoon.	Orma Smiley, of Starks Corners,
proposed the toa*t to the Church, which was replied to by Rev. A. F. Pokes. The toast to ‘ Our Mothers'* was given by Miss Ina McDowell, with Mrs. Secil Sly making the


Phone 8 I.
il
Dp. R. G. DOCKS

8 Strands, 42 inches high, 16 inch uprights
57 cts. per rod
7 strand s 40 inches high, 22 inch uprights
46 cts. per rod
7 strands, 26 inches high, 6 inch uprights
(Ipg) 38 cts. per rod
18 strands, 48 inches high, (poultry)
55 cts. per rod
Barb Wire 4 pt. 6 inch $4.25 per roll
i
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each w»ek
irecious posses-
ecfc
Dp. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Opening Band Concert Well Attended
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
able musical
response.
During the evening a sing-song was led by Mr. Pokes, a recitation was given by Jessie Armstrong, ami solo* were sung by Mrs. S. E. McDowell and Mrs, Alex. Horner, and at the close the Group leader, Mrs. A. Draper made an address of thanks to all who had helped.
of the most enjoy entertainments to b-Shawville for some years was the opening concert by Shawville Hoys' Band, under the direction of Mr. W. H	Finlay son, at the
Theatre hall on Tuesday evening of last week, •
Many of those in the large and-fence, which included musican guests from all over the district, amazed by the accomplish
One
<
e given m
$
a
0%. WALLACE J. W. HOGGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.


il and adenoid operations. All examinations will be made free of charge, but each child must
bring an
for ton*
î
ge, out eacn vuuu iuu»v
bring an Examination Consent Form, signed by the father if living, before Dr. Nicholls will make the necessai'ÿ investigation.
As the cost of these clinic* is being met by the Junior Red Cross, only children who are members of the organization can attend.
If satisfactory information is provided, the Junior Red Cross will finance hospital treatment and provide glasses for indigent
children.
Clinics have been arranged as follows
On May 20, 21 and 22 children from School No. 1, Bristol i School No. 2, Maryland ; School No. 3, Wyman ; School No. 4, Bristol Ridge; School No. 5, Bristol Mines; School No. 0, Wyman ; School No. 7, Quyon ; School No. D, Maryland; School No. 10, McKee and School No. 1, Wyman, will be examined in the Bristol Town Hall.
Children in the Gatineau district will be examined May 23.24 and 25.
It is hoped that transportation to and from the clinics will be ar ranged locally.
Addresses Horse Breeders
Mr. Geo. Muir, Dominion animal husbandman, Ottawa, was the special speaker at the annual spring stallion show on Friday under the auspices of the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1 Mr. R W. Oliver, landscape architect, Dominion Experimental Farm, Ottawa, supervised the planting of a large number of trees on the exhibition grounds.
>

were
meets of the young musicians.
All numbers were well received and the Band made a decided hit with their rendition of the “Beer Harrell Polka" (without music) and “Trombone Toboggan" which featured trombonists Earl Garret y and Buddy Hines. The cornet duet by George Reid and John Brough and a baritone solo by Ronnie Masson were also much
appreciated.
Finlayson delighted the two cornet solos,


BELAIR 3 267

H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Brace Wire
Nails
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING 180 METCALFE STREET
Steeples
ONT
OTTAWA.
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
PHONE, 2-7861
Ml
l
patrons wit	, „	, 14 .
“Carnival of Venice and A Dream.” Miss Finlayson, sister of the director, was the piano accompanist for the program,
Mr. Ernest E vrai re, of Ottawa, filled in the intermissions with clever feats of magic.
Following the concert a meeting was held when Di. 8. E. McDowell re-elected president of thr
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA, ONTARIO
SCIENTIFIC EYE EX AMIN AT10 NS
Speolallstson *11 Visual and Muscular Eye Defect,
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
leg. Optometrist
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt*d
Quebec
Shawville

was	m l
Hand, and executive committee increased by several interested citizens with Mr Basil Foreman a= secretary.
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Reg. Optometrist


>
i
###PAGE###2###
Port Elgin Hu Best All-Round Paper In Ontario Towns Under 1,500
_L
k :
E
OVERSEAS
NEWS
VOICE



fewl


OF THE
:
mp
PRESS


PARADE


\
i




V
.Vï


BLAME IT ON SPRING
It la hard to tell where spring fever leaves off and laziness begins. — Kitchener Record.


*
I
/
ffl
i
Last week, reading between the lines was the favorite pastime of war*interested people in this part of the world. Hearing rumors that the Allies were having a tough time of it in Norway, many Canadians •ought to pierce the- veil of censorship by buying U, S. papers, or rushing to their radios every time an American commentator came on the air. They wanted to know what was behind the obvious dissatisfaction in British parliamentary , circle* with the conduct of the Norwegian campaign. Was Germany winning? To look at the map was helpful, but not enough to clarify an obscure situation.
Sir Archibald Sinclair, Liberal . (M.P. in the British House, was outspoken : “The Government must take vigorous measures and determined action in Norway, or remaining neutrals will climb on the Ger-a*n bandwagon." Further, “If the Government muddled in this Norwegian campaign it will be for Parliament to act objectively, fearlessly and resolutely as the grand inQuest of the nation."
FOURTH WEEK BEGINS At the end of the third week of the war in Norway, the German High Command claimed that Oslo and Trondheim had been linked by Nasi columns, that Bombas, strategic rail junction, had been captured, giving the Nazis control of the main railway line from the Norwegian capital to Trondheim. The Allies, while admitting withdrawal in several sectors, still commanded the approaches to northern Norway; held the important ports of Namsos and Andalanes ; and were successfully landing reinforcements of men and supplies, together with much-needed anti-aircraft guns.
NAZIS IN SWEDEN
A German attack on Sweden seemed much less imminent last week, althd\igh huge sums were appropriated for defense purposes by the Swedish government. In some Quarters it was thought that Adolf Hitler could get Sweden's Iron and her arsenal, immobilize her Army and her Navy, without firing a shot er crossing a frontier uninvited. It Is well-known that there are the kings of an excellent Nazi “fifth column’’ in Sweden, a Nazi network •f friends dhd propaganda that penetrates every corner of the country.
ITALY'S NECESSITY
During the week Italy gave new aigus of being ready to create a serious nuisance; as a precautionary measure, then, the British Government ordered all British shipping out of the Mediterranean. A Jfcsclst spokesman declared it “impossible for a country like Italy to remain indefinitely out of the present war." Walter Lippman on this side of the Atlantic said: “A Nazi victory, obtained without Italian help, would be supremely dangerous for Italy. Therefore, Italy’s only chance to save anything from* this desperate situation is to join the Germans if they are winning, to join them before it is too late to eontrlbute anything important to the Nazi victory, yet not too soon to be fatally hurt by the Ail fee."
CANADIAN WAR-WEEK »
At home In Canada, it was an eventful week. Quebec women won a victory when a law was passed
Fl
A. - ;
Z





*ÜSÉ:
6
WE ARE NOT ALONE
It did not take Canada long to demonstrate that It has officials who can open their mouths and put their feet in them with all the ease of an American diplomat. — Buffalo Evening News.
*


9



*»
$122 sends 300
CIGARETTES or

m
ar
I
%
BRIER SMOK NO MACDONALD'S FINE LUIS
II
1 lb. Tobacco
or ony
(with papin) to any Canedhm Soldier In Greet Britain or Err „
THE UNSOLVED PROBLEM
It has been decreed that children must attend school until they are 16. but as yet there has been no decision as to what to do with them when they get through school. — St. Catharines Standard.
Moll Order and Remittance tc —
OVERSEAS DEFARTMEN1
W. C. MACDONALD INC ,
Rax 192?, Plaça d*Armes Montreal, Canada
Thlt altar	b wy chse|i '* Gi raiment ’.:-?«tule*i
i
N


. TO-DAYS NEW WORDS
Words have their days of favor. A little while ago we were "scuttling" everything. Lately "fifth column" as a term for subversive elements has had a heavy play. Now "quisling" as a synonym for treachery, has the support of the London Times — derived, of course, from The name of the infamous Norwegian who tried to set up a puppet government In Norway to s 'rve the Germans. — Ottawa Journal.
CODDLING CODFISH Canada has imported an average of 337,000 gallons of cod liver oil annually for the past five years. The Atlantic cod fisheries last year produced about 60,000 gallons. Canada falls far short of producing enough for her own requirements. Yet, it is estimated that Canada can produce from 300,000 to 400,000 gallons of the oil annually. Here then Is a condition that cries, for remedy. Our production should be far greater even in normal times. — Halifax Chronicle.


t
i
Ing ranks of Toronto Mapi»- l.eafs to the role of "goodwill n.vD.iaati-dor" of the National Hock league club.
"He’ll make speeches for Cv, gen era 11 y go places and ring -oi key doorbells for us," Smythe i \ld.
PLAYED 11 SEASON*
Horner, who played will’ lb* Leafs for 11 seasons, led l u> league in penalties for seven years la a row. One of the game’s mint colorful players, ho never play «I for a professional club other tb.m the Maple Leafs after jumping to them from Toronto junior amateur ank*. He is 32.
\


à





g
....«..	— OP
Mr. L.C. Thompson of Lucknow, RIGHT, receives from Mr. J. W. G. Clark of Toronto the J. T. Clark Memorial Trophy for best all-round newspaper in towns of 1,500 or under. Mr. Thompson is seen accepting trophy for Hugh Ferguson, publisher of the Port Elgin Times, winner of the competition, at the an-pual convention of its Ontario-Quebec division, Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association.
the
Weekly Editors Attend
Convention At Windsor
are cut and the shock is severe. Half a pail of water after setting out is not too much for such big things, and the watering should be repeated two or three times a week, if a quick start is wanted.
With ordinary annuals and perennials liberal watering is also advisable and shelter from hot sun for the first few days. Some pickup In the way of quickly available commercial fertilizer, carefully applied, will help at this time, merely a pinch for small things like tomato plants or asters, and perhaps up to a couple of handfuls for shrubs and trees.
Mfa BEE HIV/E
Record Number of Ontario-Quebec Newspapermen Present at Successful Two-Day Session Era, Elected President —
substantial
— Andrew Hebb, of Newmarket Lucknow Man Wins Trophy For Best Paper in Town Less Than 1,500 Populati

of wet or dry fly.
TURLE KNOT
This is one of the simplest and one of the safest knots used for attaching eyed flies to nylon fishing leaders. It is easy to tie and ia as good for the smallest dry flies as for the largest salmon and bass flies.
on
9
Largest convention in the history of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association, Ontario-Quebec Division, the 12th annual meeting was held in Windsor the last week-end in April, with 150 delegates registered.
The assembly of delegates was marked by reunions of newspapermen who make the annual convention their forum for the exchange of ideas.
PRESIDENT OF C.W.N.A.
Among the interested guests were Thomas Halliwell, of Coleman, Alta., president of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association, who expressed his pleasure
at being able to attend the convention with the members of the Ontario and Quebec division. He indicated an optimism for the future of weekly publishing in Eastern Canada.
" BEST EDITORIAL PAGE Andrew 0. Hebb, proprietor of the Newmarket' Era, which was awarded the George Pearce Trophy for the best editorial page, was elected president of the On-tario-Quebec Division.
A new trophy, donated by E. F. Stephenson of New Liskeard for the best front page, was awarded the Bowmanville Courier Statesman. A third, the J. T. Clark Memorial Trophy for the best allround paper in towns with populations not over 1,500 went to the Lucknow Sentinel. A prize for the best printing was won by the Rodney Mercury Sun.
NEW OFFICERS New officers besides Mr. Hebb are; R. A. Giles, Lachute, Que., honorary president; Frank McIntyre, Dundalk Herald, first vicepresident; John Marsh, Amherst-burg News, second vice-president. AMONG THE DELEGATES Among those registered for the convention were the following: C.
Tresidder, Northern News, Kirkland Lake; S. R. Curry, The News, Tweed; Mr. and Mrs. B. j Pearce, The Reformer, Si me oe ; Mr. and Mrs. F. Macintyre, Herald, Dundalk; Mr. and Mrs. W. Legge, Leader Mail, Granby, Que.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Sellar, The J Gleaner, Huntington, Que; H. C. | Pennock, The Tribune, Stouff- I ville; F. W. Rickaby, The Spec- I tator, Bruce Mines; Mr. and Mrs. I O. Hebb, The Era, Newmarket; I Mr. and Mrs. Ken Walls, The Examiner, Barrie; L. C. Affleck, Lanark Era, Lanark; L; Campbell I Thompson, The Sentinel, Lucknow.
. I
.11
INFORMAL LAYOUTS
In the average case planting Irregularly In clumps will produce the most pleasing garden effects. Such planting, too, will add an air of spaciousness, giving eveu tiny backyard gardens the appearance of much larger plots.
Where possible there should be a lawn In the foreground, with an Irregularly shaped bed of flowers around the edges and possibly different groups of shrubs at the corners. Screening of harsh straight lines about the house and drives with clumps of flowers and shrubs and an occasional trailing vine over verandahs or garages will bring the whole thing together.
#
BARREL KNOT
A knot recommended for lengthening out nylon leaders by adding tippets to the point, or for repairing broken leaders. It avoids dangerous bends and puts a direct pull on the leader.
L5
%


Red Homer Out Of Active Hockey
mlT

granting them the vote In Provincial elections ... A battle raged In the Province of British Columbia over gasoline price-fixing, and passenger cars had to stay home in their garages . . . Rumors were current that while in Washington Prime Minister Mackenzie King had discussed with American higher-ups, final details of the international St. Lawrence-Great Lakes seaway agreement, as well as possibility of protective occupation of Greenland by Canadian forces . . . Canadians were warned against the danger of gossip about naval, military and air Torce matters during wartime .
war savings certificates (“baby bonds') for the small Investor would soon be employed as a method of war financing . . .

Off Playing Ranks of Toronto Maple Leafs — Will Be “Good-will Ambassador”

NTARIO
UTDOORS
0
Manager Conny S m y the has announced the retirement of Captain Reg. (Red) Horner from the play-
PS7
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Never
BY VIC BAKER
SI*.
YOU ASKED FOR IT
Many Ontario anglers have written in to ask us what the best knots are to use in tying eyed flies to tin* new nylon fishing leaders. Before attempting to answer this general enquiry we had a chat with Frier Gulline, one of Canada’s most expert tiers of artificial fishing flies. It was under
c expert supervision of this able fy “doctor” that the new leaders were first tied when they were introduced to the Canadian fishing fraternity last spring, so we know the information he gave us is correct beyond a doubt.
The Best Knots
After experimenting with several types of knots, it was decided that the best knot to tie the nylon strands together into a strong leader would be the familiar Barrel or Blood Knot (see accompanying diagram). Other experiments proved that the best knot for tying eyed flies to the leader was the Turle Knot. Familiar to experienced fishermen and popular with most anglers, it is one of the simplest and safest knots used and will hold under all conditions. It is easy to tie (see illustration) and good for any size
%

01
0
/i
W.


Ottawa announced that
• •
?
66 . s
&
#
«
23
* f 2
»
In Canada Today...
% ^
i<f,.

I
N
.1
•-rr
Increasing interest in European events
since the invasion of Norway leads us to bring you in each issue . . .
3J
4E
WS
c
• ê
•.
« v •


•S •
V/.

VA
THE WflH-WEEK
6<
ff

VU*
i Gardening
A3

¦ • ¦ ¦
PS

& new column, concisely written, highlighting significant happenings here and
SECRET OF TRANSPLANTING
Secret of transplanting Is plenty of water. Of next importance will be shade and stimulant. Moving plant Is something like an operation on a human being, and the larger the specimen, the more necessary the attention. With shrubbery and trees often main roots
abroad.
kify •
a


Replacing “NEWS PARADE” it will be a commentary on events on all war fronts and current hot spots.
\ f
gfrpkfc» :*? k, ft*; ,
Sssssh, Here Comes * Sailor Now !”
REG LAR FELLERS—Just a Baby
By GENE BYRNES
-S
POP PAID A MAN A LOT OF MONEY TO BUILD A FIREPLACE IN OUR LIVINQ ROOM/ an' LAST NIÇHT POP MADE A FIRE IN IT an' IT
SMOKED
UP THE WHOLE HOUSE/
OH, I KETCH ON.7 A FIREPLACE HASTA BE.
TWENNY-ONE
before ITS
ALLOWED TO SMOKE/
WELL,WHATS SO BAD ABOUT THAT?
YOU DONT UNNA STAN/TH IS IS A BRAN' NEW FIREPLACE AN' BUILT VERY SCIENTIFIC*
IT SHOULDN'T
JMOKC*
SOME
pal/
SOME
pal/
;
Vi
% •
u
!



/

Hf
t
I
1
m

1
I
/
: ^
s I
I
V
V
I

z
\
I

E fflRrJil

V
I


trtifat't Sjrrfi#*
^ V I Fit Off!* All rttk
«• Kami
»
###PAGE###3###
»/
-
«
¦ i
«i
'

Mr. Caffeine-JServ&s Foiled Again!
T
Lee’s tyta dwelt on him with an Ira personal regard.
“Riding for the Circle V?”
“Not for that outfit.” The grin became a sneer, “I’m hirin’ other folks to work for me. Want a job?”
“No.” The laconic answer ignored Shinty’s evident desire to he offensive and betrayed not the slightest interest in Slanty's rise in life. Slanty’s eyes took on malevolence.
“I’m lookin’ for strays,” he explained with sly insolence. “Been inissin' ’em pretty regular, lately.”
“Better not look in the wrong place. Slanty. Other people’s brands don’t stay on the Circle V."
Blac(j eyes and greenish ones met and \ ensured each other. The greenish ones wavered.
“Jest as touchy as < ver, ain’t ye, Lee? Well, I’ll take yore word for it. this time. So long; I've got work to do.’’
He wheeled with a savage rake of spurs and was off.
Leo looked after him speculatively. Slanty must have been up to something, or ho would not have given ground so easily. Too easily. It wouldn’t hurt to keep an eye on Slanty. but for the present Lee had more urgent business in hand. He turned and rode toward the narrow cleft which led into that fertile paradise that w ulering Navajos, long since, had named the Valley of the Sun.
T
Jinest You Can Wuy
A
A
f
*

L
B
FATHER: Stop that infernal racket ! How do me to work al come home and listen to that! My nerves can't stand
r)
W


MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Bravo! That child needs to be curbed!
%
you expect 1 day and
K
L
i



S
E
\
\

it!
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
m

GREENS FOR HEALTH
Now that spring seems to be really here, the main topics of the day are “housecleaning” and “spring tonics”, both very closely related to the homemaker. If you desire real zip. try increasing your green vegetables and salads and reduce the starch diet as much as possible. At least two cooked vegetables and one raw vegetable every day should be the inviolable rule of every homemaker.
One can always lure the family into eating plenty of vegetables, if one lias attractive ways in which to serve them, and lots of variety.
New spinach will be on the market in a few days and while it is very wholesome just plain boiled with as little water as possible (do you remember?), try mixing with a little butter and cream and seasoning. This makes it a very appetising dish. For variety, sprinkle the above with hard boiled eggs chopped fine. Then another method ( after boiling the spinach and then draining) is to place in a baking dish alternately with a rich cream sauce, which has been previously made. Sprinkle the top with buttered crumbs and powdered hard boiled eggs. Place in a slow oven for about 20 minutes. This too is very satisfying.
-If you would take grandmother’s advice try this:
Dandelion and Spinach Greens
Gather freshly grown dandelions, when the dew is still on them. Use equal amount of dandelion and spinach. Pick carefully, throw into cold water and wash in several waters previously salted. Plunge the dandelions into boiling water, cook one-half hour before adding the spinach. Continue the cooking until tender, then drain and add butter, salt and pepper. Mix well, turn into

r ;y


i
MOTHER; One of the club girls claims that too much tea and coffee can make people nervous and out of sorts. Maybe it isn’t Junior at all. Let's try drinking only Postum for awhile and see!
HILLS of DESTINY
'JW.
VV



%

by Agnes Louise Provost


fact- Dial «un and wind had finished in a warm brown.
THK WIDE VALLEY He was not in the least concerned that there were people, plenty of people, who would think him a lunatic to waste two days and part of a railroad ticket in order to take the longest and roughest way home.
But he had chosen to arrive from the opposite direction and on horse-hack. It was the way by which he had first come, a silent, black-headed little savage with weary body and suspicious eyes, twenty years before. Twenty years almost to the day. Matt Blair had brought him. Now he was coming back the same way, over the same trails.-I*ate afternoon found him going steadily downward, not in a direct grade, but in a rolling succession of low ridges. He topped the crest of the last one and drew in.
There It lay, a wide valley floor deep in grass, where grazing never failed in the dry eat seasons. The mountains rimmed it around, taking the brunt of winter storms on their old sbonders. Off to the west and southwest they were little more than ragged hills, but on the east and northeast timbered heights looked down, with deep-cut » canyons and thrusting out gaunt promontories of rock. At the southwestern end the ranch buildings lay, low and pleasantly straggling.
Lee's eyes warmed as he looked down. There was no place like it. It was good to be back again, to slip in this way and surprise Matt. Good old Matt. Virginia would be home, too, once more a rancher’s girl, after the years of travel and fashionable schools that an indulgent father had given her.
The warmth vanished in a puzzled frown. Over on the left his ranging eye had caught sight of a wide ugly slash on the timbered slope. That was odd. Timber was too valuable to be wasted. Matt never cut that way. That strip was wastefully cut. with high stumps like the snapped-off masts of a wrecked ship. Lee's sharpened gaze flicked toward the valley again. Down there he had seen airmail bunch of cattle, perhaps fifty or sixty. That also was unusual. The Circle V cattle always ranged the bills at this time of the year.
Ivee wheeled his horse abruptly, retraced his way for a short dis tance and started zigzagging downward.
The slope dropped abruptly, witfc sharp turns anti jutting angles, and talus that slid beneath his horse s feet. Over to the right a black hole yawned. That was the mouth of the old Bonanza mine, long since abandoned. where one lucky gold pocket had given Matt Blair and bis partner their first start and had brought hordes of other men to stake claims.
That hillside had echoed once to the sound of voices, the blows of picks and the sullen boom of blasting, as men burrowed feverishly for the gold that was never found again.
Matt owned it all now, nor so much for its value — it wouldn't have brought twenty cents an acre
but because it was a relic of the old day*.
The old Bonanza was behind Lee. The last sleep turn of the trail had brought him into a small gorge. Lee suddenly gave a scarcely audible grunt.
. HAFTER I
M
The flip of i coin decided it. If Leo Hollltii t*j , listening to temple hells on tlii* edge of a tropical city halt a world * way, had not felt that tug of homesickness for wind-swept plains and *;ie tang of sage, spun a small nltver product of the Unit-hU States mi in and started for his home four*» months before he was expected, « u timber of quite exciting things might never have happened.
Even then, if lm had continued
Saunders by the any reasoning adult
*

MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
To hear her you'd think you lived on tea and coffee!


I




:1k
4


IS
/
s

>
/%
30 DAYS t/irs#
/

îm
FATHER: Whoever told you about Postum certainly deserves a medal. My trouble was caffeine • nerves all
or coffee soon put an end to it!
Slanty Gano from a safe distance, turned in the saddle and saw him disappear.
“Think yo re the big boss around here, don’t ye?” he muttered sourly. Matt Blair's little pet!”
Lee rode on slowly. Several different things were puzzling him, the wasteful timber slash, the little evidences of mismanagement, the presence of Slanty Gano on Circle V land, slinking through that fringe of cedar as though he did not wish to be seen. Three years ago Matt had run Slanty off Circle V for abusing a horse, and Slanty had given it a wide berth ever since.
THE RANCH HOUSE The ranch house came into clearer view, sprawling comfortably on its commanding knoll. Just ahead was the big moment for which Lee had hesitated. Lee grinned and swung his horse to the right. Five minutes later the ranch buildings were completely blocked from view and the buckskin was threading his way down the slope of a little ravine where a slim finger of the creek ran.
About a third of the way down a cabin stood, its logs weathered grey by many seasons.' In a bare strip beyond K a little old man was just straightening from a stooping posture.
r,
5
! Postum instead of tea
straight on noon local, u might be expeeUxl to do, instead of bolNng ou* of the train three étalions down tîi- line, several other matters woV 1 at least have taken

m
i.
w
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Postum again! It chases me every time!

H
v
tHÉ
a notably different course.
Word of his arrival, for Instance, would surely have trickled on ahead of him. Gideon Morse, that neat, sleek little man undoubtedly would have dispatched a telegram east much sooner than he actually did, and from that moment would have kepi in unobtrusive eye on the movements of this energetic
whom the Circle V

fi
V
X
nm
# Many people can safely drink tea and codec. Many others —and all children— should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Pos turn’s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. Then, if you Jo not feel better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cobourg, Ontario, and we’ll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare. and contains no caffeine.
young man much had been home for twenty years and Matt Blair something mare than % father.
o
*
r
>/
m
But the coji had spun, not once In that far-off city, but again on the Min king local two hours away from Saunders, and Lee not only got off three stations ahead of his destination, but immediately proceeded to make new and quite different aria ngoments for moving on.
The town’s one hotel received him, and he changed from neat blue serge to disreputable old trousers and a flannel slilrt and went out again, and down the sunbaked street. A horse was located and bargained for, with an eye for points. A second-hand saddle followed; minor purchase# were made here end there
*
t
scrambling and sliding and running. They met almost in front of the grey cabin.
“Ye doggone young scailawag!” Joey's voice squeaked treacherously. “Time ye was back, dang yore ornery hide. Where ye been all this time? Couldn't even write a line, like any decent folks would, could
214, *, -

HHI

/
)
i
of crumbs. Repeat until all the Ingredients are used. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake in hot oven until brown (about 20 min.).
warm dish and serve with hard boiled egg. The addition of the spinach prevents the bitterness of the dandelion from predominating — the combination will be found to be very pleasing.
it
Wfcee-ee! Joey! Yip! Yip!”
“Lee Hollister! Hi-yi-yi! Lee!” The whoop from the head of the ravine was answered by a thin, and very shrill note; the old man was
##
ye?"	I
A flashing grin came. I never I was much for writing, Joey; you I know that. Just got here. I haven't [ even seen Matt yet."
Joey flinched as though someone had dealt him a solid blow.
He swallowed visibly, about tilings
Stuffed Onions
6 large onions % cup chopped beef *4 teaspoon salt
One-eighth teaspoon pepper'.
2 tablespoons nfelted butter 2 tablespoons tomato catsup % cup grated cheese 3,4 cup fine bread crumbs.
Parboil onions 15 min., drain. Mix meat, seasoning, shortening and catsup. Remove center of onions and fill with meat mixture, range in baking dish and cover. Bake in moderate oven 1 hour. Remove cover, sprinkle top with crumbs and butter and bake until crumbs are brown.
Spinach Loaf
2 cups boiled spinach
2 eggs
1 teaspoon chopped onion 1% cups bread crumbs
1 teaspoon salt *4 teaspoon pepper 1% cups milk
Chop cooked spinach fine, add crumbs, eggs slightly beaten, onions. seasoning and milk. Turn into a buttered mould, place in pan of water and cook in a moderate oven until firm.
(
A BROWN YOUNG MAN When the job was finished the at range* in town clothes had disappeared, and in hia place was a brown young man in a big Stetson -who might have been any wandering cowboy from the back ranges, or a young rancher in town for the day.
TWO SMART BLOUSES
For Every Suit

‘ I forgo ¦ Ye ain't heard
l.
here”
Heard what? What’s the matter
4*

I
Joey?"
Joey gulped again. His voice was a dry husk of sound.
Matt
Matt's gone.”
Ar-
I^ong before the train that he bad left was whistling for Saunders Station, Lee Hollister was on hia
4 *
4
HE’S DEAD
“Gone! I/)ok here, Joey, you do not mean that Matt is —
He couldn't quite finish it. Joey nodded heavily.
“Yes. he’s dead.
self. That’s the wust part of it. Lee. They found him in his office, all slumped down in his chair, with hia gun on the floor beside him.”
Lee straightened slowly. The impact of the blow had rocked him. Matt Blair, that big, vital, huge-hearted man, his earliest and best friend, and by his own hand!
I don’t get it,” he said slowly. “I don’t get it at all. Matt wasn’t that kind.”
Joey nodded. Speech for the moment was beyond him.
Lee dropped the reins over the buckskin's head, left him to stand there and and they turned and went up the slope to Joey's cabin. Neither spoke.
inside the cabin were six or eight photographs ranged on a shelf that served as a mantel. Two of them were snapshots of Lee. both of them on horseback; the others were all of one girl, a lovely, delicately modeled creature. Virginia Blair, Matts precious jewel, for whom nothing was too good nor any sacrifice too great.
“Was she home?” Lee asked abruptly.
Joey shook hi* head.
“She was on her way. And that's what met her.”
Joeys voice betrayed him again. Never had Lee seen the bid man so broken.
“Tell me how It happened.”
(To Be Continuedi
%
>*•!
jX
&
w a y.
He rod* easily, with the grace of long custom picking up familiar landmarks, and thinking that the old sandy waste looked good after nearly two years of wandering, even to the clumps of last year's tumble-weed, wind-bunched in the bottom of a draw.
By late afternoon he had left the high desert for the twilight of a narrow canyon whose ragged walls loomed six hundred feet above the canyon floor. He camped there fur the night.
In the morning he started on again, up a thread of trail that hug ged the canyon wall, out again on an open flat, and over a ridge where the cedar and pinion gave way to slim pine.
The far aide ot' the ridge slanted down to a tiny mountain meadow. There was water there, and lie dismounted, eased !ho cinches to rest his horse, and set about to appease a healthy hunger. Moving easily and lightly, he merged into his surrounding* as naturally as the tall straight pines hack of him or the brown needle carpet beneath. Ho was tall and straight himself, a full six feet of smoothly coordinated muscle, with a. Keenly modeled profile, black eyes that saw much and betrayed little, and a lean young

Spinach Timbale*
2*2 cups canned spinach 2 tablespoons butter *4 teaspoon salt
Few grains pepper 2 teaspoons lemon juice 2 eggs
Drain spinach and chop fine. Heat; add butter, salt, pepper and lemon juice. Add the eggs slightly beaten and mix well. Place in custard cups set in a pan of water and bake in a moderate oven until firm. Serve with white sauce, with hard cooked eggs. Time in the oven 25 minutes. Temperature 325 degrees.
m
iy
ii
• •

I


He shot his-
yv
I
1
# •
READERS. WRITE IN!
Mis*
*3
i
.V
Chamber» personal letter» from interested reader». She i» pleased te receive suggestion» on topic» for her column, and «» ready to listen to your peeve».” Request» for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letter» to “Mis* Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
welcomes
*$

•V.%


V
n
v
t

&
• •


• •!

/

# #
*•
pel
s •
# e

#
4*
(
Garnish
> »

I


%
V
Spinach Mexican Style
1	tablespoon butter
2	tablespoons flour !* teaspoon salt
% teaspoon curry powder One-eighth teaspoon popper
1	cup milk
2	cups cooked spinach
2 hard-cooked eggs	\
Melt the fat and add flour, seasonings: stir in the milk. Bring to the boiling point, stirring constantly. Arrange the hot spinach in a serving dish and slice the eggs over the top. Pour on the hot sauce and serve at once. Serves 4.
Scalloped Cabbage
2 cups cooked su redded cabbage 2 cups white sauce 2 cups soft bread crumbs !» cup grated cheese Mix cabbage and white sauce to getber. Put a layer of cabbage in a greased baking dish, add a la yet
I
I
\
A
//A
H

% v?
57ZZ2
>
»

* »
A
z
« '
z
I

4
\


STARK OK RKUOd.NITION A man was coming toward him. riding close to the fringe of cedar, ms if keeping out of view. He was a big. loosely built man. with a long wolfish face and bulky shoulders. His stare of recognition carried a swift surprise and a flare of something c-’se. quic kly hidden. And 1 hen lie rode forward, with a grin which allowed discolored teeth, “Hello. Ti»*e. You back?”
“Uxdui like 11. Jlello. Slanty.”
The reply was civil, and no more. Lee Hollister did not like Slant y Garni, and Slanty knew It. He was shifty and evasive, as oblique in ills methods as in his name. A real good worker when he wanted to be, be was loo lazy and quarrelsome to hold any job long, and usually he shifted for himself in a'cabin back in the bills.
\
SIZES
«2 «fZ


Jiz

II.
••
V V!


By LOUISE LENNOX
Be well prepared for Spring occasion with a well chosen blouse wardrobe. Here are two styles ! tint you will enjoy making and | wearing. Rayon sheer is soft and just right for the long sleeved shirt blouse that is so smart this season, or, if you prefer, make it with short, puffed sleeve*. For more tailored moments, wear the fitted blouse with its interesting pockets and longer waisted effect.
Stylo No. 3234 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Si;e 36 requires 2!4 yards of I 30 inch material for long sleeved : blouse; 1 *» yards for fitted | . blouse;
Send FIFTEEN ('ENTS (lbc), (Coin is preferred > for PAT- | TERN to Louise Lennox, Room . 421. 73 West Adelaide St., To- ; rotito. Write plainly Y O U I! NAME, ADDRESS AND STt! E NUMBER. BE SURE TO ST AT I SIZE YOU WISH.
r -r.
*• •

r*

i
What a Clever Little Table Stove!
Pole man f|j
SPEED-MASTER
F







/
)
u


rO
* •


»
k
fie
SWEET WORD: “MOTHER”


I»M
Makes Its Owr^Gas
only *$5.'95 ^
t
5o
a
Wri
> O
I do not know why one word is more fair Than other wolds, but voices when they say That mother word As though they swing soft light upon .the wa; And there is rh.vthm in it —l can hear A prayer begin, *a chanted lullabyip;
Or, all the kind and swift endearing terms That mothers know are gently passing by !
••

O'

grow sweeter, tenderer,
M ns 411 KKN. IseCg.
^ new 1
dhe KltKK Huviu,b.l titled

<-2
Kitrhcn equipment Im not «•
Without Hi in bandy, oiie-Uin n «lova, i’au !)#• used mix where—iiume, camp. nr rotfag**. Makes mml Imrn* own Ka.i from downline. Ughm, regulate* Inaluntly. Rnfe. *p«sd> noinii-al. attract! Vo. «'an he moved while burning. Fuel i annul ai»i 11. Ha* more fine ft aturi a than aii> other mie -burner atove dealer'a or w>lle for FIIKK tui e.
Coleman Lamp k Stove Co., LlJ. Deal. WO-Mi
P# 1 H I#
DnLdP BcUns- a

'I

A
My Mothi'i
With sunlight on it, and the purple way A lilac bus!
The words can draw me back tv hold ground Where strong, tall hills shut all the hurt away. And I am braver than I'll ever he—
Is it for this that we keep Mother’s l)ay?
All the loveliness l know
v Vi.
THE CANADA bTARCH COMPANY LI
i once grew beside a door.
!
At yum
Htlîl'H*

? i
ISSUE NO. 19—’40
DOUBLE aiookiVic5
i
B
Helen Welshiühn
i



###PAGE###4###
Xi/lXt/IXI/iXlXlZ
XjXlXIXixi
THE EQUITY
%
a
=in
?
¦ •Il
Wilson’s Garage
>
Hodgins Garage
SHAWVILLE, MAY 16, 1940
<
The Same Reliable Service


t?
;
Minutes of Council Onslow North
i
B
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
SEED
and
SEEDS
K
Q
'	May 6th, 1940
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council held gn the above date. Present Andrew Daley, mayor, and Councillors Young, Farrell, Vallillee and Armitage.
Motion by Crs Farrell-Armitage, that minutes of March 4th, 1940, and April 1st, 1940, as read be adopted.—Carried. Councillor Martineau took his seat. Motion by Crs. Farrell-Martineau, that the road tax of the South half of Lot 28, Range 10, be allowed on road leading to Thos Mennier.—Carried.
Mr. Wm. Barrett representing The Quyon Molybdenite Company appeared requesting permission to put a pipe across the public road at Lots 8 and 9, Range 7, for mill tailing or water.
Motion by Crs Young Farrell, that this Council has not any objection to said application being granted upon condition that their successors, heirs or assignes assume all obligations and liabilities caused by said privilege on crossing road Lots 8 and 9, Range 7, of this Township.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Vallillee-Armitage, that Andrew Daley, mayor, be authorized to have an agreement drawn up to be signed by Quyon Molybdenite Co., regarding priviledge of piping mill tailings and water across public road Lots 8 and 9, Range 7—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young Martineau, that Francis Dolan’s resignation as Road Foreman be accepted and that James McGoff be appointed Road Foreman for the balance of the term on the same division.—Carried.
Account of Gauthier Co., Ltd, presented.
Motion by Crs. Farrell-Young that this Council does not consider they are liable for said account as Mrs. Joseph Portelance has not been domiciled in this Township.—Carried.
Account of Mearle Woolley for 05.00 for rolling was presented taken.
Motion by Crs Young-Vallillee, that the following accounts he approved and
Aristide Robert, labour ...	.
Francis Dolan, 9 trips rolling John McGoff, \ day team.. .
Maurice J. Cain, A day man..
Walter Gibson, trip to Montreal" 25 00 Jos. Vallillee, school tax land
sales f...............
Godfrey Belisle, school tax, land
sales....................
Andrew Farrell, rolling.......
“	“	20 cedar ..
11	“	telephone ...
"	"	postage ....
“	11	1 bottle ink
Bank of Montreal, operating
charge ..................
County Rate 1940 .............
Andrew Daley’s expenses to Campbell’s Bay re Godfrey
Proulx case......;.......
John J. O'Donnell, meals and hay, Feb’y, March, April Minister of Health, Quebec, re Mary Inez Dowe case. ...
Buick, Oldsmoblle,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
k
Ford Service
6
n §
0
$
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils

E
§
B
J. P. Wilson
q !8

/
8
<*
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
U

a
?
/
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better oneK
We now have Timothy, Red Clover, Alfalfa, Sweet Clover, Alsike, Flax, Red Top, etc., ^ in Stock.
I
KJ
G
Red Cross Contributions
Out of every dollar subscribed to the Canadian Red Cross Society, 80 cents is being used for actual war work, it is revealed in a chart showing the approximate disposition of the 85,000,000 received as a result of the Society’s last campaign for funds.
Peace-time services of the Society, which do not slacken during war, claim 14.5 cents of the dollar, while administration expenses for the whole of Canada and overseas, take only 3.5 cents. The remainder, two cents, provides for campaign and publicity.
Of the 80 cents used for war purposes 44 cents is spent by the National Council, and 36 cents covers supplies and comforts furnished through the work of branches.
In actual figures, the National Council is responsible for the expenditure of $2,200,000
peace-time services, 825,000 ; campaign and publicity, $100,000 ; administration expenses, war and peace-time,
$175,000.
Of the National Council allotment,
$750,000 takes care of the erection and equipment of the Canadian Red Cross Society’s base hospital at Taplow, England ; ihe establishment and operation for one year of the Maple Leaf Club in London, and underwriting of the Reaver Club, London.
A grant of $100,000 >vas authorized for the British Red Cross, and a similar amount w s set aside for the furnishing of comforts and relief to the men of the Royal Navy, auxiliary services, and the
¦L	was also made available for the pro.. and shipped to I mdland v,a Norway,	-iBôOoâ	.¦
,,	-«	vision of similar comforts to naval January. Funds and merchandise 1 lie small amount used for	admims-
f,	units and mercantile marine at Halifax lor the poles were handled through tbe tration costs for peace time	and war
„n	Relief grants to the allies amount to ! A,nmcan Red,Crn,s, »nd an am]"'lan,ce 'T,,rk ,ncludes, a" «P™» " branches,
nuit costing $15,000 was provided for divisions and national ar.d
the Polish Legion now attached to the L offices; salaries
French Army.
Designated as co-operative services, and national workroom equipment St. John Ambulance Association was miscellaneous expenditures in conduct allotted $25,000 ; Canadian Legion War, ing such a large enterprise.


Car of No. 1 O.A.C. 21 Seed Barley to be given n g out on contract.
1930—Pontiac Sedan
1929—Chevrolet Sedan
1937—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Coach no Trunk
1937—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1938—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk, four of them 1938—Chevrolet Sedan, two of them
1934—Chevrolet 1 £ ton truck with stake body 1936—Maple Leaf 2^ ton truck with stake body
y
a
i
a
8
S
«
<

We will also have Wheat, Peas, Banner Oats, Alaska Oats, Victory Oats, Buck Wheat, and other seed grains as soon as the roads are open for trucking.
RQ
fi
x
M
V
;
x

s
?

v
I
/
it
Why not come in today and arrange for your seed requirements ?

\

x
1
<


K
Some seeds are going to be scarce, we ] advise that you order yours without delay, j
branches, $1,800,000
\
J. L. HODG1N8

Phone 64 J,
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., R EGO.
No action
<
3 Ta
Id
tid'd

e
>
<
$ 1 05 13 05 • 1 50

ESTABLISHED 1883
!QI
101
101
30
?
till!
IQL
75
INVALID
r
- s
COACH
were manned by the British Red Cross i Services, $40,000; Halifax Hostel
GEORGE HYNES & SON
i
$ 100,000. This sum was subscribed to tHe Red Cross specially ear-maiked— $66,000 for the Finnish Red Cross and $34,000 for Polish relief. Ten fully equipped ambulances were provided for the finns at a cost of $16,000. They
overseas, warehouse, packing, shipping and overseas freight ; division
: : and*
20
Directors of Funeral Service
20
<
75
Shawville, Que.
50
61 10
Phone 80
7 00
3 00
FOREIGN EXCHANGE ACQUISITION ORDER
12 06
—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Young-Vallillee, that James McGoff, road foreman, be in structed to have culvert on Lots 8 and 9, Range 7, to be built by Quyon Molybdenite Co., built 2 ft. by 2 ft, 24 ft. long to be built of 6 by 6 inch cedar covering to be 6 by 6 inch cedar laid cross ways.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Farrell-Armitage, that publication of the Collection Roll be in the month of June until further amended, and that resolution of March 5th, 1923, he amended according.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Young-Vallillee, that . the Sec.-Treas. notify the assessors to assess the Quyon Molybdenite Co., pro-petty and extra power line Lot 9, Range 7, and have same for the June meeting of this Council.—Carried.	|
Notice of motion is hereby given by Councillors Armitage and Martineau, that a By-Law to be known as By-Law I No. 99 to leave rates for the current ' year will be introduced at the next I session of this Council—Carried.	I
Letter of George Maheau, Inspector ! of Weeds, presented. No action taken, j Motion by Crs. Farrell-Vallillee, that the Sec.-Treas. be authorized to arrange I to handle the seed grain granted and l collected from the interested parties any ! charges there may be on their separate j account —Carried.
Motion by Crs. Martineau-Armitage, that this Council adjourn until June 3, ! 1940 at one o’clock in the afternoon.— i Carried.	,
The
IMPORTANT NOTICE
FORD V-8
$
As announced by the Minister of Finance, the Foreign Exchange Acquisition Order, 1940, has been enacted by Order-in-Council under the authority of the War Measures Act.
Lnless exempted by the Order, every resident of Canada who, on May 1st, 1940, has any foreign currency in his possession, ownership or control, whether in Canada or outside Canada, is required forthwith to sell such foreign currency to an Authorized Dealer (i,e. a branch of a chartered
bank) for payment in Canadian dollars at the official buying rate of the Foreign Exchange Control Board.
)
à
;
k
a
“Foreign currency", for the purposes of the Order, means any currency (excluding coin) other than Canadian currency and includes bank notes, postal notes, money orders, cheques, travellers’ cheques, prepaid letters of credit, bank drafts and other similar instruments payable in any currency other than Canadian currency, and also includes any amount in foreign currency of which a resident has a right to obtain payment by reason of a deposit, credit or balance of any kind at or with a bank, savings
bank, trust company, loan company, stockbroker, investment dealer or other similar depository.
The Order does not require the sale ol any foreign securities.
1 he lower-priced ford V 8, with a character of is definitely modern in evident in
its own
every detail of design the deep hoed, the low grille, the long smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
This is
Lite the De Luxe Ford, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important new features. 11 has the same extra inches of leg Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting transmission. The improved shock absorbers, and the more flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer, give it an outstandingly level ride brakes give straight, quick stops.
room.
The Order does not affect any foreign currency, deposit or securities of any non-resident of Canada and for greater certainty the Order expressly declares that a non-resident visiting Canada for business or pleasure for a period or periods not exceeding six months in the year continues to be a non-resident for the purposes of the Order unless such person
enters or has entered Canada with the intention of becoming a permanent resident.
Andrew Farrell, SecTreas.

Its big hydraulic
r
Robing The Soil Of Its Fertility
We are often reminded of our base origin and that we owe to Mother Earth , the ultimate restoration of the organic matter and minerals she has loaned ns for the duration of oui lives. liy the same token the fertilizer industry is based on the need for restoring to the soil the elements of fertility, w hich have been removed by continuous croping and consumption of the produce by : animals, most of which m ube inevitable cycle arc consumed by Yes, the soil has been robbed and especially of phosphorus which, with lime, constitutes the essentia) part of the skeleton.
Consequently, phosphorus — stated in.lermsof available phosphoric acid— predominates in commercial fertiliz e Crop failure* are due more often to deficiency of phosphorus than to shortage of any other plant food substance. Phosphorus is an important constituent of milk and is concentrated in the seeds of plants ; henco its value for pastures and grain.
The 85 horse power Ford V-8

No resident is required to sell any foreign currency if he satisfies the Foreign Exchange Control Board that he held such foreign currency on May 1st, 1910, solely as trustee or agent for a non-resident and that the non-resident’s interest therein had not been acquired from a resident since September 15th, 1939, except in a manner approved by the Board.
Under certain conditions stipulated in Section 1 (b) of the Order, a resident who is not a Canadian citizen may be granted exemption, but only after application for exemption is approved by the Board.
No life insurance company incorporated in Canada is required by the Order to sell any foreign currency which it needs for the purpose of carrying on its business outside Canada.
engine gives unusual operating economy, with outstanding perfor-
Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon

mance of gasoline

/
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the invest.
uj.iri
money you
7
Further partial! banks. Any reside*.
tr'T be obtained from' branches of chartered ~ any foreign currency in his possession, ownership or control on May 1st, 1940, regardless of amount, should consult his bank at once in uder to ascertain the extent to which he is affected by the Order.

Horses and cattle taken in part payment,

O. A. Howard & Son

i
FOREIGN EXCHAN'"'T'-------rR0L BOARD
L hawville
Quebec
I
###PAGE###5###
I
Z
The Equity
i Ser vice Announcement
Shaw ville United Church Rev. A. F. Foxes B. A., B.D. FVttor
Sunday, May 19 '
11.00	a. m — Service at Shawvilie Sermon Subject : “Wishful Thinking”
1.30	p m Communion Serviront Zion
Brief Communion address on ship with Christ”.
3.00	p.rn.— Preaching Service at Starks Corners.
7.30	p.m —Servire at Shawvilie
Third in a series especially to young people on “The Young Man and If is Mate”.


[Zjmm&L
Established 1863
PUBLISHED KVKHV THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
SAVINGS-A VITAL NEED
•	I %
'A
J
R E^AL «SAVINGS arc the excess of earnings ovér expenditures. Wartime destruction of Capita! can be offset only by INTENSIVE SAVINGS. Have you disciplined yourself by saving regularly some proportion of your earnings?
Each of our Branches has a Savings Department where your account will receive careful attention.
Know Your Bonk—it can be helpful to you.
f
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.50 To United States
Fellow
2.0(1
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinued

VV/O. COWAN. PUBLISHKK

%
%
»
1
Z
Z
Z
FOR SALE
<
Z
Bristol United Church
Rfa'. C. Armstrono-Saleh, B. D.
Sunday, May 19
Sunday School 10.00 Service at
Sunday School Service at
The BANK of
" Tite-Lap " Sheet# (ïnlvnnized Steel Roofing ordinary am! Council Standard. Send rl lge and rafter lengths for est I mate,
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd 1335 Dclorlinler Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
Sr. Andrews,
i
11.00
Knox
2.00
44
3.00
EST. 1 832—OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Rev. R. V. McLean, RA., of Ottawa. Bible Soci ty will g peak at St. Andrew’s and Knox
Austin

For Sale
y/
Sunday School Service at
The Minister will preach
Special Evangelistic Services on Monday and Tuesday, May 20th and 21st, Rev, H. S. Clugston, B.D., First United Church, Ottawa. Join us in a time of refreshing.
10.30
7.30

Bj5JSMSJ3fS/Sjr5JS/5J5J5MSjrSjr2M?19.rSJ2JSjSMS/5M5H5HBJSM5MSM5M5MSJBIPrr
1—DeFry Movie Camera 10 M.M. l—I)vFry Movie 200 Watt Projector
10 M.M.
1— PeLaval 1} li p. Gas Engine.
1—Set Matched Golf Clubs, 3 woods and 0 irons, also a few other clubs.
1—10 gallon Spray with Force Pump
1—22 Winchester Automatic
1—22 long Enifield 6 shot rifle »
Apply Jto
G. H. BOULTON,
, Bristol, Que.
DALE’S TINSHOP
<
*
F
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, May 19
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a m —Holy Communion 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.03 p.m. —Evening Prayer Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
Parish of North Clarendon;
Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge i •
Srioday, May 19	•
North Onslow, Morning Prayer 1Ô.30
Sunday School Evening Praÿer
Thorne Centre, Sunday School 7.00 “	“ Evening Prayer 7 30
m
J*
$39.51
P-U-M-P-S
Phone, Shawvilie 4-9
i
;
!
I
II
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty
Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
t
Is
f

Spring Tonics
î
i
Cali in and see
8
!
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine Burdock Blood Bitteh Ironized Yeast Tanlac
t
,p Chârteris
•2.00 A. 30

Here’s the smartest mattress ever produced Simmons! New plain edge — 837 coil'springs for greater buoyancy — p rebuilt border to prevent sagging—.ventilators—handles for easy turning—patented "Jiffy-join” tufting for smoother sleeping surface —
lovely two-tone damask coverings. Come in and see it today.
by
i

LESLIE DALE
y
«
y
H
Shawvilie,
Quebec
E

E
t 'N
i h1
And many other notable
!
!E
e
FAMOUS BRAND NAMES FEATURED THIS WEEK
suWW.raCH*
IWt it...... O.OWU1Y
Spring remedies ! 4
Farmers’ Attention
3
3
\
2

i
8
4
For Topmost Tire Value,
1
With the new Beautyrcst Mattress* we are featuring this week other nationally known products that are household words in Canada Springfilled Mattress —
and "Slumber King" Springs — "Deep Sleep" Pillows and Simmons Studio Couches. Large assortment awaits your inspection.
THE CORNER STORE j §
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard '
Main and CentreSts
SH A WVILLÉ, - QUE.
y
We want to meet a limited number of progressive faarmers who wish to increase their income by several hundres dollars, growing one acre of a large variety of Red Raspberry. The berries to be shipped to a large Montreal dealer for store and miscellaneous use.
Government certified root systems furnished for Fall planting on attractive terms. With ordinary csre the berry to be planted will yield over 8,000 pint boxes per acre.
Mail reply to Box 145 Shawvilie, Qûe., before May 29th. ;
A personal visit will be made at your home showing business in detail. Farm owners only considered.
names "Ostermoor" "Slumber King" Mattress
See
%
J. L Hodgins
Shawvilie, Que
I 1
3

Look Here

N
Til
SLUMBER KING" SPRING
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
This famous spring needs no introduction. There are more Slumber King springs in use to-day than any other branded make. Standard Nationally Advertised Price...
O
KO H SALE or RENT- Parue* Hall nt Sand Hay. Apply to Chawimm ('ai son IL 2. SliawvHle. Phone. 22—21.
FOR SALE—Certified Green Mountain Potatoes
Shawvilie. Phone 11 —
on or
4

Apply to .1. 1L McDowell
$12.50
Sv^!$
%
PASTURAGE - Larg range tor entile AltMsritoNu. R. 1 Shawvilie. Phone 20-0
past uni in ng A pul y to Dawson
#'
FOR SALK -A Quantity of good J^red
Mountain). Apply to
, Phone,
Potatoes (Green
Kvkkktt l.Al iiMHKN, Charterl* Shawvilie 80-27.
$ //>* >
BRAY (HICKS
ihe^l

i
FOR SALK—A quantity of Vanguard lust resistant oat», government inspect ed No. I. eeitilled seed. On» 11 lise I n "t Wood H u row. Apply to H J. Crut nrnrsoN, Maryland, Que. Phone 28 0.

"#
"SLUMBER KING" MATTRESS
MacLean’s
%

a

9
%

RED & WHITE STORE
FOR SALE—A quantity of good qimlit> 13	.
loos** Imv . two Percheron Mares, rising	introducing a new Value in
fcrasa^tto •tfrffs.’........... h 5-^-."-^--
---------------------------------4 ber King mattress is con-
FOR SALE-One 18 Disc McCormick 5	sidered, by experts, as giving
V7unj? cül't le'1 Apply* to NnnMAS Î” l.hs j 2 fhe 8rcat.est valu.c in sl«P-Maryland. Que.	|Jj lfl£ Comfort at Its popular
9 price.
8

sis
«jb
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association
BRISTOL . QUEBEC
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
$22.50

N
¦MS*
t
FOR S VLB—Well-matched team, geld IN mes. weighing ah >ut 8.000 Ilia. four yeat* I fj old, well-broken. Apply to Wm. Graham | g Maryland, Que
Phone 23-81
Have you received the
FOR SALE—A quantity of Red Clover Government Tested. Apply to Norvai Wilson, R.IL 3, Shawvilie. Phone 7-5.
In Memoriam
S
)
m
m
m
In loving memory of a dear sis er, Mrs. IL J. Connolly who passed a vny May 6th, 1938.
In our hearts your memory lingers Always tender, fond and true,
There is not a day dear sister,
That we do not think of you.
Fondly remembered by
Margaret and Tom.
+
benefit of our Sale of
FOR SALE — A number of Viking Rasherry Canes, suitable for setting out this soring, at, 25 cents per dozen Apply to Pktkk L. Thompson, R. R. 8 Shawvilie, Que.



Successor to C. F. Hodgtns Co, Limited
%-
»
FOR SALE— A quantity Seed Oats. Apply to Jas. Cl Shawvilie.
of Bwmei
VTIMIKRT80N,

Quaker Flour & Feed
FOR EXCHANGE- Gelding, 7 years old, around 1700, for team. 6 years old w«sighing around 8000. Apply to LEONARD Brlkhku, Phono 30 î'haw ville.
Pulpwood Wanted
^ A#
u

" ' LR One Clyde (ieldlnp. 1501 / nier’a driver, gelding 1100 lbs <iin L. HodoiNi*, fchaw ville
I am prepared to porcbase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O,B. ears on Q. N. or C. P railways, or delivered to road aide for pick-up hy trucks Phone or write,
J M. ARGUE, Shawvilie, Que.
1
Are the ones who loved her heat.
Peaceful he thy. rest «leur AHter,
tn loving inr.1 n-v f .nr rlrar eist. r, , It'*	to hrmtho ihy imme,
Jennie, I vlr.v. o wife. f R. i. Connelly	w" r<-'> 'le*r!y,
who pnAwntl nw«y on May Cth, 1040.	,* 1,1 w,‘	*a,n “•
Today rrc ills ?a*! m^ninrim	Ever irmeml erej by
. Of our dear sinter, gore to rest,	Mary and Jack,
uH date ii | \n«l the ones «b.» think of her today	South Porcupine, Out
in Memorlam
/
Pit
If not, do so NOW
Sh.àwvillo Y. P U. are pn*«»nt 4ng their comedy drama "Meet th« Medicine Man” a hljrWv humorme attraction in tlio 1 day, May 17Ut r
in inti
e on Fri
Phone 76
###PAGE###6###

stretch of Trans-Canada Highway east of Sudbury is being resumed, C. F. Szammers, divisional engnii-of the Sudbury branch, an*
bomb splinters, but “many would be saved from dying as the result of a splinter of low penetrating entering a vital area/'
Work Resumes On Trans-Canada Road
the 5262,000, 40-mile
Form Notes ..
Cropping Old Sod Late In Springtime
Tommy’s Happy—A Bath’s At Hand
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
¦
Km
eer
power

nounced.






With the anticipated completion
of an overhead
Markstay the 40-mile



this summer bridge at section will he completed.
t
To extend the area in grain production, many acres of old sod, notably in the Maritime Brovinc-
broken up last fall. For




ira
Work on
mm

I
B#

LESSON VI HA3AKKUK FIGHTS THROUGH DOUBT TO FAITH
Habakkuk
Printed Text, Hab. 1:12—2:4
Text:	“The
tiî.


H
eç, were
success, and especially with baril. Leslie Emslie, a fine
" This Curious World
By William
Ferguson


ley. says ¦¦ seed bed is necessary. This means free use of the harrows. Tough sod may not lie very compactly, leaving a hollow under the furrow which tends to dry out the soil xin early summer. Rolling will help to make a firm reed bed.
Need Fine Seed Bed
The growing of barley should be limited usually to Maud cultivated in the rotation, where a fine seed bed for this shallow-roofed, quick growing cereal can be more easily procured. Oats or spring wheat are more likely to thrive well on the newly broken sod, and these are sown earlier than barley.
Spring is late; but this handicap may be largely overcome by a fairly liberal use of the right fertilizer which will promote rapid, vigorous growth of the crop. The choice of the fertilizer will depend conditions, but it should contain ample phosphate, and potash and an amount of readily available nitrogen sufficient to give the crop a smart kick-off.
t*
{
X


righteous
Golden
•hall live by his faith.” Hab. 2:4.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — The date for the writing of this book cannot be determined with finality; some place it is as early as 630 B.C., and some as late
The exact year of its composition does not in any vital determine the interpretation
4
N
*

â\ p*


¦s
" SOME
SICK
V STOCKINGS
r contain
I F/F7V
Fl M/LES
K
s
—:
/
/
%


J

«
1(5?
' as BOO B
J


*
c~
way of the book.
Place — Jerusalem.
In this lesson we find rich material to illuminate the great truth of the ultimate victories of God’s eternal purposes, and from the lesson we should see in a new and clearer way how It is not each day’s occurences, nor each year’s events that final in God’s plan, but that all the events of life, the whole history of a nation, the entire course of tlie
finally made to fulfill the

S/LK.
\

4:
1
Va
a ^
i
>
• •


gasses
but pause to shew the photographer their joy.___.
are

I
i
ages, are
eternal purposes of God.
The name Habakkuk comes from a Hebrew root meaning “to embrace". Practically nothing is known of this prophet and his life.
At the time Habakkuk was writing this book, Jeboiaklm was probably the throne of Judah. This king’s selfish luxury and oppressive exactions are sharply contrasted by Jeremiah with his father’s upright conduct and just administration. The	To everyone who
Chaldeans during this period were to a radio there sometimes come* in their full career of conquest.	* thought, why don't they do this
COMING TRIBULATION	- or do tilings tbat way - Welb
with a dialogue a those are exactly tne thongM
that any radio station likes to hear about. When you get an idea bright thought about a radio don't just dismiss it—
MK3fZATX>&y
B/&D
is A VIOLATION or A
F'EIDELRAL- law/
on

RADIO REPORTER
m
TME MIDDLE '
Armor Urged F or Soldiers
\
By DAVE. BOBBINS
.<1
on
in Canada will be heard cn this
with I. F. Addison
ANY BRIGHT IDEAS?
ever listens
program
conducting the Toronto Symphony
Would Save Many Lives, Insists Noted Sure * >n — Plating on Chest
Band.
HaTa^MAUL COMPANION SO NEAR. "TO IT TmAT IT IS A TEST Or EVESCHT TO SEPARATE THEAV
*
The book opens between the prophet and God. Habakkuk contemplates with dismay the reign of lawlessness around Mm in Judah. Long and earnestly has he pled with God to interpose, but Bo answer haa come. Then at last Jehovah appears to answer. The Lord announces his purpose to raise Up the Chaldeans to chastise Israel Cor her disobience and her iniquities, and he here calls on the prophet, and through him, his people, be understand the deeper meaning of the tribulation which is i lately before them. The Chaldeans “to be the instrument in the
One of the better air shows is heard over the NBC-Red Netv/oi ¦» Wednesday night at Eight, when Hollywood Playhouse is presented. With Charles Boyer, the popular French actor playing the leads, this program is always top notch entertainment.
Kenneth W.aUer, Harley Street (London, England) surgeon, and a captain in the R.A.M.C., in the first Great War, wants to see troops in the trenches provided with armor plating on the chest, which would “save the lives of many."
Large numbers of men died during 1914-1918 as the result of being hit in the chest by tiny fragments of grenades or shells, he.said in the “British Medical Journal."
The Germans were reported lo be using duralumin suits at the be ginning of this war. British military circles then said that the suggestion that troops should oe armor-plated had been considered, but it was not considered feasible because of the weight and penetrating power of modern weapons.
Arguing that it took two years to induce the authorities to accept the steel helmet. Walker said: “Having accepted the principle that it is worth while protecting the bead from projectiles of comparatively low penetrating power, is it not advisable to extend this principle to other ami even more vulnerable areas of the body?"
cent, of the wounded during the last war were put out of action by projectiles other than bullets, he said. Light armor would z'ot necessarily protect a man from
or a program
ait down and write to the manager of your favourite radio station
listening to at the moment.
Listener reaction is important in radio — it is the only gauge by. which radio stations and continuity writers can judge the public's dislikes, and dislikes. So, you can help yourself get the kind of programs you like by giving your views!
on
i
COM IM7 BV NE*	INC
started on its way 73 years ago
NEXT What species of frog is
or to the pregram you ore
used chiefly for dissection*
$
RADIO	HIGHLIGHTS—Mon-
Voice of Firestone on
WEAF-Red at 8.30 . . . Orrin
Tucker's Band from WOR-Mutuai
Dick.
day
ed-
iti ii
FAIRY TALE CHILD
were
bands of God to mete out judgments to the Jews and humble them, as well as other nations.
at 11.30 . . . Tuesday -The Amateur Gardener,
CHOC at 12.30 . . . Moments of
. . Big
? *
America.
15 Joint election.
17	Spain.
18	Italian river.
20 In some versions of her story, her grandmother
from
Answer to Previous Puule
AROUND THE DIAL
Dagwood and Blondie, the famous comic atrip couple are always good for a laugh or two, and you can hear them on the air from the Columbia chain any Monday night at 7.30.
1.4,8 Little red cloaked child of Action »
12 Degrades.
14 Visual.
16	Verbal.
17	To soak up.
19	To leave out.
20	To soak flax.
21	To beg.
24 Lair.
26	Electrical term.
27	Affirmative vote.
28	Ell.	.	. .
29	Chaos.	dropping.
•to Eaelc	50 II regularity.
22=,	52To,ub,ist.
.14 Epoch.	S3 Baking dish.
27 Funny.	^ n°'avi»
38	Pitcher	Psrticle#
39	Jail compart- 57 Type measure
$8 Russian
«LIE
Melody from CBC at 7
Columbia network a:
HABAKKUK’S GREAT PROBLEM
Hab. 1:12. Art not thou from everlasting, O Jehovah my God, my Holy One? we shall not die, O Jehovah, thou hast ordained him for judgment; and thou, 0 Rock, hast established him for correction. 13. Thou that art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and that canst not
wherefore

Town on 8 . . . Wednesday — Orpheus
CBC at 7 . . . Roy
m
L
Choir
Shields Revue at 9.30 over WJ7-. . Serenade For Strings
on
$
I
is
A charming voice that is new
comes over
Biue .
on CBC . . . Thursday -Up and Listen via CBL at C.43 — Town Crier" from CKCK tu 8.1o . . . I Love A Mystery, NBC-Red
.Stag Party . . Saturday — Wayne CBS at 8.30 . . . Music
22	Form of "me*
23	Note in scale. 25 Hers is an old
----tale.
30	Sour plum.
31	Hazards.
32	Plural pronoun.
33	Burdened.
15 Kingdom.
36 High mountain.
. 5 Common verb 4 4 Sacred inter-6 Worship of idols.
*7 To depart.
8 To buzz.
Light

-- the, air lanes
CBL each morning at 11.30, when Monica Mu g an tells the women's Side of Things. This new personality should go far in radio.
on
ii
L
look on perverseness, tookest thou upon them that deal treacherously, and boldest thy owu peace when the wicked swalloweth up the man that is more righteous than he; 14. and makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping tilings, that have no ruler over them? 15. He taketh up all of them with the angle, he catcheth them In his net, and gathereth them in his drag; therefore lie rejoiceth and
* glad. 1G. Therefore sacrificed
unto his net, and burn eth incense unto his drag; because by them his portion is fat, and his food plenteous. 17. Shall he therefore empty hts net, and spare not to slay the dliions continually? The prophet m dilemma: allowing that the Chaldeans were an agent in the hands of God for the punishment of unbelieving and sinful Israel, the prophet asks how God can allow them victories that result in their rejoicing
and suffering of God's people, and in the confirma
Sixty pei
I
on CBC
at 8:30 . . at 11.30 .
King via Hall at CBL, 9.30. . .
mother.
VERTICAL
1	Sun god.
2	Trees.
3	To hurl.
4	Trust.
A new feature on the Canadian chain is the weekly band concerts to be presented on Monday nighty
at 8.30. The best Symphonic bang	________________
Ôntario-Quebec Newspaper People Were Out to See Things
e
diction.
46	Soft copal.
47	Pulpit block 49 Wahoo.
51 The deep.
55	Provided.
56	Paid pub
58	Town rd
59	Royal society
ments.
40	To employ.
41	Food grain.
42	To rap lightly
43	And.
45 Fence bar.
47 Measure of
emperor.
60 She meets a wolf, as she carries ——- to 9 Fetid.
10	Made of oatmeal.
11	Doctor. 13 South



her grandmother.
61 The wol f her grand-
/


area.
48 Fish ?s by
XS;

i
a
o II
0

4
K
msm
W

14 lib

12
m
f i

19
1
16

24
l
2
over sorrow
21
:0
own
11 on of the Chaldeans in their Idolatrous practices. Why does not God Interfere?
»
28
h
i
n
ii
30
JEHOVAH S ANSWER 1. I will stand upon my watcti, «nd set me upon the tower, and will look forth to see what he will eoeak with me, and what 1 shall concerning my complaint.
39
38
37
42
46
answer	¦
j And Jehovah answered me. and said, write the vision, and make It plain uj
44
• • • • •
v.v.% • • • • •




iSKO
I
n tablets, that he may that readeth it. 3. For the vi-is yet fpr the appointed time, ,ind it hasteth toward the end. and ehall not live; though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not delay. Much that Habak* fcvk here sees in vision will not take place until the end of this age. 4. Behold, his sou! is puffed up, it Is not upright in him; but the righteous shall live by hi* own tiith. This verse gives briefly the u'tfmate answer to the problems which Habakkuk brought before the Lord. The Chaldean Is here d» peflbed as one whose soul is puffed ikp — self-centred, and therefore doomed; the true believer contln-to live by faith, is God centred, ani therefore permanent. to the prophet meant more than a mple trust; It conveyed the idee
which trust produces.
I

54
run
•ion
2

«
58
the workings of a 4 spotting machine.
7
6
1
>
>
I
By J. MILLAR WATT
I
POP— A Safe Guess
%
12-5

AT HALF-MAST
OM TW& WATP9 " WORK* AND NOT ON TMC; >DLT CLUB
I frXPUCT
T66T§TA1.E» *
OIGOT
WNY IS TNG Ft AC" FLYING
?
»

r
9
I


f
i
?
I
I
i
4
»
lies
i
"Faith”



1
Tv

»
si
I

%
f
of a tamper tMQjelv faithfulness, steadfastnoee,
endurance,
loyalty. And life”

n
/
<

/
thinness, persistency,
\
/
patience, even
t.. Habakkuk meant not mere ti.#ust p.osperity, but moral •ecnr-
in the midst of calamity faith determines destiny : Ufa and aurvfving in
A
v.
na-

11	#? i rn *<•*-•«• in- i
w
La
\
-



X.1'
tty, even
A living soiling la
- Wv
U


L
###PAGE###7###
f
Newmarket Editor Wins Trophy For Best Editorial Page
Modem
Etiquette
¦«
m
k DOES taste good in a pipe!*'
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH • 15fi
trLB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 60* also packed in Pocket Tins


m

m
m

*
t




!

m

BY ROBERTA LEE

W


7
fit

1
K \
i
When a young woman is traveling alone and a man persists in trying to form an acquaintance, what should a he do?
2. Is it vulgar to be extravagant?
2. Should a person always rise when performing an introduction?
4. Would it be all right for a girl to send a young man a birthday card, even though he has ©r sent her a card or given her a gift?
D
tJ
*
m



Pimm
»


W#
K
1
I
<**iS
rii

#
iiriif.
%

British Losses Said Negligible
NAZI BATTLESHIPS GONE

nev-

ü
German casualties include both her battleships, two of her three pocket batilo hips, both of her heavy cruisers, all six-inch gun cruisers w’ith which she started ihc war, and 12 surface torpedo craft.

g

i

6. If a bride has no relatives nor intimate friends, who should Issue the wedding invitations?
6. From which side of the guest, and with which hand, is the plate removed from the table?
Answers
1. Show by her indifference that she is not interested. Jf the man persists, she should ask the conductor to change her seat. 2. Extravagance could not be railed vulgar unless there is an ostentatious display to Impress others. Extravagance is many times unwise, where one cannot afford it, and should not be cultivated. 8. Yes, always. 4. Yes; there is nothing wrong in doing so. This is merely a thoughtful gesture, and the young man would be presumptuous to think it anything else. 6. Uiyler these conditions the invitations may be extended by the girl and her fiance. 6. From the left side of the guest, and with the left hand.

k%A**
Comparatively Few Merchant Ships or Naval Vessels Sunk Since Beginning of Present War — German Claims Exaggerated
iwi

O'
SINCE NORWAY
Unofficial estimates of U-Boat sinkings by the Allies have ranged as high as 60.
Naval sources point out the statement is not the whole story. Since Hitler invaded Norway. 20 transports and supply ships have been sunk or scuttled. Ten others were hit by torpedoes and probably sunk. One was set on fire during an air r.ttack and four German vessels were capture-!.
i


r



Germany’s continued claims of sinkings of Royal Naval vessels last month in London brought a formal statement which summarized Britain’s and Germany’s naval losses since wav began. It showed that the Nazis had lost 21 ship, exclusive of a large number of submarines.
British losses, including submarines, number 18. (Submarines lost were listed at five)..
#

4

%


#0

. -At the annual convention of the Ontario Quebec division of the Canadian Weekly Newspapers Association / v!lndsor, Mr. Andrew O. Hebb, of Newmarket fright), editor of the Newmarket Era, and new president of the division here seen with Mr. Bruce M. Pearce of Simcoe, was presented with the Pearce Trophy for having the.best editorial page.
CRUISERS INTACT The statement clearly showed that whereas Germany’s losses represented a staggering blow to her naval strength, Britain’s strength at sea remained unimpaired.
Of the 15 capital ships Britain possessed at the start of the war, only the Royal Oak has been lost. The Courageous is the only one of seven aircraft carriers lost. Britain has not lost a single cruiser. Her other losses are 10 destroyers of the pre-war fleet of 185 and five submarines.
RINGS INSTANT IASS
¦20>
Swing Relegated To Phonograph
•d the digestive system and caused occupational deafness among printers, bus drivers, road makers and traffic policemen. He cited Edison who said that he believed mankind would grow deafer as city noises increased.
The address was closed by the statement:	“L ess noise, better
health, more wealth.”
?
HEALTH
TOPICS
HI
• HAÏE • YOU HEARD?
i
Radio Dance Orchestras Have Nearly AM Gone Back To “Smooth** Style
•12
TilL
?
:u
Whooping Cough Test
The recent development by a Montreal scientist of an effective skin test to determine a child’s susceptibility to whooping cough was described last week by Dr. Lyon P. Strean of Montreal. Dr. Stream s discovery marks a new advance in the control of the disease.
Swing is over, say the advocates of the "smooth” or "co style of popular music. Insofar as wide public acceptance of swing Is concerned they are probably right. What has actually happened, however, Is that swing and Jive have gone back to the places they came from to the musicians' informal sessions, to the "Juke boxes'* (pay phonographs), to college dormitory disk collections, or to whatever sanctums the "cats'1 and "swlogerons ' have elected to pursue their
The little man furtively entered the florist's shop. "I want three potted geraniums,” he whispered to the assistant.
"I'm afraid we are right out of geraniums at the moment,” the assistant replied. "I can let you have some very nice potted chrysanthemums.”
"No, they won't do,” replied the Uttle man. "I wanted the geraniums to replace some I had promised my wife to water while she was away.”
Hi
ercial”
Mill
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..

SALESMEN WANTED
EXTERMINATOR
AGENTS WANTED
SALESMEN FOR ROOF CEMENTS and palnta. Selling plan allows you to beet competition. Canadian made. Shipped from Toronto. United Builders Co.. 6007 Euclid, Cleveland, Ohio. US A.
“DERPO” BUG KILLER, 85c, exterminates bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, ticks.
“DERAT” Rat and Mouse Killer 10c. harmless to humans, animals, fowl.
At Eatons. Simpsons. Tamblyns, local dealers, or Derpo Products. Toronto.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANT ed to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips company Limited, 82 Osborne Avenue,
Toronto.
While the present test will only determine the susceptibility of a child to whooping cough, it may lead to the development of a new type of vaccine for immunization and a serum for treatment of the ac.ive disease.
Just Released From Pawn
SEED OATS
MEN’S SUITS LATEST STYLES and colour*. Cost when new up to $75.06. A real opportunity for you to pick up your Spring suit for Just the small chargea against them which run •» low as $8.. $10., $12. Come In and see ua when in the city. All Canadian outfit and I do mean Canadian. Hughles Trading Post, 355 Yonge, Toronto, Ontario.
FOUR THOUSAND BUSHELS OF Early Seed Oats, O.A.C. No. 3 Variety, 4th prize Winter Seed Show. Toronto. First prize Provincial Seed Exhibition, Chatham. First prize Lamb lion County Seed Show, Alvinston. 75c. Robert MacDonald, Brigden, Ontario.
FOR SALE
art.
Diner (sarcastically):	Oh,
waiter,, has the chef killed that chicken I ordered an hour ago?
Walter (under notice): No, •Ir, but he'# given It a couple of nasty blows.
So, except for warmer radio dance orchestra sessions In the “wee ema” hours, the phonograph, for all practical purposes, remains today the only medium where one may hear genuine swing.
FOUR POUNDS
Virginia Leaf $1.00, fifteen pounds 13.00. Four pounds Virginia Leaf cigarette Tobacco $1.60. Postpaid. G. W. Jeffrey. Leamington. OnL
BURLEY AND
Unhealthful Noise
Professor H. E. Reilley, McGill University, in a recent radio address deal with the effects of noise on human health.
Noise has been instrumental in bringing about a collapse of the nervous system, the speaker declared.
He said also that noise impair-
1,500 BUSHEL*) ERBAN VARIETY, 2nd prize Provincial Seed Exhibition, Chatham; 2nd prize, Lambton County Seed _ Show, Alvinston. Grade 1. All seed prepared with Government approved cleaner and
Robert
FURNITURE FOR SALE
FREE
FURNITURE BARGAINS.
catalogue of new end used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back guarantee. Wholesale Furniture, 466 Bathurst Street, Toronto._
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS
Cowing called together his staff of general# and said to them:
'We're going to win the war and win it fast. Right?”
Every one of the generals shouted back:
“Yea, we're going to win the war duod win It fast,” except one small general In the rear.
Ooerlng noticed this, and Questioned that general.
“Don't you believe we're going to win the war fast?” asked Goering.
The small general answered:
“Yes, I think we might win the war, but I think it would be a good Mem If you put Czecho Slovakia in your wife's name."

HANGER UMB CO. 124 WELUNG-ton Street West. Toronto. Improved Limbs without shoulder straps. Free catalogue.
*
Carter Disc Grader. 85c. MacDonald. Brlgden, Ontario.
What Science! Is Doing
i
t
STAMMERING
HOG REMEDY
CORRECTED — guaranteed if Instructions followed. New scientific method. Twenty, years' experience. Reference*. H. W. Hogue. 220 McDermot, W’nni-pesr._______________________________
PERMANENTLY
PRESCRIPTION FOR REMEDY which cures and prevents Hog cholera sent on receipt $1.00 help advertise. Mr. Peter Gruber,- Glen Allen. Ontario.
HAKERY EQUIPMENT
I
?
Î
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always un hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St., Toronto.
Attention!
a#© + + * w

THE ROLE OF SCIENCE
“The role of science in the culture of this continent is threefold/* last week declared Dr. Arthur H. Compton, Chicago's cosmic ray man, one of the world’s best known scientists. “First, it supplies more adequate means ot living, giving men longer life, better health and a richer variety of experience. Second, it stimulates man's social growth by rewarding more abundantly co-operative effort and punishing more severely his antagonisms. Third, science senes as a direct means of expression of the human spirit.
MEN AND WOMEN WANTED
LYONS*
BARGAINS!
EXCELLENT DIRECT
Opportunity — exclusive territory rights for live-wire ambitious men and women, selling a line of guaranteed quality products. Send for our Plan and Catalogue TODAY. Familex Products Company, 670 St. Clement St.. MONTREAL.
SELLING
USED TRUCK BUYERS
HIGH CLASS RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
$35 Large S piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in brown mohair figured reversible Marshall soring cushions.
$24 Apartment size 3 piece repp Chesterfield Suite, Marshall cushions, thoroughly clean.
$32 Beautiful Kroehler 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered In figured blue Jacquard. Perfect condition.
$19 Large 3 piece Chesterfield Suit#», upholstered in figured brown repp with reversible Marshall spline cushions.
$25 Solid oak dining room suite, completely refinlshed. buffAt. extension table and 6 leather sent chairs.
$39 Complete 9 piece solid oak Dining Suite, buffet, extension trblc. china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$69 Modern 9 piece walnut finish Dining Suite, completely refinlshed. buffet extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$75 Beautiful solid walnut dining suite, perfect condition, large buffet extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$39 Smart bedroom suite in walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
$19 Simmons bed In walnut finish, sagless spring, new mattress ami large dresser.
$49 Modern bedroom suite In dark, two-tone walnut finish, large vanity. Venetian mirror, chiffonier, full size bed, eagless new mattrese.
$69 Beautiful modern bedroom suite in rich bleached walnut finish, large dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless eprlpg and mattress. Floor sample.
$11.95 Combination desk and chest In walnut finish with 3 large drawers and desk compartment. $8.96 Large assortment of dressers in walnut finish with large mirrors and 3 deep drawers.
$12.50 Large double
Inets In oak and walnut finish.
$8.96 Kitchen cabinets with sliding porcelain tops. In oak and enamel finish.
$8.96 Guaranteed 3 and 4-burner gas stoves with high shelves.
$14.95 Breakfast suites, 6 pieces, buffet drop leaf table and 4 chairs In enamel finish.
$$.95 Large chesterfield chairs, upholstered in brown mohair, Marshall spring cushions.
All goods thoroughly re-conditioned and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction. Write for our new free illustrated catalogue, showing hundreds of other outstanding values in new end re-condltion-ed furniture.
BABY CHICKS
CHEAP CHICKS
CHEAP CHICKS ARE
ways profitable, buy quality chicks at no higher price and be assured of profits from our blood-tested,
White
Farm, Norham, Ontario.
NOT AL-
NLRSERY STOCK
It will pay you to see Ontario’s largest assorted stock of good Used Trucks.
Write, phone or call at
government approved Leghorns. Elmvlew Poultry
STRAWBERRY PLANTS. PREMIER thousand. Burrill, Glen Parson’s Beauty $4.00 per
$6.00
Mary,
thousand. Darwin Crtpps. No. 2. Acton.
“Look here, grocer, I want a dozen eggs. Are they fresh7“ “Madame/' the grocer aald, “they are positively Insulting."
TWEDDLE 1940 CHICKS HAVE more vigour than ever. Reports come In every day of wonderful livability. Customer after customer reporting more than the number purchased alive at three to four weeks. Send for May prices, you can save as much as $10.00 per thousand on chicks by ordering early. 18 varieties to choose from, started chicks, three week old capons, turkey poults. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
BIGGEST $1.00 GARDEN! 20 DIFferent Perennial Plants (Delphinium, Pyrethrum, Sweetrocket, etc.) Barberry, Nlnebark, Japonic» Shrubs; Evergreen; Weeping WIN low; 260 Seeds; Gay feather Bulbs. Prepaid. Two orders $1.80. Dollar Nurseries. Fonthill. Ontario.
G. M. G. TRUCKS
A neighbor wanted to borrow grandpa's new rope. Said grandpa; “No, I've got to use that rope today to tie up some a a n d.' '
After the neighbor bad left, a tilend aald, “Grandpa, you know you can't tie sand with a rope ! " “Remember, my boy," replied the old man, “you can do pretty near anything with a piece of rope if you don't want to lend it."
79
—o
SILVER KILLS GERMS
Discovery has recently been made of the secret of jhe ability of silver to kill germs. Silver is widely used to sterilize drinking water supplies.
The discovery proved that a single atom of silver can kill a living i*U, despite the fact that the cell is as much bigger than the bit of silver as Mt. Everset is larger than a mouse.
peiiminai
QUIT ru 13 Al VU SNUFF EASILY Inexpensively Testimonials free Rsrfleu «• R«i* i Winnipeg
Hume remedy, un run feed. Advice
YOU GET A BARGAIN WHEN YOU purchase Top Notch Chicks. May prices Standard Quality White Leghorns $8.60, Barred Rocks, New Hamps $8.95. White Rocks. Hybrids. Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Humps x Barred Rocks $9.96, 90 pei cent. Pullets Leghorns $18.95. Barred Rocks $14.76, White Rocks Hybrids $15.75, cockerels New Hampshire» $4.90, Barred Rocks $6.90, White Rocks, Hybrids 17.80, Large Egg Quality add one cent. Bigger Profit add two cents, free circular. Top Notch Chieker-les. Guelph. Ontario.
Factory Retail Branch
208 Spadina Avc.
Toronto
Phone WA. 1831
Open Evenings
PHOTOGRAPHY
MAY SPECIAL! TRIAL ROLL OR eight reprints. 15c, with advertisement. London Photo Service, Box 651, London, Ontario.
The problem of the bridil couple le how to elude the gueete after the ceremony without eluding the photographer#.
PROPERTY FOR SALE
ACRE LAND, GOOD BUILDINGS convenient, could keep chickens or fruit. Particulars, Sarah McGregor Watford. Ontario.
O
Clerk (In men's clothing store) "I assume you are looking for something In men's clothing?"
Lady: "I certainly em. Have you i«een my husband around here?"
HUMAN GUINEA PIGS
Some 200 staff members of the Department of Pensions ami National Health at Ottawa are acting as human guinea pigs to test immunity to diphtheria.
The 200 have given blood samples and submitted to injections of a new anti-diphtheria toxin.
spring and
MAKE BADEN YOUR HEADQUARters for the best In started chicks. Here ere some bargain» you will have to go some to beat. Three to four week old cockerels New Hampshire» $9.95. Barred Rocks $10.95, 4 to 6 wk. New Hampshire» $10.96. Barred Rocks $11.95. 6 to S weeks New Hampshire» $11.95,
Order at
PUPS FOR SALE
CREAM
PUREBRED WIREHAIRED FOX-terrier pups, eight weeks old from show winning stock. Reasonable. A. N. Robinson, Stratford, Ont_____
WANTED
Building permits issued in 202 municipalities in Canada had a value of $7,057,136 in the first two months of the current year.
The freshwater fisheries of Quebec produce the major part •f Canada's annual eel catch, a large part of which is exported U> the United States.
QUILT PATCHES
w*
are paying a real high price for cream F.O.B onto. Write
Barred Rocks $12.95. one*. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
QUILTING PATCHES 6 LBS. $1.10, postpaid. Washfast cotton print and broadcloth, 3 x 6 up. Textile Jobbers. 20 Maud Street, Toronto.
Tor-
for particulars
#
door china cab-
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmer* Co-operative Co. Ltd.
The toxin varies slightly from that approved by the world health organization of the League of Nations, and if proved effective will be released for national use.
THANKS FOR PROMPT SHIPment," write hundreds May Bray customers. Ready now are Barred Rocks New Hampshire», Columbian Wyandotte». Brown Leghorns, also started cockerels and capons. Late May turkeys available, order now. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton.
SEED FOR SALE
VANGUARD OATS. REG. 11.26 BUB. Vanguard Oats, No. 1 $1.00 bus., Erban Oats reg. $1.16 bus. IDrban Oats No. 1 90c bus., Alaska Oats, No. 1 85c bus., Gopher Oats No. 1 G.8., 86c bus.. Victory Oats, No. 1 83c bus., Victory Oats, reg. $1.00 bus.. O.A.C., No. 11 Barley. Reg. $1.26 bus., O.A.C. * No. 1 Barley •1.00 bus., Nobarb No. 1 Barley $1. bus., Barley Velvet No. 1 $1.00 bus. All FOB., Toronto. Bags Free. Ask for catalogue. Kelley's Seeds, 772 Dovercourt Road, Toronto.
V
Duke and George Street# TORONTO.
Ontario.
f'PEDLARIZE" for PERMANENCE I
BICYCLES. MOTORCYCLES
When your barn or other building Is roofed sod sided with Pedlar's Nu Roof or Ft DLAJUB — ‘'Council Standard" Brand, your buildings ere "Pedlarized" against si I the elements. "Council Standard ' is the best value money can buy. Send ^dimensions fç[ oyf fte< fftimstt^
^ÔOOD f d* À LIFETIME —
SOLD WITH A 13 YEA* QUARANTE#»
(MIDDLE AGE<
WOMEN
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE New rebuilt Bicycles $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Duke's, 626A Queen
W., Toronto.
FKEF
I
s
m
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
BULBS
yv-r
HEED THIS ADVICE 11
L Thousands of women go smiling thru “trying times- with Lydia £ Plnkham'e Vegetable Compound—famous for over 60 years In relieving female functional trouble». Try It I
GLADIOLUS. "SUPER VALUE". 10 mixed, all colors, 26 Picardy, world s best Glad., 6 named varieties. all different, $1.00 Post Paid.
T. W. M.-Cumus, Millbvook, Ont.
à
Used
New
À
PEDLARS—ROOFING
Gypsum production in Canada during 1939 set a new high record, when the output amounted to 1,. 429,790 tons compared with 1,« 008,799 tons in 1938.

SPECIAL!/1 \(. 111 KKIH ILT MOTORS, POWER. UNITS. Hydraulic Helen. W lev he», tie



m
i
rnlore. Stert-
r
ere, Magnetoe, "srltwrelora. Radial-
THE PEDLAR PEOPLE LIMITED
MredOMce • _Odw---------
Wooiie«l • Ottawa • Tetvoto • W.'BLipeg • Calgary • V«u>i. •*<
F.UdU'Md mi
•re — Rack
Service, Qi
4
a ••
ISSUE NO. 19— 40
SatiafaeHaa or ref tied.
Levy A of ft
Fatle, Toronto.
###PAGE###8###



Meeting of Bristol Red Cross j
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
MARRIED
Stark-Bradlby	I A meeting of Bristol Red (1r<me
BlÉlS
mssmm
ili|S
*¦¦¦
f To the strains of the Wedding	¦¦¦(¦ËJHH
4areh from Lohengrin, p ayed by Mrs. J Wesley Hines, the bride ? entered the church on the arm ot * lier father. She wore a wedding , civess of*white satin, cut on 1 nil- » cess lines with bridal veil caught with orange blossoms and with silver slippers, and carried a : banquet of Hiiarchffe roses, gyp- • sophobia, and maiden s hair iein,
tied with white valley ribbon. She
was attended by her sister. Miss draco Thompson, who wore a gown ot turquoise blue georgette 5f floor length, and white veil and shoes, and carried a bouquet ot Johanna Hill roses. The flowers . worn by the mothers ot the bride and groom were sweet peas in pastel shades. e The groom was supported by Ins brother, Chnoid
9during the signing of the régis ter Miss Lois Huckabone. of Pen»' .
broke, and Mr. Norman Reid, ot
Zion, sang a duet, I Love You
Truly”.
A fee :
buffet lunch was ¦	¦ ¦ JL
home of the brûle s parents r» .
immediate members ot the ramuj , and in the evening à large reception was given in their honor at the ShawvilleTheatre. Liter they left for Ontario points and are to make their home in Stafford tow n-ship near Micksburg. The hi ide -
accessories.
District Rally
Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada
( Eastern Ontario and Quebec District )
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.
Write for
May 24th,	1940
Friday,
Agricultural Hall, Shawville, Quebec

Phone. 278
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Hours of Services : *10.30 a m., 2.30 and 7.30 p.m.
Street Service 6.15 p.m.
District Superintendent in charge
Special Speakers, Music, Singing
Come and bring a basket lunch and enjoy the day,
Tea, Coffee and Milk Supplied

i

s
,
1

>
!..
EVERYBODY WELCOME
r

<

Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
Toronto.
i
\
,


Ltd.
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co
For Use of Improvements
M
5 cents
>
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other Woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long,
per 1,000 feet Board Measure............................
Red rend White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, rontid or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.................. ..............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic beet........
Pulpwood, per Cord.........
• • e • ••
i

I
6J cents

t

t
7j cents
75 cents
the way it drives and rides!
5 cent
• • • «••••
E. C. WOOLSEV,
Secretary
A
?
I
’X/X/.W/S/XSWa
c
6
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
x
X
X
X
!
i
X
X
the ceremony a dainty
served at the
x

x

X
X
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
&
V
X
'
x
X
!
X
Chevrolet’s Amaxma
VACUUM POWER
gearshift
a
x
SP** * Ux»
j^Ckevrolet
Jlluinate
Sedan
Joint Meeting of St. Andrews Ladies’ Asociations
Sport
You know! . . . Tests are better than talk, and riding beats reading ! . . . That’s why we invite you to take a thorough-going demonstration ride in Cbeirolet for '40.
You’ll find you can’t equal Chevrolet driving
Because Chevrolet has the Improved Vacuum Power Shift, which supplies 80% of the gearshifting effort automatically, instead of making you tug and pull and do all the work yourself!
And you can’t equal Chevrolet riding ease, either
Because only Chevrolet has “The Ride Royal”, which combines Perfected Knee-Action*, Scientifically Bah ced Springs and Automitic Ride Stabilizer to produce the smoothest, safest ride know n !
Will you make the test for you at our showrooms right
CHEVROLET HAS MORE THAN 175 IMPORTANT
mEE™§§ii
ENGINE • PERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES • LAROEK TirfOE-MAT C CLUTCH.	*On Speciol De Luxe Models.
Phone 27
A joint meeting of the Women s Association find Women s M issionary Society ot'St. Andrew s United Church, Bristol, was held at the Manse on Wednesday afternoon, May 1st, with Mrs W J. Murray.
president of the W. M. S. pi mg. The meeting opened with singing, followed by prayer and
scripture reading .
• The business being dispensed
with Mrs. M Bailey gave a chapter from study book on India, also a few special items of interest from radio broadcast of Miss Marjorie White, returned missionary from
^ After singing of hymn Take my Life and Let it Be and repeating the Lords Prayer in unison, Miss Emma Meldrum, pie sklent of the W A conducted the remainder of the meeting Business included plans for raising funds and piecing quilts after closing with the Mizpah Benediction. Tea was served by Mrs. L.
assisted by Miss L.
the hodcins LUMBER COMPANY
ease


x
-H
X
improved
X
Quebec
...	«Peering column
9*a'ihrH ,haf does 80% of the
Shawville,
X


.V1
%
Chevrolet’s Famous
“WDE ROYAL”
Step Out In Style
an
il'
today? There's a car waiting now!
1
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
2rf''	K--Ac'i.n
' ,ne	m,„y o,h.r
advanced features ride results
A. Sales, Bailey.
— brings "over before known.
you
C-4I7B

Notice of Meeting
$1.95 and
A general meeting of the Patron s of El inside Creamery will be held at the Factory, Monday evening. May 20th, at eight o’clock.
WM. BYRON,
Proprietor.
up
#
li\ /
Popular Single and Double
^Breasted*Styles, New Patterns. All with
$19.50 to $27.50
Priced
2 trousers.
*
Teacher Wanted
Forsyth make. Famous for
Mens Shirts
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
Teacher with elementary diploma wanted to teach in Lower Litchfield School. Applicants please state salary expected. Applications to be in the hands of the undersigned Secretary on or before June 1st, 1940.
$1.65 to $2.00
coloured. Priced from
ITorris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
JOHN L. HODGINS
Quebec
Shawville
GEORGE STEWART,
Secretary Treasurer,
Bryson, Quebec
