###PAGE###1###




4ft.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United States
frw
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 17. 190$»
No 0, 57th ïiAB

' «f ; - ' ''


GEORGES CARON jGOWLING
BUSINESS
CIVIC HOLIDAY Wednesday, August 23rd
Hy the unanimous fipprovat of Shawville Ooimcil, atvits regular session, Wednesday, August 23rd, was- declared u Civil* Holiday, when all stores and businems places in Shaw-ville will be clewed to allow citizens to attend Ottawa Fair, which opens Monday, Aug 21,
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
B. A., B, C. L.
, Advocate, Barrister
At Campbiiri Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Mi** Nancy Poole, of Wakefield, i* spending a few days with relative# and friends in town.
Mr. Dan McKay, of Cobdetl, is visiting at the 1- îe <>f ids hod, Mr. Allan McKay in town.
Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Strutt, of Dnparqnet, Que, me visiting their relatives in town and district.
Misa Dorothy Jessup, of North Bay, is visiting lier grand pa rente, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ken nick.
Miss Zilpha Shore is "a guest of Mr. and Mrs, Charles H dam, at their crttage at Hughe's Lake.
Mis# Edna O'Leary, of Buckingham. Que , was a guest of Mi^w Evelyn Dale during the past week.
Mr*. Geo W. Bade* and daughter, Hath, of Carleton Place* are «pending this week with relative* here.
Mis* Pansy Sheppard, of -Otter Lake, is visiting at the home «if her sister, Mrs. Cliftôn Dale, in town.
Mr. XV. 9. Richardson has returned to his home in Saskatoon after a visit with relative* in this district.
Mr. and Mr*. J. W. Knox,zof Massey, Ont., are visiting their re lative* in town and vicinity this week.
Mi*- Kola Nichol has returned to her home in Ottawa after a week's visit with the cousin, Mia« Myrtle Hobin.
Mr. William Slioie. of Renfrew, is visiting at the home of hi-daughter in law, Mrs. Thomas Shore.
M»--r*. Frank Hobl> uni Tlo-. Stark, of Timmins, are visiting at their respecting home* Stark -Corners.
Miss Muriel Webb. <»f Ottawa, i* spending her vacation with her unde and an lit, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Harris.
Mr. and Mrs. Bert Woolsley, of Weston, Out, are spending a vacation with relatives in town and vicinity.
Mr. and Mis. Harry Farrell and little daughter, returned to Hull Sunday after spending two week-at Sand Bay.
Mï^and Mrs. Melvin Wickens and children, of Cadillic Mines, are visiting their relative* in this district at present.
Miss Margaret Caldwell, of No-randa, Que, Is spending a vacation xvitli her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ja*. Caldwell.
Muses Arminta and Winnifred McDowell have returned from a motor trip to BnfHalo, Niagara Falls and To# on to.
Masters Milton Hod gin*, Grant Gibson, Ronald and Hcwett Me Ciedie, spent the week end at Shirley Bay boys’ camp.
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Thl* old reliable school ha-removed to larger and finer premise*. The fine.-t and most modern in Ontario School | with
reputation. Open nil year
I
Seasonable
Requirements

' W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
Bailiff Superior Court
\
QUE.
Attend « an - established
SHAWVILLE
A new place to go. North On slow, via Quyon, Bazaar A Soc ial, Wednesday, Alignât 23rd. 1W0. Bean Supper from 6 to 10 p.in. Kntertainment, games and music. Everybody Welcome. Ad mi—ion 25 and 35 et#. J. J Sammon, P.P.
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will hold their annual picnic at the Sands, Bristol, on Friday aftei-noon, August 18th, at 8 o clock. Roll call—Bring a friend.
Shawville Women's Institute holding a basket picnic at Green Lake on Monday afternoon. August 21st, at 2 30 o'clock. All members are asked to make a special effort to attend.
Clarendon Women’s Institute	,T ' f." Æy
The August meeting of Clarendon Women's Institute was held at the home of Mrs. J. A Hobbs, Wednesday afternoon with eight members and several visitors present.	,	.
It was decided to give five dollars to be used as prize money in the county contest of Farm Home Beautification, also to send a donation to provincial fund for presentation to Miss McCain, who i# retiring after seyeral years service as superintendent of Quebec Women’s Institutes. *
Refreshments were served at the cto-eof meeting by the hostess assisted by Mi-ses I va and Margaret Hobbs and Miss Hilda Young.
Safe at Shawville Milling Co. Blown Sunday Night	'Æm
Experienced safe crackers visited this town during Sunday night, and entered the Shawville Milling Co, building and blew the safe, getting away with $300 in ne gotiablo cheques and about $20. in
cash.	; . .
The job was executed by experts in this sort of fraudulent business. Nitro glycerine used and when set the safe was well insulated with empty bags which had been wet in a rain barrel at the rear of the building, and in front of this were piled full bags of feed. Nearby reel dents heard a noise about 3 a. in., but supposed it was causud by a
pasting motorist having trouble
with his car, and, naturally, did not give the noise much thought.
The robbery was not discovered till about seven o’clock Monday morning when employees came to
Provincial detectives Taylor and French are investigating.
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellants
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
w. I. COWllilC
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe!
on
Win» Provincial Scholarship
It has recently been anMiowiln <l l^ l| |llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll l
JAMES A.;MILLAR
of Shawville, his been awarded	b. a., ll.l.
*»'vennneotfvahied'nt	ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
Fiw the pant year, Mr. Alex»» 129 Main St., Hull,Que.
der hae been doing research ip	A# ¦
Germany, going to Europe on a AtPontiac House, Shawvillo, every provincial scholarship.	|	Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
are
New Hotel Opens
The Clarendon, Shawville'* new hotel, owned and operated by G. F. Hodglo* & Son, opened last week although work will not be completed until the end of this
wee*.	..	, , ,
The building, the oldest brick
structure in the village, was built
by Mr. Hudgins’ father, the late Mr. James Hudgins, 1*50. white^corupr htones were quarried and cut at Portage du Fort, and the bricks were made by hand by an Englishman named NVatson, then employed by Mr. Hod gins The interior of this old building has been nicely rearranged for the accommodation and comfort of the travelling public. To the right of the main entrance on Main Street, is the rotund#, and to the left is a ladies’ rest room and dining room. The beverage rooms are situated on the ground tioor on the K ist side of thn building with separate outside ¦
trances.	Hj I
Un the second floor are sixteen bed rooms and three bath room-.
As soon as the interior i- completed work will start on garages and stables in the large yard at the rear of the Intel.
Mr. and Mrs. Krskine Hudgins are ho*t and	with Mr.
Clifford Hobb- in charge-of the beverage rooms.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The | Oepick — In the G. F. Hodgins Building
Main Street. Que.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’» Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)

PREPARE FOR SCHOOL
CLINTON H. DOWD
Just another few days - and - Back to School
B. A. LL. B., C.Li
Advocate, Barrister, etc
Main Street
en
Hull, Que
Phone, Sher. 1334
School Tog's
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e ery Friday evening.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
S A., LL. B,.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Boys’ Sweaters
Made by Warrens. Good colour schemes
I
%
mm
WAS
David Brownlee, Former Resident, Dies In Ottawa
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matter* dealt with by correspondence

V -Neck Pullovers $1.00
$1.25
David Brownlee, resident of Ottawa for the past 32 yemra, and well known in insurance circles in the "city and di-trlet, died at a local hospital on. Saturday last.
Burn in Shawville in 1*5'). the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Brownlee, he received hi- edufca tion there and moved to Renfrew when still a young man.
In Renfrew Mr Brownlee joined the Continental Life Insurance Company, with tVliieh he remained for 50 years, retiring in 1024. He married Matilda E. Spotti-wood in Renfrew. She died in 1087.
Mr. Brownlee came to Ottawa 32 year* ago, and from then until his retirement he >va- the lovai manager of the Continental Life In
stirance Company
A life member of both the Renfrew Masonic Lodg* and the Ren frew Oddfellow*, he was also a member of the Ottawa Preceptor y.
Mr. Brownlee attended St Matthew’s Anglican Church, and a member of St Matthew 8 Mens
Club.	,	,1	!
He is survived by one daughter,
Mr-. George Robertson, of Otta xva ; a Mister, Mrs. Walter Paul, of Haileybury ; one brother, Joseph, of Edmonton, and three grandchildren, Ernest, E izabeth and David Robertson, all of Ottawa.
The funeral was held from the residence of his daughter, on the Prescott highway, at the Experimental Farm, on Monday afternoon, to St. Matthew’s Anglican Church for service, thence by motor to Renfrew for interment.


Zipper Neck “
\
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER | 189 MAIN STREET
PHONE, 2-22
Boys’ School Pants—Sturdy Tweeds etc. New Brown Shades in longs at $1.95 per pair Shorts at
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot * Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday fronj 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Mr. and Mr*. Harold Stark and eon, Hilly, of Oshawa, Ont., aie visiting Shawville and Campbell1* Bay relatives this week.
Mr. Jack Tolhurst, accompanied by Lionel and Lome Storey, left Monday to spend ten day* at the Tuxis Boys’ camp at Shirley Bay.
75cts. to $1.00 «	"
Ottawa Fair Opens Next Monday
Monday next, on August 21. the gates of the Central Canada Exai bition at Ottawa will be thrown open to the general public and Canada’s biggest one-week Exhibition will be under way. Under President H. Stanley Hlgman, the directors have spared no effort to make this year s Fair, the 52nd, go down as the best.
More than $30,000 has been set aside for prize money in the various departments. Entries have been exceptionally heavy and it is Pxpcoted records in$bis be announced when entries are all tabulated. Interest in the exhibi* tion has been increasing year by year and thousand* from Eastern Ontario are again expected to pour into the Capital by special trains, buses and motor cars.
The keenest of competition is Anticipated in all departments,
but there are many other features Mr. and Mrs. Thos Eudes and which are bound to attract the grandson, Grant Fades, accoro interest of those going to Ottawa panted by Geo. W, Fades and from the district.	daughter, Edna, Car le ton Place,
Some of the finest entertainment left on Monday to visit relatives Quyon Gives ShawviUe on the North American continent in Tilsonburg and other places in First Defeat of Season will be seen in the startling Western Ontario.	——
Grandstand Show, which is fea _e . .. .	, . . In a scheduled game ot the
tured by the gorgeous “World « Mr. Lor* Carlson, theological p,mtiac Softball League played at Fair Revue. Leading theatrical indent ot Queen s Umvernty t|ieExhibition grounds on Friday
j-œstysii	gfci : «aa.tr firs	ssurs
Jbjrt	Z.T ,;.r» .K“ .,Æ .‘¦«srarnSR
dnilv on the ground*, while other and friends in Bi ntol and Shaw- f^ir Quyon, allowed only tour hits features include the duncë band ville.	and two Baaes dn ball» in the seven
of Mitchell Ayers, direct from New	»	inning struggle. L°*Iie Hoagm*
York City, which will play night*	did the hurling for Shaw ville.
ly ; the World on Mirth Shows,	DIED	The line uu* were .—L Diotte, c;
including gome of the most thill-	_ R Mur pin IP G. Burke, lb; D.
*| iillpi
ë ÈsHEr-
Boys’ School Oxfords
Sr||ong well made shoes for boys that will stand plenty of wear, Black or Brown.
$1.95 to $2.50
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
\X
“2.4* 4
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
Mr. G. A Jewell returned to Westmount, after spending a two weeks’ vacation at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Leslie Dean, at Starks Corners.
Mrs. Ada Allan. Miss Eva Allan. Mr. and Mrs Eroll Lusk and daughter. Ruth, and Mr. Ernest Silsby, of Ottawa, were Sunday guests at the home of Mrs. Thos. Shore
Mrs. Edith Titus and daughter, Miss Winnifred, left Monday for their home in Lakewood, N. J .
ter, wipiHH couple of weeks
MONTREAL, [QUE
PLATEAU 6388
was
DFV WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Sait 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Boys’ Golf Socks.
All Wool, fine quality, one colour only. Special 29 cts.
hi
ï
Girls’ School Dresses
Good styles—Dirindl—Flared etc., 6 to 12 years $1.00
panied by Ml*fl Marion Le* ho will be their guest for a
BILAIR 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
New[ Pullcvcr Sweaters for Crown up Girls
PhonsS I.
Ten new shades in smart styles, sizes 14 to 20	$1.00
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phowk iu	-
Pencils, Scribblers, ‘tNote Books, Ink
Loose Leaf Refills
v

At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week
III
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
S jjj medical sere buildino
ISO METCALFE STIREET,

Quebec
Shawville
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PltOME, 2-7861
Ray MrTiernan, of NVm. Pltsaimmot».

>
###PAGE###2###
T’.vo tu eu coming along heard me ami brought me on up here. I happened to know one of them/'
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
It Makes a Nicer Cool Drink

à
T
T
^ by Ida R. GUasoo
fi
A log across the road ! ”
BVe
voice sounded genuinely surprised. "I was down that way myself Just before supper aud there wa'a't no
1 os."
a
A
è
A
i
SYNOPSIS
•CLAIRE FOSOICK sets out alone on a summer evening to drive to the mountain house inherited from t»#r eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOS DICK.
Claire’e parents are dead and •he has learned that most of the fortune she thought was secure is gone. She owes money to her father’s friend NICK BAUM, wants to marry her, but Claire cannot quite bring herself to say the word.
The trip to the mountains is for two purposes: (1) to think out her problems, and (2) to search for a mysterious jewel belonging to her uncle and supposed to be hidden In the house.
Off the main highway Claire's car crashes into a log across the road.
“Susie Spruit was his housekeeper for years and she never spoke of any woman. No. He never married at #11,’’ Claire answered. “Uncle Lyman made acquaintances all over the world, bui no close friends. He built the House of Long Shadows so he could be alone. You'll see what I menu when we get these.”
When t’ y came to the end of the trip Loth young men agreed that Lyman Fosdick had Indeed named his house well.
In the uncertain light of a half moon the building loomed gloomily against the dark background of the mountain. Of imposing height. It was a perfect example of the flamboyant mansions of an earlier period—narrow railed porches, and many bulging bay windows, the right side of the second story rose a round cupola which seemed to melt Into the shadow of a huge pine tree with twin tops that grew close to that side of the house. In fact the gloomy aspect of the place was largely due to this mighty giant of the forest.
Its really two trees grown together, and a marvellous specimen, as you will see by daylight," Claire said, pointing toward the tree.
“But It must cut off lots of light from the house.” hemarked Bob Steele.
Claire nodded. “Yes. house of long shadows, you know." Queer Old Place In spite of the sound of the wheels on the graveled driveway no light showed in the darkened front windows. In the distance a dog bayed.
“Queer old place," muttered Bat.
“Drive up to the porch and let me out," Claire said. 'Til get the Sprafts up while you take the car around to the barn."
But Bob got out and went up the steps with ti*r. “Sure you'll be all right till we get hick. Miss Fosdick?" he asked.
“Why not? asked the girl in surprise. “I've come here all my life before."
She twisted the iron knob of the doorbell. The faint sound of the bell ringing could be heard in the stillness, then footsteps. Presently the door opened a crack and a very sharp-nosed man peered out.
“Oh you, Claire?" His voice had an odd croaking sound.
"Hello. Kb," the girl greeted him as she went in.
“I was jest settin' out In the kitchen, smokin’ a last pipe afore go-in’ to bed," Eb explained. “You did not come up by yourself?"
“No, Kb. But I was alone when I started," answered Claire. “My car is down at the bottom of the hill, smashed up. Someone across the road whel from the main highway and 1 htt it.
B


L

“Well, there certainty vÿka when 1 got there," C1*à&Y@pU*l with conviction.
Hofore Kb Could express nuy further opinion, his sister, Susie, cams hurrying down tje stairway in g dressing gown. Innumerable curl papers wagged about her round face that still retained trace* of a one-time babyish beauty.
She threw her arms about the girl and kissed her. “And have you had your supper? Kb, stir ut> the kitchen fire quick. Claire’ll want something hot after her long drive”
Footsteps sounded outside and Kb went to open the door, lie ad mit ted the strangers with a sour look. After Claire had presented the newcomers and explained about the accident, she dispatched the Spratts kitchen ward to prepare the a upper. Then she looked rather curiously at the young men.
Steele was handsomer than she had thought, while Vat Magau was — well, still Just Vat.
‘ Cm sure glad to see you again, Claire/* he was saying. “Uolly, you are looking wonderful.”
"You haven’t forgotteu you’ve kissed the Blarney Stoue have you Vat?" laughed Claire.
“Vat always gets a little groggy when lie’s excited about something. Miss Fosdlck/* Bob Steele explained. His own blue eyes rested on her admiringly.
The girl turned away with a little laugh. “I’m Claire to you, too. Bob. And now while we’re waiting, let's go into the library. That was the room Uncle Lyman loved best. Everything has been kept just as U was when he was alive/'

one
y
S
E

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
i
PEACHES
This week I am dealing with cold pack canning in detaH, seier-al simple peach recipes and the cvcr-popular peach conserve.
COLD PACK CANNING Having given you something on canning methods and syrups 1 should like to give to you in detail my method for cold pack, which method was taught me while visit- j ing in one of-the fruit districts. I use it for all my fruit with but | cne or two exceptions—1 prefer I currants and blueberries done in the open-kettle method.
The rest, however, is done by this method and I have found it does surpass any for simplicity;
1 have never had any fruit "spoil" under this method and I think it incomparable for extracting that raturai fruit flavor.
' Peel and prepare peaches, which should be ripe but not too ripe, tut in halves or quarters. The I kind ot syrup you prefer will be I your guide for the quantity of sugar used. If thin syrup % cup I to 1 cup fruit, medium % cup su- I gar to 1 cup fruit and if heavy I equal measures of each or if you desire a heavy syrup, that is a I little different, replace half the I amount of sugar with corn syrup, I preferably white. Place required [ amount of sugar according to the ' cup in the bottom of jar. Alternate fruit and sugar layers until within one-half inch of top of jar.
It using pint jars 1 use the one-half cup measure. Fill the jar with cold water until overflowing, then pu IL to ps in place and tighten; turn one turn to left. Place in steamer or oven. 1 do mine in a process cooker and let steam for twenty minutes. Remove from steamer, tighten tops and invert to test for leakage. The next day 1 repeat the steaming in the same method and for the same period. Be sure to test again for leakage. Do not let jars touch either in steaming or the oven method. When cool store in cool dry place.
Reach Conserve
3 cups ripe peaches % cup crushed pineapple 1 grapefruit 1 cup raisins 3 cups sugar
cup chopped or rolled pecans Scald and cold-dip peaches, peel. Add pineapple, add grapefruit, sliced thin or chopped very fine, add raisins and cook until mixture thickens. Add sugar and cook until it thickens again. Add the nuts and cook for 5 minutes. Pour into glasses and cover with paraffin when cold.
Peach Butter
Wash , and removes stones of about two dozen peaches, but do not remove skins. Also wash and remove seeds from one grapefruit. Have washed 1 cup of white raisins. Put all through the food chopper. For every cup of pulp use a cup of sugar. Boil for 16 minutes then add one cup of almonds which have been blanched and chopped. Cook for an extra 10 minutes. Put in jelly glasses; when cold cover with paraffin.
Peach Shortcake
Nick
Child Self
Styles For

“Claire
» ••
Government
Late Summer

Jacket Suits Are Good Looking and Easy to Wear
The lady In search of fresh adventure in clothes will soon learn that jacket suits offer much that Is different. The darling of the late Bummer—and, If we are not mistaken, of the Fall—Is the model, which Is made with wide revers and a double-breasted V fastening. It the lady has a young figure she won’t be able to resist it.
Grandmother Wore One
Of course, there Is a jacket with a bustle back, doue with double folds—grandmother wore one like It over her protruding cushioned skirt. Both of these jackets the ¦hopper will consider for daytime, the business of sight seeing, lunching on so on. But If it’s a formal ensemble she’s looking for, she will be entranced by the pannier jacket with draped folds over the hips.
Adult Responsibilities
At
Preparing themselves now for tasks they will undertake In earnest In a few years* time as citizens of Montreal, young boys and girls in parks and playgrounds In different parts of the city are. this year, having their first taste of genuine self government. They are being gL a chance te nominate officers, electioneer for their favourite candidate and vote for him. empty show either for the chosen council his an almost free band la the operation of the playgroand. Of course, this Idea has not met with the same response in all sections of the community, but In Campbell Memorial Park, Rose mount. and Mardi Park, N D O., It Is flourish
1

CHAPTER II **
The Road Closed
When Claire regained her senses she was lying on the ground with a coat for a pillow. A young man was bending over her. an anxious frown on his face. For a minute she stared confusedly, then a smile of recognition touched her lips.
“Pat Magan
He grinned. “Sure, th* very same. And what do you think you are trying to do to yourself anyway?" With one arm he lifted her to a sitting position, while he held a flask to her lips. “Just a swig of this and you’ll feel finer than frog’s hair."
Obediently the girl swallowed the fiery liquor. Presently she straightened up and looked about her as another young man came out of the darkness.
“How is she. Pat?" ho asked.
“Guess she was just knocked out for a minute," Pat told him. Then, with a wave of his hand at the newcomer, “Claire, this is my sidekick. Bob Steele, a mining engineer, with a good job — believe it or not. He's spending his vacation in the Rockies. Miss Claire Fos dick, Bob. I used to aim valentines and spltballs at her when we were In grammar school."
Claire smiled and held out her hand rather shakily. ‘ How about my car. Mr. Steele?"
He shook his head. “Pretty badly damaged. Front axle busted and a lot of minor casualties. Someone had closed the road with that log. We’ll have to take you in our bus wherever you were going. Miss Fosdick. We heard the smash and came back."
Claire turned startled eyes on Pat. “Closed the road! You mean the log was put there?"
“Sure. Probably repairing or just something like that. But Bob and I are on the loose, and we'll be tickled to death to trundle you any place you want to go. Feel able to make it over to our car?" He helped her to her feet. After a minute she was able to walk unaided, and got into their car to wait until they could move the wreck out of the road.
When finally they came back she had decided to tell them why she was going to the house in the mountains, omitting only her personal reasons.
I’d Like To Help You! Although she had not seen much of Pat Magan the last few years, she had always had a warm spot in her heart for the jolly Irish boy with whom she had gone to school. The blond young engineer was a stranger, of course, but she liked his clean-cut appearance and, besides, he was Pat's friend.
For some reason she could not explain, Claire felt that she was going to need help. “Hannah must have talked me into it," she told herself. The fact that the road to the House of Long Shadows had -been deliberaely closed to her disturbed her more than she was willing to admit.
“Let’s get going, Pat," she urg-
Bob
ven
It'S 10



It’s the
log
Some playgrounds are being ruo on the lines of an Indian encamp ment, with "chiefs** in charge* ar-d others as small cities, with police officers, health officers, and safety officers, as well as mayor and the council. But In any case to quote Miss Wynn Peterson, supervisor, of the Mardi playground, “the boys and girls are really admlnlsie m the whole thing. I am here te advise and help them, but they organ-Ue their own sports teams, handicraft groups, etc., and coach them. Given a chance at all It la really extraordinary to see how these young people can get things done, and it the same time traie themselves for the future, and we feel that we are here to do just that."
Good Grooming
Tench Your Dnughler Dnily
Beauty Aids
He's Been Shot, See?
She led the way down the hall, and opened a door. A musty odor of heavy velvet hangings and old upholstered furniture hung over the place. Claire walked across to the window to open It.
“Ha. there might be a clew or two right here rubbing his hands gleefully. He fingered the stone blocks of the elaborately carved mantelpiece, these old houses, It’s practically a rule that something must slide open about the fireplace isn't it?** Then he added. “Say, I don’t think your man cares much for us, Claire."
Claire smiled. “Oh. Eb's all right. He’s that way with Susie and Dan, too."
“Who’s Dan?" asked Pat.
Dan Dallas, the extra man Kb hired to work here. Kb always has spoken of him as “A number one,” so we take It for granted that he likes Dan. But you couldn’t tell that from Eb’s manner. He Is so anxious over the life hereafter he hasn't much time for anything else. What are you staring at, Pat?"
“I was wondering why that stone block with the broken arrow carved on It wasn't the same color as the rest of this gingerbread stuff on this fireplace. It's lighter."
“Looks as though It might have been added later, doesn't it?" Bob came over and ran his finger along the stone tracery.
“It's been there as long as I can remember," Claire told them. “Are you trying to imagine It might have been put there for a purpose, Pat?"
“Well, we’re looking for something aren’t we?" he defended himself with a laugh.
Susie, fully dressed now, but still wearing her crown of curl papers, bustled in carrying a big tray. “Ham and eggs, rolls and coffee, Claire,” she announced as she drew up a small table before the fireplace. “Want Eb should lay a fire in here? My, you’ll freeze with that window open that way. Land sakes, Dan!" Her voice sounded surprised. “What ever in the world do you want?"
In the doorway stood a man about 40 years old, carrying a black mongrel dog. The man’s forehead bore a wide scar that twisted one eyebrow into a perpetual droop, but the eyes that looked out from under It were unusually keen . and very piercing.
“Trigger's dead, Susie," the man ¦aid, looking at her steadily. “I Just found him out In those aspens out back of the doghouse. Saw him run In there after something and I followed him.”
“Dead!" cried Claire. “Why, he barked when we came in. I heard him."
“And almost took a leg off me when we went around with the car to the barn," added PaL “He's been shot. See?" The man parted the shaggy hair above the dog’s eyes and pointed to a bullet hole
Your small daughter may not be s beautiful child, but It’s nobody's fault but your own if she isn't mn attractive one. There are few real beauties In the world, big or little, but it does lie within the power of every women to be attractive and to have attractive children. And that's enough.
Whether one Is six or sixty, being attractive means being meticu lously clean from head to foot. Teach your daughter the not too subtle difference between getting dirty and being dirty. Let her enjoy rolling In the mud and climb ing trees, but teach her to enjoy, too, a good warm bath to remove the mud and grime.
Health Habits
Then, too, being attractive means having shiny, healthy hair that comes from nightly brushing and excellent health habits; perfect posture; clean nails and trimmed cuticle; comfortable, properly shod feet; simple clothes with good taste written all over them, regardless of what they cost; last, but important, a pleasant disposition and a ready smile.
When your child Is very little, it’s up to you to brush her hair, take care of her nails and so on. At an earlier age than you may think, however, she can be taught to do simple grooming routines regularly herself.
exclaimed Pat,
» »»
"In
Canadian Women
Will Serve
Expect Several Million W
sire
The response of the women of Canada to any appeal for national service in the event of an emergency will be no less spontaneous and inspiring than that of the war veterans.
They have shown on so many occasions that they can be counted on to do any job worthy of their mettle, whether It be through the agency of the churches, the Red Cross or other national organisations, and they will not shirk if the country calls again.
Sixty thousand war veterans have enrolled for any service of which they may be capable If the Empire is threatened. It Is expected that several million women will respond to the questionnaire of the Voluntary Registration for Canadian Women, designed to ascertain what they are prepared to Ù» In time of peril.
It Is a foregone conclusion that many will volunteer to take late their homes children who dwell le cities that are vulnerable to death dealing miasiles . rained from the skies. Others will want to serve by sewing or knitting, by operating farm machinery, by doing hospital and nursing work, by Joining the Red Cross or a National Patriotic Society.
The men and women of the Mother Country and of some of the sister Dominions have registered. Canadians will not lag behind.
t a big log It cuts off
C
Younger Set Sunback
Eight to Fourteen Favorite
PATTERN 2919—Sixes «14
2919
^ SIZtS 81
*V
• *t
m i

:=

V
$
Cucumber dressing adds a delightful fresh flavor to summer salads. Mix half a cup of finely chopped cucumber with two-thirds c.f a cup of salad dressing or mayonnaise, one teaspoon of minced parsley and two teaspoons of finely chopped green peppers.

:
w


2 cups flour
4 teaspoons baking powder V» teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons sugar % cup shortening \ cup milk 1 teaspoon nutmeg 1 or 2 eggs, optional Mix flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and nutmeg. Cream in butter. Add milk gradually (egg if used may be added to milk after beating). Toss on floured board. Roll lightly and cut into individual cakes. Cook in a quick oven and when done split and butter. Place between sliced peaches, which have been previously prepared and covered with fruit sugar. Put on other half of shortcakes decorating top with more sugared peaches and whipped cream.
' :
<
\
I
Oil of Lavender
Discourages Flies

v
Our enemy the fly must be kept away from the house, for as is generally known it is a prolific carrier of germs.
Uncovered food, meat, sweets, and so on, attract flies, so all food must be covered and any leftovers which cannot be utilized quickly must be destroyed. If put in the garbage can wrap them in newspaper.
To discourage these dangerous pests from entering rooms, dip a sponge in boiling water, place it in a saucer, and pour on a half-teaspoon oil of lavender.
This gives off a very pleasant smell, which is, for some reason or ether, most obnoxious to flies.
When cleaning window panes or mirrors during the months sprinkle vinegar on the wash leather used; this will deter flies from settling on the glass.

e<l

“Sure." agreed Pat with enthusiasm. "We'll show you how Depression can eat up the miles. Depression's the car you know, in case you’re wondering."
Claire pointed out the road aud then told them about her quest, even to the part about the mysterious jewel.
For a minute neither of the young men answered Steele said slowly. * We had planned to spend most of our vacation in the city, Miss Fosdlck, but if Pat's willing I d like to help you look over the house in the mountains. Maybe some of my technical knowledge would come in handy. Things underground are my meat, you know — not to mention bread and butter."
"Count me in, too, Claire," Pat agreed. "I can’t think of anything I'd rather do than chase an elusive What-hnve you. Maybe we can start tonight."
The vest of the trip was spent in making plans. Claire told them all •bout her eccentric Uncls Lyman, tlai fondness for jewels, and how bo had given the fantastic nams to hi* house in the mountains.
"And you mean to tell me that no dame ever waltzed him up the aisle of a church and snatched his name •ad fortune?" asked Pat incredulously. A bachelor li to drift arc

f

a
VC WHY HAVE
m
k &
q\ SORE
V FEET ?
#
v
a
rz
1
y

»
Then Bob
i
V
Peach Pie
Have toady a 9 inch pie crust which is light and flaky. Fill with fresh peaches, which have been peeled and quartered and have been sprinkled with fruit an gar. Cover with a simple boiled custard. The custard should be prepaied in advance. Chill and when ready to serve cover with a layer of whipped cream sprinkled with chopped nuts.
JUIT **
s
1


t



T*|l

summer
*

By LOUISE LENNOX The younger crowd loves fhis sunbsck dress because it is just like big sister's or mother's. The halter back has straps to hold it firmly in place and the skirt has a generous swing for perfect freedom in action. This makes a grant) little frock for vacation or travel wear with the bolero jacket. Piqiy launders well and can always lie kept epic and span.
Style No. 2919 is designed for sixes 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. Sise 8 requires 1 % yards of 39 in# material for the dree# and % yards of 39-inch contrasting.
Send fifteen cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for pattern 2919, to Louise Lennox, Room 421,	78
West Adelaide St., Toronto,



•* «•
It DOES Uite good in e pip* I "
J HANOyKAL-TUHT POUCH-13c
Lgsk.JT VH». "LOKjqr n^^oc
USsHF «/so peeked In Potlctt Tint
J*-
Your Household
“But-but who would do such a ns?" Clairs exclaimed. f didn't we hear the shotf”
(To Be Continued)
Problems
Have you fuuy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interest-
few,. # jaumi?
ed, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of tMs paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
X


• .*
D
Unused lampshades are easily packed in good sized hat boxes and if the sizes graduate, several can be stored in one container. Wrap paper a i: :i||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| moving, he ears to i “Fragile” to avoid
»
If
money
world
1 <
WI I
I
i s c Co. ri
29
eao
• ••
buy
nu
i
i»

###PAGE###3###
F i lot, Pftcacagcr Escape Death
Canada Sets Example For South Africa
“Angelic” Fashion
Trend
With ft view to giving the littlft girl fashion trend ft hand, worth* of K* daintiness, ''Angelic.” ft new and sweetly tender rose shade of creme nail polish, is offered. Crifi ated especially to accent porcelain delicacy in dazzling summed whites, ethereal pastels and gar* dsn party sheers, its pale, innocent rose adds a diabolically, ingenuous note to town, country and beach ensembles alike. Angelic is care-felly designed to conceal nail defects, and impart a surface aS smoothly lustrous filing vase.
NEWS
NTARIO
UTDOORS

à


PARADE
\

By VIC BAKER

OUest mmd Y
Self-
%;
ONTARIO CREEL CENSUS
A creel census has recently been completed by interested parties in Eastern Ontario which shows that the average catch for the average fisherman is five fish per day.
The census was based on 16,000 creel census cards collected from anglers during 1938. These 16,000 anglers fished 48,408 hours and caught 92,967 fish, thus averaging three and a third hours for each Ashing trip and catching 1.6 Ash and hour.
Of the 16,000 Ashcrmen represented, 4,380 were trout fishermen who spent 16,404 hours Ashing and averaged eight-tenths Ash an hour. The average catch in non-trout waters was 1.9 Ash an hour. Fishing in trout waters was decidedly better in the northern regions than in fhe southern peninsula district. Resident trout anglers caught fewer Ash per hour than did non-residents, the creel census results showed.
Women Are Good Fishermen
Other interesting sidelights noted in the census report were that women anglers who waded in and dropped their lines in the swift running brooks caught only half as many Ash as men. But women who Ashed the lakes were just successful as the opposite sex. Of the stream Ashermen, only four and a half per cent, were women while seven per cent, of lake Ashermen were women.
Restocking Depleted Waters
If the total number of anglers were to be multiplied by the Ave fish averaged a day, the figures would run into startling totals. It Is, therefore, obvious that anglers must depend upon the natural reproduction of native fish in wild waters for the maintenance of the flsh supply and good fishing. Conservation officials admit that it is impossible %to keep our natural supply by planting from the hatcheries, without natural propagation in wild waters. The hatchery can serve its purpose in restocking depleted waters, but the bulwark of sustained good fishing is clean waters and adequate protection for spawning and young fish.
ROW
IMMIGRATION AUTHORITIES BUSYi Not since the days of mass settlement of the western prairies have Canada's immigration authorities been as busy as they are today. However the character of their activity is a little different In the eld days their Job was to encourage foreigners to settle in Canada and to make the Dominion their home.
At present there are many restrictive clauses in the immigration laws but since the first of the year approximately 2,000 settlera have been able to get through the tangle of immigration red tape with which Canada's boundaries are now protected. Thess settlors are self supporting and are bringing new money into our Dominion which is the chief "red tape" requirement of the immigration department. The largest group came from the Sudeten area of Csecho-Slovakia. The second largest group consists of Catholics from Nasi Germany. The smallest group is comprised of* Jews who have fied the Hitler persecutions.
SCOTLAND YARD . GUARDS AGAINST THREATS: The greatest campaign in the history of Scotland Yardw commenced last week in an attempt to guard against threats of new terrorism attributed to the Irish Republican Army.
Immediately after the King's Assent had given the police broader powers to curb the I.R.A. bombing outrages, they began rounding vp suspects for deportation—possibly on warships—and put special guards around scores of famous buildings. These included the Royal Palaces, Westmisnter Abbey, Government offices and Parliament Buildings from which tourists were banned. About 15,000 police were involved in the precautionary activities in the London area alone.
PULP:	Canada manufactures
about thirty-five per cent, of the world's supply of newsprint and exports more than all the other countries combined, according to the recent "Canadian Resources Bulletin."
NEW APPEASEMENT RUMORS: For the past fortnight the air has been thick with rumors, many of - j which were obviously hatched in Berlin to weaken Polish, French and general European confidence in Britain's promise to stop further Germany aggression.
The most astonishing report was that Britain was considering buying off Hitler to the tune of a five-biilion-dollar-loan to enable Germany to change over from a war to a peace economy in return for steps toward disarmament and willingness to follow the ways of peaceful negotiation.
In London, presumably to attend an international whaling conference was Dr. Helmuth Wohl-that, Hitler's star travelling salesman. Officially he it chief economic adviser to Field Marshal Goer-ing. In the course of unofficial conversations with R. S. Hudson, head of the Department of Overseas Trade, he was gixen am outline of a scheme for an Anglo-German convention. The enormous loan was the outstanding feature in the conversation.
WoMthat went back to report to Geering and news of the conversation leaked out. The British public became upset and thoroughly angry upon receiving this news.
More angry still was Mr. Hudson who supposed that word of the confidential conversation had been extended by Wholthat himself as a weapon to spread mistrust and more dissatisfaction in Europe.


Csnada is the oldest self-governing Dominion in the British Commonwealth of Nations; South Africa the youngest And It Is fît ting that the youngest member of the family should pay due regard to the example set by the eldest, so that when its turn comes to receive the same honour—as come, we hope, It will—It may know how to comport Itself with dignity and decorum. But that is not the end of the matter.
Both B1 Racial and Bilingual Canada and South Africa have a deeper tie than that of common membership of the world's greatest family of nations under one Sovereign head—a tie which Is not shared by the other Dominions. Both are bl-racial and bilingual. The Dominion of Canada has been In existence for 72 years; the Union of South Africa for 29 years— a difference of 43 years. It Is only natural, therefore, that South Africa should look to Canada for some indication of the lines on which Its own future msy be expected to develop, and also for inspiration in pushing forward that development, so that the racial tranquility of Canada today may be achieved by South Africa in the shortest possible time.


rwmm



JE


as that of i


BEE HIV
t
•JÊ
\
A
<P<
>

#
m
.11
i
.11
4*
#
tes»
Pilot William Hodges of Toronto, and Roman Braun,* manager of Peter-boro Air Services, had a miraculous escape from death when the seaplane in which they were flying crashed into a field north of Peterboro, Ont. Pilot Hodges received facial lacerations whi.j Braun escaped with a severe shaking-up.
i

i
Do not use soap to clean hair brushes. Dip the bristles up and down in a pan of hot water to which a little ammonia, soda or borax has been added. Afterwards rinse down to dry. To stiffen the bristles add a little alum to the last rinsing water.
Will End
German Monopoly
VOICE
of the
PRESS
t
t
m
9
Firm to Manufacture The Beryllium Alloys
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
A monopoly held by Germany, vital to the manufacture of airplanes and metal for war machines, has been broken with the announcement by O. H. Babcock, at Burlington, Ontario, that he Is heading a new firm for the manufacture of beryllium alloys.
Mr. Babcock states that the new plant will be erected near the international border at Niagara Falls and will use beryllium ore from deposits In the United States.
He states that the new plant will thus ensure Canada, the United States and Great Britan a steady supply of thq alloy for the manufacture of war and industrial machinery breaking the monopoly formerly held by the Reich in this field.
BECOMING A PLAGUE
Hitch-hiking is assuming nuisance proportions. At convenient corners, forks and intersections the hitch-hikers stand singly, in pairs and even groups soliciting rides—and if they did not get so much encouragement the breed would soon die out. Many of them could well afford to travel by rail but prefer the road, being optimistic to believe they will be picked up if they wait long enough. The hitch-hiker is a product of the motor age. People made their own way in the days before cars became common. It ia a species of begging, and is practised by people who would never dream, and have no need, of holding out their hands for money.—Stratford Beacon-Herald.

z
Beat
A
%
%
V
t Sr*\


r# a/.
X's
*2? 2
« «
<
' 7
Ji
i ' e
* *.
Ducks Increase

X2

y
\
More Ducks Breeding in Western

Canada Than in Past Four
s
X
J *
Year.
&
S
According to Canadian field men connected with Ducks Unlimited, in Canada, there ducks breeding in Western Canada this year than at any time over the past four years.
The increase has been particularly noticeable among redheads, pintails, baldpates, blue-winged teal and shovellers. A fair increase has been noted

&
are more
Books And You
C *

TRUTH!
Kicking is easier than pulling, but it does not move the load.— Edmonton Journal.
y
BY
1
ELIZABETH EEDY
# ,
:

COURAGE IN ADVERSITY Many Chinese are inclined to take a philosophical view tha; the invasion of China by the Japanese is a blessing in disguise. It has at least brought about unity and it has shown that China’s armed forces are by no means inferior to those in Japan.—Hong Kong Press.
SUMMER ROMANCE Many a romance that began splendidly beside a splashing waterfall at a Summer resort has ended miserably beside a leaky faucet at a kitchen sink.—Kitchener Record.
"THE BRANDONS** By Angela Thirkell
among
canvas backs, ruddy ducks, and green-winged teal while scaup and goldeneyes have shown but a slight increase.
Observers are fearful of drought again, claiming great losses are threatened from water drying up.
"r *
Here is a stimulating novel that makes summer reading pleasant— in fact nearly every page provokes mirth and light-heartedness with ita combination of wit and humanness.
f
f
* V

—Ares’I You Cuttis* That Corser Rather Sharp 7
It is a story of the Brandon family. The Brandons live in the beautiful country at Pomfret Madrigal, near Baxchester. Mrs. Brandon "whose easy conquest of men of all ages is one of the family’s standing jokes which she acknowledges without encouraging’’—Delia, her daughter who is sixteen when the story opens—and Francis, her handsome twenty-one-year-old son. Their pleasant life in this story centres around an eccentric and rich old "Aunt Sissie” who is always threatening to disinherit them and to leave hex fortune to a distant cousin, Hilary Grant.
Hilary Grant arrives at Pomfret Madrigal and succumbs to Mrs. Brandon’s charms with all of his twenty-one-year-old heart. Thus complications arise which hold the readers’ interest and curiosity to see how "Aunt Sissie" finally disposes of her fortune.
Mrs. Thirkell’s gift of subtle satire and good humor combine to make "The Brandons" ideal for home-vn-the-veranda reading or for tacking into the holiday suitcase for moments of relaxation. -
Canadian Schoolboys Quests of British Army





-	ppppp
**.?*•	/.X::
-	%


¦


!
conquest
I


VM
LEGAL VERBOSITY
' The verbosity in the phrasing of our legal documents can be traced directly to the scriveners of the seventeenth century. For penning business contract®, legal writings and ruch documents, they charged their clients for every word written.—Michael L Toll, in the Week.
LITTLE HERR ECHO!
Most people will echo the sr.ying of the annoyed English housewife who declared that she wished Hitler would marry and settle down. —Midland Free Press.
-

1j|L> 1
%
Ssii




4

x




Human Barometer
x. 3 <
t
Man Probably Doesn’t Know How Many Use Him As Barometer
IS
Wooden spoons can be kept from splitting if before being used they are greased thoroughly with lard or butter; it should be allowed to soak in well.
U

A few miles out of Leeds, England, ia a roadman who may be men at work six days a week, winter and summer alike. He is a little man, and it is doubtful If he has any idea that quite a number of the people reagrd him as their barom-


REG EAR FELLERS—Clear Conscience
By GENE BYRNES
eter.
If he is wearing his black leather coat early In the morning those who have come to recognise hie astonishing ability to forecast the day's weather know that rain, or a cool wind, is sure to come. If he hangs his black coat on a gatepost, even if the morning is dull, fine weather is certain.	T *

-i
—

Il
rJF YOU REALLY FOUND A DOLLAR, Pinhf A D,*TOU SHOU ADVERTISE IN A PUBLIC PLACE FOR v TME LOSER /
ILL DO IT Wl3 7 VERY MIN/T, AÇGIE / * HONESTY I» TM*
, BEST INSURAfÆ
All I HOPE 13 THAT IT WASN'T THE QUY WITH THE JH4AY EYU „
. V/HO LOST IT/
I
LD
• I •
, , **¦*•*«* Aoer _LA *• OOLLtn.
'Jt lLfcei»tâ
POLICY" IS MY MOTTO /
l
* %
i
i
a



Hardly Ever Makes Mistake He has hardly ever been known to make a mistake, and many people In the neighborhood decide whether they will go motoring on Saturday afternoons or stay at home by looking out to see if the
Ml

4%
# e
I
i
• •
I
;-L:
>
X

6
#3
IF
^0
roadman’s mat is hanging on the
9',
1
w »
> 1M
S
é
A

###PAGE###4###
¦L


'S\*\ f\
request of the Department, that this Board meet regularly as follows : on the second Friday of September, November, January, March and June.—Carried.
Motion by Venir. MacKectmie,* that this Board levy a rate of 8^ mills on the dollar on all taxable property within this Municipality to defray the expenses of this Bdixrd for the current year ; al>o 80 cents monthly fees from Ratepayers children and #1.00 per month for out side children,—Carried.
On motion of Com* Poole the meet ing then adjourned.
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE

SHAW VILLE. AUG. 17, 1939
Here They Are, Our First
Shur-Cain Feeds
Quebec Bureau of Mines Laboratory Reports Busy Year
The Quebec'Bureau of Mines maintains three laboratories for the convenience of the mining industry located at Quebec, Montreal and Thetford Mines.
During the fiscal year ending June 30th,
1939, the main laboratory in Quebec made 14,413 separate determinations, assays or analyses of the 11,678 samples received, 10,746 of them contained gold and silver. In Montreal during the
*r: ’-r*
samples : gold and silver were found in A regular meeting of the Municipal m 2,372 of them. In the laboratories Council held on above date at the usual at Thetford Mines tests were made to place of meeting. Present :	Mayor, A.
deteimine the grade of asbestos fibre. Kennedy, and Councillors Smiley, \N est-From the Quebec laboratories alone, hronke, Mttldom and Fraser.
On motion of Crs Smiley-\A eat brooke,
were con
Buick
Chevrolet,
Sales
»
I
Service
les. A. Stkklk,
Sec.-Treas
$2.10
Fattening Mash For chiokm Hog Grower, .... Pig Starter.........
South Onslow Council
190
i
-
-
Fence
Requirements
2.25
For Your
%
more than 2000 letters were sent to
various prospectors advising them of the the minutes of last meeting value of their samples and as to the firmed as read.
possibilités of their claims. Besides On motion of Crs Muldoon-M est written communications, oral advice brooke, the following bills were ordered and helpful pointers were given to the paid :
prospectors who came to the Bureau m	Athol Inglee, road list..... *4t>
person.	Win. Draper, u “............. 30	(M
As soon as the samples are	received	K. W. Bowie, registrar	...	i>	85
they are numbered and sent	to the	John Robinson, gravel............ 4	00
laboratory for testing These	tests are	J. Biehler, road list........... 75	«0
carried out immediately and	if the	H, Mulligan, spikes (Inglee) ..	1	10
samples contain gold and silver, the Councillors ClarkeAoung, then took results are sent to the prospector within their seats at the Board.
24 hours of the time the samples are	Building & Jury Fund ........... 12	00
received. Other minerals take slightly	J. M. Argue, cedar...........•	87	06
longer to determine, but as soon as the	0. Fraser, re. Warble	Hy ....... 10	50
results are known, they are sent out the	H. Cochrane, road list.......... 23	50
same day. This rapid service is very	H. Bronson, Bristol-Ouslow
important to the prospector.	Some town line
very interesting information relative to In connection with the law suit re the mineral resources of the Province McMullen
has been obtained from the samples	H. Steele......................$!•>	00
sent in. During the year the laboratory	S. Wilson ..	  3	00
actually found three mineral substances.	W. MacKevlmie .................. 20	00
Some of these of course have no com-	A. Kennedy ..................... 25	00
mercial value as yet, but it ià interest J. Me Bane........*........... 1° 00
ing-to note that such a large number of	R. Taber..................... 20	Oo
elements exist within the borders of the	F. Meriifield............... 3	00
Province of Quebec.	Joe Steele................... 25	00
Under the direction of the chief of	M. Muldoon...................... 10	00
the laboratories, 400 free lectures in	A. Olarke ......................  10	00
thirty-two different places were given to	Alex Davis, w.>rk ..............  2	00
more than 1,600 prospectors. These | Motion by Crs MuldooA-\ oung, that lectures taught them prospecting meth- Athol Inglee repair raid in Taber gul ods and how to recognize "ore ’ when ley—Carried.
the saw it.	Motion by Crs Young-West brooke, that
The laboratories of the Quebec Bureau Simon Martineau be .instructed to have of Mines are busy all year round serving river bridge painted.—Carried, the needs of the mining industry, and Motion by Crs Clarke-Smiley, that in particular aiding the small miner and Pat O’Hara be granted $25.00 to repair
prospector.	road.—Canned.
A petition was preset ><1 by Wm.
O’Riel ly re. side road to be re-located by Council. No action taken.
Motion by Crs Mu Moon-West brooke,
The Province of Quebec Safety that Pontiac Agricultural Society div. C. League traffic committee, following be given a grant of $200 00-1 arned. numerous complaints, has asked Major Motion by Crs Smiley-Clarke, that E. C. Girouard, Director of Provincial the Secretary write the Department of Highway Police to issue instructions to Roads at Ay1 mer to have brush cut on
Mine road—Carried
\
RED'D.
\
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO
¦
1
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company's
#
Famous Tight Lock Fencing
motion No. 7 passed on July 3rd, 1939, j t>e recinded and that this Council adopt a resolution according to a form prepared by the Bank of Montreal—Carried. '
was read from North This was held over for next
Steamships Paid Respects
With Blast of Whistle
Clyde line ships pass Miss Kate's silently now, but for half a century, and until Miss Kate died at the age of 90 a decade ago, no Clyde ship ever entered the Cape Fear at Southport, N. C., without a three-blast salute of the whistle
The legend of the salutes is only one of the rich memories of the old house, which sets out boldly at the entrance of the Cape Fear, a hundred yards closer to the water than any other house in tiTis fishing town Built 125 years ago, the house descended from Stuart to Stuart It is said that every governor of North Carolina from 1800 until the death of Miss Kate Stuart has been a guest of the riverside home. President Wovdrow Wilson’s father, who preached at Southport, was a fre quenl visitor at the house.
When Miss Kate was mistress of the hospitable house, she had as a guest a young girl, daughter of a Clyde tine official. A steamboat of the line carrying the girl’s father puffed by the house, and the guest, excited, fell from the dock into the river in which a swift tide was running
jumped after her and swam ashore with the drowning girl.
From then until the day Miss Kate died, vessels of the line never passed the roomy old house without tooting their respects to the grand old lady.
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.

Onslow
meeting.	.	,
Motion by Beattie Hizsimnions, that
the following bills l>e approved and paid: M Z «german & Oo , cable ... #16 25 Imperial Oil Limited, road oil,.	6# 21
E. A. Pritchard, spikes etc ...	1 90
H. Beattie, services rendered..	3 00
T. J. Kearns, hauling gravel ... 123 00 Henry Smiley, re unpaid dog «tTfl
taxes ..	. •	« • «.... tO 00
Walton Smiley, labour on hill 7 50 Win Beattie. ' "	"	“	7 50
Building A’ Jury Fund ......... 12 00
H. H Ren nick.................. 12 10
Kelly & Ledac, holts........... 3 48
Geo. Hynes & Son, expenses re.
M Sullivan ...............
Grant Beattie, repairing grader «00 Labor on third concession...
James Gain, labour on road..........
Gladys O’Brien, till and «ravel 7 00 Loading gravel in division No 34 ^ 14 75 Well. Smith,	22 yds gravel	2 20
Austin Gibbons 13	"	44	1 3 *
John Dods E irl Dods E Pirie,
V. Major
«4 is
x
8 40

à
j. I,. HODCilNS
Phone 64 J.
X
AlAZA
6 83
ai^'SjaJ3iar3I3I5J5JSJ3,r2îS
10 75
5 00
DALE’S TINSHOP
is
41
1 20
12
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
4%
12 20
G 00 16 00
44
122
44
44
60
4%
44
320
Transporting Passengers By Trucks
Miss Kate, fully clothed.
¦¦¦ I kb-.r h iding gravel Gatineau Power Co., lights for
Bristol two months ......
J. Millar, supplies to Jas. Me*
D maid
J. E. 1 bigg, timber A. Dagg
6 00
BEATTY PUMPS
24 00
12 52
30 52 *5
Wm McQuaig, labour on streets 22 17 A letter was read from J. R Giovaiv This was left over till next meet-
44
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
his officers requesting them to be more	4.
severe in connection with those who Motion by l rs Snu.ey-ioang, that violate the by law concerning transport Crs l raser and V\ est brooke, inspect and
have repaired the Lonsdale gulley—
Carried.
On motion of Or Young the Council then .adjourned.
Education Takes to the Water
A floating government school, equipped with auditorium, books, radio. and movie apparatus, is reported on tour of Chinese rivers, giving mass information cm health, music, news, and such practical technique as might be needed in case of air raids and chemical warfare. Much of Chinese life is already linked with her waterways. In this vast, thickly peopled country, an intricate network of canals, creeks and rivers does duty in place of or as a supplement to roads. Millions of Chinese families live in junks anchored outside the teeming cities. Though modern steamers now chug along the coast and up and down China's interna] flowing roads, the ancient and characteristic junk is still a familiar sight. In various colors and shapes, these craft carry much of China's enormous river-borne trade. Occasionally one even crosses the ocean.
nucci
mg
of passengers by truck.
This regulation is contained in paragraph 6, article 49, of the Motor Vehicle Act which stipulates that a violation of the act is committed by whosoever, ‘ being the owner of a commercial vehicle or of a delivery car, uses same or permits the use thereof for the transportation of persons for a pecuniary consideration, whatever may be the number of persons, or for the transportation without ; pecuniary consideration of more than ten persons at one time, unless, in either case, such persons are members oft he family or employees of the owner who are being transported to the place where they are working or who are returning therefrom.”
Referring to the Louiseville tragedy, president Alfred Leduc observed that too many trucks were encountered on the highway, overloaded with children, and that it would not belong before another catastrophe occurred in this province.
Major Girouard replied that he would be pleased to follow up on the league's suggestion and would issue severe warn ing on this subject so that the law be respected for the general safety of the population.
A letter was read from the Départit was agreed
u.ent of (,’oloniz iti(iî>m WJUÊÊË
that the Sec-Treis. answei this letter.
Motion by Henderson-Orr, that Constable Fred Nichols'term be extended to September 11th, 19.39, and that be be instructed to inspect the cot tiges f«>r
and -also for fire
Jos. A. Steelr Sec.-Treas
sanitary purposes hazards.	I I
Motion by Henderson-Fitzsimmons, August 7th. 1939. I that the Sec-Treas. have notices piinted The Municipal Council of Bristol met and sent to all doç’owncrs who have not above date for their regular meeting, paid all or insufficient dog taxes accord Members present—Mayor McLelDn and ing to the report of the officers sent out Councillors Duff, Fitizsimmons, Hen- by the Council. All dog taxes to be derson, McNeill and Orr.	paid before Sept. 1st, 2 939—Carried.
The minutes of last regular meeting! Oo motion of Cr Beattie the meeting read and on motion of Orr and adjourned.
Bristol Council
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
on
4
were *
Duff were adopted.
Motion by Orr Duff, that this Council give a grant of #50.00 to be spent on the Bri.ttol-Clarendon townline between the sixth and eighth concessions under road
Bgagpesaeg
¦
8» mp
Walter Easey be appointed a working supervisor over this work—Carried.
H H. Walsh appeared and asked for
a settlement for his land and also for,	.	.	-	4,	,
hie rence Ukec down when ttaljhg.	K
¦	employed by the natives for the
uuildmg of huts and bridges and
msm
Motion by Henderson-Beattie, that KCl8,
ESTABLISHED 1888
H. I. Smith,
S cc-Treat
J
INVALID
COACH
OBOHGB HYNES St SON
Minutes of Council Onslow North
Directors of Funeral Service
August 7th, 1039
Regular meeting held on above date. Present, Mayor Andrew Daley and Councillors Farrell, Vail il lee and Arrait-
more
Shawville, Que.
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
Phone 80
age
Motion by Crs Farrell-Armitage, that the minutes of July 3rd. 1939, as read be adopted —Carried.
Letters of Patrick Sheehan and O. Kemp, presented.
» Motion by Crs Vallillee-Armitage, that Patrick Sheehan be sold this Township’s claim on Lots sold for taxes, as part of 17c, Range 13, at March, 1936, l ind sales for #55 00, to be paid Sept. 5th, 1939. failure of payment on said date, this sale to be automatically can celled—Carried.
Letter of Fort Coulonge Board of Trade, regarding continuation of No. 8 highway from Sheen boro to connect with No. 46 highway at Tcmiskaming, presented.
Motion by Crs Farrell-Armitage, that this Council approves of the construction of said highway as soon as possible as it would be a great benefit to this district and the travelling public, and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Minister of Highways, Quebec. —Carried.
3 Motion by Crs Vallillee Farrell, that the Secret ary-Treasurer be authorised to l>.iy this Townships note at the Bank of Montreal, Quyoo, when due if sufficient funds on band—Carried.
Motion by Crs Aru-itage-Farrell, that this Council adjourn until September 5, 1989, at one o’clock in the afternoon.
July 28, 1939
A meeting of the School Commission crs of South Onslow held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present :— Commissioners Henderson, Poole, Burden and MacKechnie.
On motion of Comr. Burden, J. H Henderson was appointed Chairman for the coming year, and on motion of Comr. Burden the .minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read.
On motion of Comr Poole the following bills were ordered paid viz :
Harvey Smiley, 4 cords wood..
M. Joyce, treats for closing ...
W. MacKechnie, work at No l E. Hamilton, .
Audit Fees.................",	25 00
Guarantee Bond, ............ 6 50
On motion of Comr MacKechnie, the audit was adopted, and MacKechnie & Co., appointed auditors for 1940— Cai ried.
Motion by Comr. Burden, that all Ratepayers in arrears be notified to have same paid on or before September let or they will be handed in for collection.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Poole, that the Schools open September 7th —Carried.
Motion by Comr MacKechnie, that this Board accept the well at No. 3 School from Albert Martineau, and that he be paid #50.00 as per agreement— Carried.
Motion by Comr Poole, that as per
Beattie’s .Eye Service
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guidé your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
1
I
Sio 00
24 90
1 50
“	“	3
4%
8 95
Caae From Malay
Cane used for the construction of
Norway Bay road was imp fall. This was left over till
Scientist Eye Examinations
next meet
lD6v
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
KATHLEEN II.ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE.
Prsf ottioasl Optometrist
t.
Andrew Farrell,
Sec Treat
J

i

¦k fcgti
A.+B
###PAGE###5###

NOTICE
Service Announoetnent
Hhawvillk ükitru Church fiK> A. F. Fokm B. A, &D. P*itor
Sunday August 80
11.00 A.m. Service at Shawville	' 4
3.00	p.m.—Servioe at Stark’s Corners
8.00	p.m.*-Evtning Service at Zion
The evening service at Shawviilo is withdrawn.	WÊÊ
At all church services the PastOf preach.
The Equity
PRINTING
Tu Whom It May Coiccir* I 1» re*
by give notice that I will not be r<^ sponsible for any debt contracted in
my name by. Stewart L Crawford.
£
Mm. Bosk Cbawforo, Wife of the late Samuel Crawford.
Thorne, Que., August 7, 1930.
FLY SPRAYS
SelsHleM* IMS
rOSMWHSD sveitr TBVRSDAT AT
SB AW VILLI. QUEBEC
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your i
$150
• #
use.
will
2.00
as
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, j and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable Fly Spray
On Weal Coast, Husband
la Chief Breadwinner
AU avrear* mutt be paid In full before any paper I» discontinued
ANGLICAN
St. Paul1»
Sunday, August 80 Mr. A C. Lawrknok in charge
11.00 a m. —Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity 3 00 p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Lurk's Service Withdrawn
PARMI! OF North CLARK#DON Mr. Hum M"UTiMKR, in charge' Sunday, August 20
North Onslow, Holy Communion 10.30 Greermount,
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer, Preacher : Rev. Stanley Andrews
Changing times have brought much talk on the subject of wives ând children whose earnings supplement family Income, but a study of 8,784 small-city and village families in Washington, Oregon and California, reports 9 out of 10 husbands as the chief breadwinners and 7 out of 10 the sole support of their families. Husbands provided nine-tenths of the earnings that supported these families.
There was nothing unusual about these families, mays a bulletin by the federal bureau of home , economics. All of them included a husband and wife, both native-born. In the four cities—Klamath Falls, Eugene, and Astoria, Ore , and Olympia, Wash.—one-half of the families studied had incomes of $1,555 or less. In the 12 Washington and Oregon villages the lower one-half of the incomes were below $1,024, and below $1,355 in the 12 villages in California.
• With so large a cross-section of the native-white, unbroken families, no one kind stands out as typical. The bulletin pictures the responsibilities for maintenance and the income situation of all families studied. Of every 10 families, five consisted of three or four persons, three included husband and wife only, and the remaining two had five or more family members. Average size of small-city and village families in this region was about 3.5 persons. One wife in seven did paid work to supplement family income, women's earnings were so small, because many of them worked only part-time, tffat they provided a scant 5 per cent of aggregate family earnings.
Almost half of both city and vil lage families lived in owned homes. Housing costs for renters were not high—about 6 out of 10 of all the families that rented their homes paid less than $20 a month. Rent took much less than the traditional one-fifth of total income. Families in the upper income brackets had even larger shares of their incomes left after rents were paid.
W. G. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements^
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags

Farm for Sale
l

Well Improved Farm, being Lot 11 the 4th tUngd of I lie Tuwnnhip of Clarendon, containing 60 ecree more or lena, four miles south of Simwville Fvr further partieuleire apply to,
' 4 MRS. JAS. P. CARSON,
R. R. No. 8, ShawVille, Que. •
'


THE CORNER STORE
on
%
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
• HAWVILLE
#
Phone 22--23
2.30
Evening Prayer Evening Prayer
I
7 30
7.30
MID-SUMMER
SPECIALS
NOTICE
lie : Estate ok ;iOHN HORNER,
late of the Township of Clarendon, Farmer...
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
All parties laving claims Against the
above Estate are r« quested to tile the
with tli3 undersigned within fifteen
said
same
days ; *!*<> all accounts owing Estate must be settled within the above specified time.
Boot & Shoe Department
EARL HORNER ARTHUR HORNER,
USED CARS
Shaw ville, Que., Executors
Clearing lines of all womens’ white sandals oxfords, etc., only odd sizes left, if your size is here, come in for a bargain.
or
But
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage 1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
HARLAND C. ROWAfi N.P. Shawville, Que.
Shaw ville, Que., August 0th "19.M
<>
a
School Girls’ Special
Crowing Girls'brown suede and brown leather combination oxfords, the very latest for School Girls ; Also black suede and black
NOTICE
JOHN H. CAMP
He : Estate or BELL, Lite of Ac Township of
Clarendon, Farmer,
AU pirtie* having claims against the above Estate are requested to file the with the undersigned within
leather combinations
I
same fifteen days.
G. A. Howard & Son
HARLAND C. ROWAÎ, N.P.
Shawville, Que. Shawvil’e, Que, August.9th, 1939
The Lady Princess
Special string oxfords for growing girls, light tan rust with removable front
Ford Dealers
Oregon ‘Cabin Fever’ Was Caused by Frayed Nerves
Although the Oregon logger once considered a broken arm or leg a minor accident, and a thing to be expected in the course of everyday work," the most common malady affecting "brushest*" in the old days was a purely imaginary ailment called "cabin fever/’ which is still prevalent in camps off the beaten path. When two loggers were bunked together for months at a time a case of “nerves” was often the result. While their daily savings mounted, a feeling of caged frustration increased likewise, until one of the men finally came down with "cabin-fever." His cabin mate might be a pal of years' standing, yet he would suddenly seem obnoxious:	his laugh would seem in-
tolerable, and even the color .of his eyes, or the part in his hair . appear distinctly repulsive. Wfien the logger with “cabin-fever” drew his pay, he usually set out for the nearest town to blow in his savings on a wild and hectic spree.. Generally he returned with empty pockets and a hangover—to find his partner a congenial soul once more.
cr
Quebec
Shaw.Ville,
$1.98
Survey Reveals Opinions On Criminal Pun'chroen*
Pardon and parole should l e aboi ished and persons convicted u crimes should serve their full sen fences except where injustice is re vealed by new evidence, in the opm on of 83 per cent of the men a nr i8 per cent of the women coveher n a sufrvey of 23.000 NorthwvsTrr National life insurance policy hold ers. Death penalty for murder was approved by 86 per cent o the men and 73 per cent of th< women: 38 per cent of the mer and 93 per cent^ of the v/ern'e* favored sterilization of habitua criminals. Many expressed a am over current conditions and favorer “cracking down” on tender treat ment of criminels. The first a::-of penal and legal forces should b* to protect the law-abiding by niak ing crime dangerous and its re wards unpleasant, thought 81 pci cent of the women and 78 per cent of the men, with rehabilitation ol the criminal important, but second The recommendations of those uestioned included separation ot us\ offerders from “repeaters” ir vv.fcor.s. c!n?ng of loopholes in pro :cdure through which “smart" lawyers can free criminals at a profit; placing of more police powers in federal hands; and use of criminals sentenced to execution for purposes of scientific research, the latter suggestion proceeding from a number of doctors.
Dr. Click’s Special
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
EEE $2.50
Worn with a smile. In 3 widths e-
—BE
The Monte Carlo
Black Suede Uou Sandal, the shoe with
reputation ....................
an international
........ $2.75
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Men’s Black Oxfords
Special for Ordinary Wear
$2.25
Phone. 278

• •••« •
»
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
The Beaverbrook Shoe
man who wants à
......... $2.95
A good sturdy oxford fur any medium priced ah
oe

The Marlborough Oxford
men, $4.00, $4.75, $5.25
Toy-Shop Bear
The Koala bear, for which the Australian government is reported to be seeking additional protection, is the living copy of the teddy bear found in toy shops, according to the National Geographic society. “With beady eyes, pointed noses, and short, sturdy bbdies, they are among nature's least offensive creatures. Their habits are curiously human A cuffing by the mother bear for misbehavior will bring cries from the young one that ¦esemble these of an unhappy child Once very common in Australia but now seen onjy in the east and southeast part of the continent, the Koala bear has been nearly exterminated by hunting (for the sake of the fur), and by the ravages of an epidemic of half a century ago ”
MacLean’s
The favorite shoe for
RED & WHITE STORE
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
25c
Pork & Beans, 20 ounce cans, 3 for
ltuiled Dinner, can 20c
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• I
Clarks Lamb Stew <»r Clarks Irish Stew, Fancy Keta Salmon, Prepared Mustard,
15c
per can tall cans 16 ounces
20 cts.
e • • •
Kraft Dinner, per package Serviettes. 100 to a package I Salted Sodas, 2 lbs. for .¦
Grapefruit Juice, per tin Mmgappk Juice, HHÉHI Orange Jnice HU Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for
Pears with heavy syrup Apricots or Peaches, choice quality, per tin
C. L. Pilchards, per tin
Salmon, pink, 2 for
Macaroni, with Cheese & Cream Sauce Wax Paper, per roll Paper Towels, lo0 to a roll Fancy Free Deserts, assorted flavors, 3 for
Lushus Jelly Powders, “	“ 3 for
Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut
Flakes
Rice Krispies, Pep, Bran Flakes, All Wheat
or Post Bran Flakes, 2 pkga. for
• 0 • •
• •
10c
15
44


R>jf iG. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT. a» see
25
<<
12c
• •
• tea
10
44
20c
44
32
Flowers,
u
15
a
a a
a
• • •
sees
gallon g|aM j»r 95c
.y* iso
18
44
ii U
in
a
a
• • 0 e
• •to
1
25
a
Phono 160
• •••
10 Bara Castile Soap
ta M
# * * #
13
a
• • • •
15
ii
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
15
ii
Everything for Pickling
XXX Pure MNH
Heinz Special Pickling
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
as collect.
05.00 or over phofie as collect
and we shall prepay.
• e • •
25
H

Vinegar, per gallon 40c
18
a
On
15
14
60c
44
• •
44
25
44
RBPBESSNTINO COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

» • • •
On orders of
25
44
25
44
10
44
• • • •
«
10
44
• • •
7 a
25
44
amd 11 p *
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
SHAWVILLE - QUE

###PAGE###6###
The percent**# of women wbe admitted to more than eight hoars sleep was 71; of men <5.
Irregularity „ In sleeping habit* was much more marked In higher and medium Income groups than among the poor.	,
Stork Migration Has Been Traced
tt
How Can I?
EXCUSE
BUT BIG BEN STAYS
FRESHER AND LASTS T*» LONGER! /
/f
IV ANNS ASHI.EV
ave Yon Heard

Um Dye'ng At New Marker
Method
I
o
Q.—How can I keep ^ NMP sweet for a long time, even in hot weather?
A.—Store in strong salt brine. The brine should be prepared in a stone jar. It should be strong enough to float a potato. Place the butter in this brine, cover the jar, and keep in a cool place. .
Q.—How can I whiten a straw hat which is badly sunburned?
A.—Remove the band and fasten the hat to the inside of a wooden box. Then invert the box over a dish of burning sulphur.
Q.—How can Lrelieve the pain-fill sting of mosquito bites?
ta with spirits

The law Imprinted on the hearts ot all men Is to love the members of society as themself es.—Roman.

To what extent la the migratory habit Inherent In the Stork? What are the limits of the bird's travels?
European bird lovers are adopting many expedients in their efforts to find out.
For years ringing has been the chief medium of getting at the real facts but now other schemes are being tried.
Recently fix Polish storks arrived at Croydon by air from Warsaw and they were Immediately conveyed by road to the Haxlemere Museum where Mr. C. I. Blackburne a well known British ornithologist recelxed them. Mr. Blaekburne has foro years been receiving storks, ringing and releasing them, but In regard to these birds he dyed their feathers in particularly bright and distinctive colors In order to render them immediately discernable to all watchers of bird life in European countries.
sss
Make À Monkey Owl Of Mi*
À wise guy stepped up to the bus as it stopped the other morning and said to the driver: “Well, Noah, you've got here. Is the Ark
fun?"	:
The motorman answered back: ‘•Nope, we need one more monkey. Come on in."
Isn't It The Truth This the the time of year to get out the golf clubs, tennis racket, the swimming suit, the Ashing red and tackle, and riding boots go lie down under a shady tree.
G
1

CANADA PRESENTS THE
z

0m
0m
m
h
&
A.—Bathe the oar of camphor or witch haxel.
Q.—How can I clean brass articles effectively?
A.—Mix one gill of paraffin oil, H-gill of naphtha, and sufficient powdered tripoli to make a paste. Hub with this mixture, wipe off, and polish with a dry soft cloth.
Q.—How can I freshen stale biscuits ?
A.—Brush the stale - biscuits* lightly with cold water, then place in the oven for a few minutes, and U will restore their freshness wonderfully.
Q —How can I treat ivy or oak poisoning?
A.—A poultice of corn meal and hops, thoroughly soaked, ia said to be an excellent remedy.
I
*
and the»
I
I
Sh-h
In his announcements one Sunday the clergyman regretted that money was not coming in fast enough—but he was no pessimist.
“We have tried," he said, “to raise the necessary money in the usual manner. We have tried honestly. Now we are going to see what a bazaar can do."
¦
adequate not only in calcium and iron, but also in vitamins D, C and B complex, and low in vitamin A. Persons on such a diet can get vitamin D only from the sunshine they may absorb. Vitamin D prevents rickets. Vitamin C prevents scurvy; A and B support the growth process. The B complex vitamins perform a variety of functions, aid the nerves and prevent pellagra.
Dye Is Harmless The dyeing of the feathers, it Is pointed out, can be done without any harmful effects on the bird because it In no way tends to clog their feathers, but leaves them soft and resilient, exactly as they are In their natural state.
Birds Flew Off In Different Directions
After the dyeing had been completed the birds were given a good feed of fish and released. For a while they showed no Inclination to take their departure from the huge grounds of the museum but eventually, one by one they rose Into the air, circled over Hazelemere and, much to the surprise of observers, flew off In different directions. Only one bird hit a course which, If It fololw sit ETA ETAO OA EA it follows It, will lead It back to Poland.
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LE*.
1.	—May a woman invite a guest tc a bridge party, when she has never been in this guest's home?
2.	—Where should a girl sit when she lunches or dines in a restaurant with a man?
3.	—What should the father of the bride do after he gives her away.
4.	—Isn’t it impudent for a per-•on in company to be unusually forward, always wanting to “hold the centre of the floor"?
5.	—Is it necessary to thank a doorman when he opens the door for you?
6.	—What would be the correct phrase to use when introducing two women?
No Alternative Kind-hearted Old Lady — Poor man, and are you married? ggggggggl
Begg
lady, do yen think I'd be relying
support if I had a wife?
Bless my heart,
Women Get
CONFECTIONERY
COMPLICATIONS
Scientific research has invaded the realm of candy eating. Through laboratory experiments it has been found that candy makes a sort of flash when broken in the dark. But not all candy 1 If one wants a flashing candy one is limited to sugar wafers flavored with wintergreen, lime, lemon, clove or sassafras. If, however, one does not want flashes with his candy, better stick to flavors of chocolate, licorice and cinnamon. Candy is not just candy any more, modern age complicates everything?
total strangers for

Most Sleep
Generous Angus
Mrs. McTavish went to her husband and said, “Angus, I had a funny dream last night. I dreamt you gave me a hundred pounds."
“Well," said Angus, “you've been a grrrand wife lately, sc I'll let you keep it."
Results of Questionnaire Sent Throughout Great Brstain

Most people sleep at least eight
hours a day; women sleep mors
than men; and the rich sleep less
than the poor.
These Interesting facts
Fmnire Srhnrtl*	I been revealed by the answers to a
iLin^n t ovnoois	questionnaire sent out to members
Exchange News I Of all classes throughout Great Britain.
Only three per cent, of the total number questioned said they got six hours or less sleep, but 14 per cent, said they normally slept more than nine hours and 2 per cent, said they slept more than ten.
Only forty per cent, of the young were able to say that they had bad their normal amount of sleep every night the previous week, while the proportion among those over fifty was 65 per cent.
have

Flattering Clear
Red Lipstick
A • # V «
Answers
1.—Yes; thrs is frequently done. One or the other must make the first move. 2.—She usually takes the seat that faces the door, and is supposed to sit opposite the man if the table is a small narrow one. 3.—He takes his place next to his wife, at the end of the first pew on the left of the church, i».—Yes; it is not only impudent but a display of ignorance. Gre-ville tells us, “Unbecoming forwardness oftener proceeds from ignorance than impudence."
No. This is merely a routine service that he performs hundreds of times a day, and he does not expect to be thanked each time. 6.—“Miss Allen (the elder), may I introduce Miss Adams (the younger) ?”
53.
This
An empire service for 160 schools scattered over Canada, South Africa, Malaya, Borneo, Falkland Islands, India and Britain has been inaugurated by the Empire Article Exchange society.
Student reporters and photographers cover what interests them and send their copy to the editor, J. J. B. Dempster, headmaster of Milbank Elementary school, Westminster. He turns out a newspaper which is sent to the 160 schools.
The big story in a recent edition was a report of how 17 boys and girls from a one-rcomed country school in Saskatchewan travelled 260 miles over difficult country for a brief glimpse of hte King and Queen in the royal train touring Canada.

May Be Worn By Any Type

A clear red lipstick Is perfect for summer complexions. It will do a lot more for your Individual coloring than any lipstick you have ever used! If you are fair, It will emphasize the dazzling whiteness of your skin — and if you are tanned —it will make your sun-warmed color glow with new life and vivacity. In fact, it's the sort of gay. challenging. youthful red for which every summer complexion clamors!
Wear It With Any Color Of Gown There's not a single color In the fashion picture with which you cannot wear it. What drama it suggests with cool, frosty white! Its vividness makes an exciting accent for all the summer greens and yellows and pastels and all the shades of blue from sky to navy. It's incredibly smart with the black sheers you’ll be wearing for shopping days in town, and you can also wear it for every summer occasion from your early round of golf to dancing under the stars. In a tennis dress, at a smart luncheon, in a shady hat — your lips will be lustrous with this vivid red that suggests the glowing health that Is the true beauty. And at night, neither electric light nor moonlight .will dim the gleam of this brilliant splash of color on your lips. '
ALS1FILM ONWARD
Last year Professor Ernst Alfred Hauser of Massachusetts Institute of Technology discovered a new kind of wrapping material— odorless, tasteless, impervious to fire and corrosion by acids—made from bentonite clay and called “Alsifilm". Alsifilm is already being used to replace mica (isinglass) in electric motor and generator insulation.
The first Alsifilm was whitish and opaque, like a tough vellum paper. This quality suggested its use as a durable medium for writing and printing. Dr. Hauser is now making another kind, from a clay he discovered in California’s Deatn Valley, which is almost completely transparent and waterproof—usable as wrapper for tobacco and foods. He is also experimenting with this type as a possible material for photographic films and automobile windows.
###'
£sasss^&Sft
5.
IMS |
LiptKMi. (irwk*, ' FE }
:/
Sara
Uld I) I* 1)
hWifeol,

S5fl trial boitl*

What Science
»
4 ’ •
Sis
is
POSITION WANTED
Doing
$

BY
QUALIFIED ENGINEER
DIET SPIKED WITH VITAMINS
The possibility of “spiking" the white bread, sugar and meat diet, mainstay of low income classes, with calcium and other substances necessary for health was suggested recently by Dr. H. H. Mitchell of University of Illinois, at the Pacific Science Congress. *
Dr. Mitchell said this might be done by “salting" the dough with calcium or by increasing in the bread recipe the quantity of milk solids, which are high in calcium content.
Dr. Frederick F. Tisdall of University of Toronto cited a survey to show low income groups failed to receive sufficient quantities of these substances.
(•adequate In Calcium and Iron
The white bread, meat and sugar diet, he reported, was markedly in-
Libraries In

WITH
Canada Praised
Nine Years’ Experience i
Construction and Selling
BOX 20, 73 ADELAIDE STREET, WEST
Canadian Library System Superior To That In Britain
\ ^

Charles R. Sanderson, chief librarian of Toronto Public Libraries returned home from a visit to England and said he was “greatly encouraged" at having found that Canada has a higher educational standard than England and a better library system. ~
Of all the libraries he visited in the Old Country, not one, he said, was doing the work of the Toronto public libraries and the library service to the public was “enormously superior here."
Classified...
Advertising..
PUPS FOR SALK
AGEM'S WANT ^
*
AIREDALES AND BEAGLE PUPS; good stock, good breeding. Apply to Adam EL Hartmann, Neustadt, Ont.
RURAL MAN WITH CAR TO SELL oil among Farmers. Threshers, Truckers. Splendid opportunity. Write British Lubol Company. 676
Bay Street, Toronto.
PERSONAL
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
IIABY CHICKS
MAURY —WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hundreds to choose from. Some with means. Many farmers' daughters and widows with property. Particulars 10c, confidential. Canadian Correspondence Club. Bov 12*. Calgary. Alberta.
SHOPPING
WITHOUT CHARGE ELIZABETH Kent will shop for you In Toronto scores. Rend for description of free service. 45 Richmond 8t. W.. Toronto.
IXX)K AT THESE CHICK BARgains. Day old Grade A White Leghorns, 17.50; 90% Pullets. $14. 95; Cockerels. $3.00; Barred Rocks $7.95; Pullets, $10.95; Cockerels. $6.75. New Hampshire Reds, White Rocks, Hybrids $8.45; Pullets, $11.76, Cockerels $6.75. Ten day old add two cents, two week old add three cents, three week old add seven cents to day old prices. Extra add three cents, three week old add seven cents to day old prices. Extra Profit Grade add yne cent. Older Pullets and Capas*. Shipped COD. — Tweddlo «’hick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario
GIRLS WANTED TO LEARN Beauty Cluture, taught In a school chartered by the Dominion Government, branches from coast to coast, hundreds of successful graduates. We prepare you for provincial and state board examinations, rates reasonable. Call or write to Dept. A. Canadian Largest school, Big Marvel. 358 Bloor Stieet, W., Toronto.
*
0
\
mt
4
Algonquin Country Club, N.B.

&
COLORED AND MOUNTED

8
TIRES AND BICYCLES FOR SALE
ENLARGEMENT IN PORTRAIT easel mount. Free with each order. Films developed, printed 25c. Reprints 10 for 25c. Our never fade process and one day service assures
Photo Service, Adelaide 81. Station, Toronto.
BUS
$2 UP. GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles. $10 up. Write for bargain price list. Toronto Tire, 195 Dund&e West, Toronto.

LOOK AT THESE PRIVHT ,F<)H
high quality started chicks. W9 day old Barred Rocks, White Rocks, New Hampshire Rede, $9.45; 90% Pullets. $12.46; Cockerels, $8.75. Two week old add one cent to ten day old prices, three week old add five cents. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Prompt delivery shipped COD anywhere. Also older pullets. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.


you satisfaction. Best


USED FURNITURE FOR SALE



GOOD USED FURNITURE: 8 PIECE Dining Suite 115.00; Chesterfield Suites 120.00:	Chesterfield Bed
Suite 139.50; Studio Couches $10.00 9 Piece Dining Suites, like new, 149 60; Breakfast Suites $20.00. Hundred» of other articles. Write us for your requirements. Terms arranged If necessary. McKenna Furniture Co., Limited. 526 Bay Street, Toronto.
EDUCATIONAL

IS
1.

CANADIAN
NATIONAL

ENROLL NOW FOR TOUR FALL course of study. Ask ue about our Practical Advertising course. Complete your Matriculation The OCC way/' Canadian Correspondence College, 601 Ityrle Bldg. Toronto, Unt. Established 1902.
m

0810
t n n n * u t n

GET SOME OF THESE STARTED chick bargains before the season Is over. Ten day old Barred Rock, New Hampshire Reds, $*.96; 99% Pullets. $11.95; Cockerels. $8.56: two week old add one cent, three week old add five cents, four week old add ten cents to ten day old prices Large Egg Quality add one cent Prompt delivery. Also older pullets.—Top Notch Cbtckerles, Guelph, Ontario. .

A0*

NEW FURNITURE FOR SALE
TIRES
i
e
SAVE 20% UR MURE UN NEW Furniture, our large five-floor warehouse Is stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our W A REHOUSE we save an average of 20% and pass this big saving on to you. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid Write us to-day. Valuable prero-' turns given for sending customers to ue. McKenna Furniture Co.. Umited, 526 Bay Street, Toronto.
i

U • i
n
t .

Auq.25s>Sept.9
Standard Make Fully Guaranteed Write for Special Prices
MAYALL’S TIRE SERVICE


run *A: n
Con-csir&u j;i the New Brunswick-Prince Edward Island amateur championships on the Algonquin Country Club course, St. Andrews-by-the-Sea, N.B., discussed fortunes of the day at the golfing tea at the attractive clubhouse. Outstanding golfers from two of the Maritime Provinces t in the tournament which was eventually won by Pete C. Kelly, Charlottetown, star with the Detroit ttiim in the National Hocke League. Most of the players also enjoyed swimming at famed King’s Cove and took part in other recreation at the Algonquin Hotel, headquarters for the event

24-ln. MOUNT FOREST COMBINA-tlon .Separator, nearly new. Fred Black. «Sraaele. Ont.
ONTARIO
Alt MULE* FOR SALE
MËUi St.
When writing, please state size.
TORONTO
LAKE SHORE PROPERTY FOR sale on Skeleton Lake, good sand beach, good road to beach. Charles Stroud, Aspdin, Ont
OUILTINO PATCHES. FINEST A8-• no rt ment five pounds for one dollar. postage paid. E. Pul I a n Ltd., 460 Adelaide Street West, Toronto.
39
y

i

-

###PAGE###7###
A wall made of plaster is of tea difficult when it comes to making a nail hold firmly, but the difficulty can be overcome if, after making the hole for the nail in the wall, a tube of some reliable sticking preparation is held so that some of its contents may be press* ed into the hole. The nail is inserted and when dry holds firmly»
CBL, Alec Templeton 10 p.m.,
NBC, If I Had a Chance
llth, 8.10 p.m., CBL, Goldman
Stadium Concert
8.10 p.m., CBL, CFRB, Serenade
y or
ronto Proo.
Schooner Crmne Island Get in Two
AOg.

Sunday
School
Lesson

•AO	CBfl, CFRB.
August IT,
g.
llr
4
******


******



•	p.m., CBL, To-
•	10 p.m., CBS, CFRB. Columbia Workshop 10 p.m., CBL, Kraft Music Hall
iy X
fy
à

« %




I -







F,

>
R/
f This Curious vPorld
\
By William Ferguson
LESSON VII Æjr ELISHAi A LIFE OF HELPFULNESS.—2 King» 5)1*1» Golden Teal.—Be ye kind to another... Eph. 4:32.
the lesson in its setting
Time.—We have no way of definitely determining the time when this miracle occurred, for Elisha himself lived in the reigns of at least »i« kings, but w# should not be far wrong in placing this
event about 1*00 B.C.
No locality is assigned
¦Lo
X



I




/
a '• x . :
r
A'\






m *
/
•4

w

K
. HM-	_	.
in this lesson telling ua where these events took place. Syria, of i* directly north of Pales-
PRONGHORN
ANTELOPE,'
*>•
Four members cf the crew of the schooner Crane Island were drowned when the vessel was cut in half by an unidentified freighter in the St. Lawrence river above Quebec. Captain Leo Bernier and Maurice Hoyescaped from the wrecked schooner. According to Captain Bernier, his vessel was struck by a freighter which came from behind them during the night. An inquest has been opened in Montreal involving the Japanese freighter, Kirisima Maru, although the Captain T. Yamasiti claims that his vessel did not hu anythin ; - >m ng up the river. One half of Crane Island is shown here after it was picked up by a salvage boat.
course,
tine, and the Jordan River flows between the Sea of Galilee and the Dead Sea. Aside from this we cannot more accurately locate the place where Naaman met the king
of Israel.
1, The Need of Naaman and Hew He Was Persuaded to Come To Israel For Help
1-4. Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honorable, because by him Jehovah had giver, victory unto Syria; he was also a mighty man of valor, BUT HE WAS a LEPER. And the Syiians had gone out in bands, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little cun-den; and she waited on Naaman # wife. And *1 e said unto her mistress, Would that my Lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria! then would he recover him of his leprosy. And one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maiden that is of the land oî Israel.
The young Israelitish girl, who
slave in Naaman’s pal-

»
HAS NO AMERICAN
/
«
THAT AMERICA ONCE HAD MANY SPECIES 55 I SIMILAR.TO *- 7
••
t

f

Information on conditions abroad for osa on his programs,
TO BE HEARD
l
••
NOTES
RADIO
w
NOW UVING #
Farm Broadcasts, CFRB 1.05 p.m. Mondays to Fridays; farm Broadcasts, CBL 1.30 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays; August 11, 8 p.m. CBS, Under Western Skies¦¦¦¦¦ CBS, CFRB, Raymond Paige 10.10 p.m. CBS, Believe It Or Not
Ripley
NBC, CBL, Bright Idea Club 8.00 p.m., NBC, CBL, Jimmy Dorsey's Orch.
Hit Parade
CFRB, The West Remembers August 13, 2 p.m., CBL, Chamber Music Concert -CBL, So You Think You Know Mu-7 p.m., CBS, CFRB, The Al-8 p.m., NBC, CBL,
I
NEWS
AND
DISEASE
SOMETIMES "
I

9. p.m.
*•••••
By MADGE ARCHER
#**»*#
-ELEPHANTS
Kaltenborn To Go Abroad—Will
Broadcast From London On His Regular Evening#
Columbia on the other hand recently announced plans for an aerial tour of Europe to be undertaken by Its veteran news-analyst H. V. Kaltenborn who will be leaving on August the 9th. During the three weeks he Is abroad Kaltenborn will Interview leading statesmen in England and on the continent, reporting the results of these Interviews on his regular Tuesday and Sunday night broadcasts.
In between hi* London broadcasts Mr. Kaltenborn plans to fly to Paris, Berlin, Geneva, Brussels, The Hague, Warsaw, and other Important centres to secure first hand
British Statesmen Will Broadcast Regarding International Situation
Both NBC and CBS seem to be preparing tor another International situation—at least they aren’t taking any chances should there be one. Preparations have now been completed by both networks to bring to North American audiences m flow of European opinion from all parts of that continent by leading political figures and statesmen In an effort to present all aides of the European situation to network
W /
m
August 12, 10.80 a.m.,
TO GROW
•••••*
——
CURIOUS
AAALRORAAEO
TUSKS.
I p.m., CBS, Your 16.16 p.m., CBS,
#**#**
h>

4 p.m., CBS,
*

¦


•lc
••••••
A

Ibl Club
Chase and Sanborn Hour 10 p.m., CBS, CFRB, Grant Park
August 14, 8 p.m. CBL,
9.80 p.m*
#**##»
THE pronghorn antelope Is unusual in two respects. First, K differs gicâlly from the present-day antelopes of Africa. Second, It molts its horns annually, a process common among antlered animals, but unheard of among those animals that bear horns.
•••••••«
was now a
taw, day by day, her master’s sufferings and she knew of Elisha the greav prophet who had succeeded Elijah and who was doing wondeiful work and was wielding great authority in Palestine.
6-7. And the king of Syria said, Go now, and I will send a let, ter unto the king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten * {«fonts of silver, and six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment. And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, And now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy. And it came tp pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of hi. leprosy? but consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.
Leprosy was considered by all Oriental people, and rightly so, a living death. The Mosaic law clearly declared that 1* was God alone who could make the dead live and who gave life to any human being. Thus 'ie king of Israel was dismayed and angry when Naaman appeared before him and knew that he could not raise the dead in his own power. Nor would he give comfort or hope to Naa-
Concert
Don Turner’s Orch.|||||||||||||||||||
CBL, The Down Easters ...i.. 10 p.m. Carnation Contented Hour|||||||j|j||||||H 16th, 8 p.m., CBS. CFRB, Human ^¦¦9 p.m., CBS, CFRB.
9.30 p.m., NBC.
******
•ce
••••••
listeners.
Antony Eden and Winston Churchill, famous British statesmen, and other Important European political figures, will discuss the International situation from European capitals the networks of the NBC In
Aug.
••••••
!
VERSATILE INVENTOR
Adventure We, the People
••••••
******
over
the near future, John R. Royal, vice-president in charge of programs, announced recently on his return to New York from a ten day trip to London and Paris.
16	He was a operator in his youth.
17	To forsake. 10 Seer ess.
HORIZONTAL
1,7---Alva
pictured
The Long and Short Of It
inventor. HOlla, palm
R
I
leaf.
20 He invented, picture

Eden and Churchill to Broadcast
Regularly
12 Gushes.
15	Light blow.
16	Warble.
18Sneaky.	¦ ,...
18 New England 1 (JoA town, famous 1 for witchcraft "jVIÀj
trial.	EjT n
21 Eats away. orfo
23	Gypsy.
24	Behold.
25	Soap.
27	Adobe.
28	And.
29	Eagle,
31 He invented a 48 Early.
large devices.
33	Silkworm.
34	Monkey.
36	To put on.
37	To deposit 39 To laugh
loudly.
41 Groundless fright
a
"Mi
machine.
22	Health spring,
23	Obtained.
26	To decree,
27	Overall fabrics.
30 Things distrained.
32	Electrified particles.
33	Organ of sight.
35 Commonplace,
38 Form of "be.*
40 English coin.
44 Strong current
46 To long.
49 Genus of swans.
51	Herb.
52	Garden toot
54	Plural.
55	Nickel.
56	Jumbled type.
MONA
Eden is expected to speak from London to the NBC radio audience this continent, twice a month beginning In the middle of September. Churchill will speak at least once a month. Royal said he not at liberty to mention the
*

0*
.
MW
4
I
on
rt
m
:




was
names of the other European states-who will join In discussion of
42	Average. 3 Hodgepodge.
43	Coat of matL 4 pinochle 45 Distinctive
doctrine.
47 Dad.
»
m
men
the present International situation. Royal claims he offered facilities of the NBC to both Germany and Italy In an effort to present all sides of the question to NBC listeners. So far, he said, he had received , word from these two countries. While In Europe Royal also arranged for a series of six talks by Hugh Gibson, former U. S. Ambassador to Brazil and Belgium, now in London. These will be broadcast over NBC networks from various points on the Continent Gib-will ,summarize the situation and discuss conditions he finds in his travels from country to coun-
scores.
5	Spanish.
6	He invented
ir ' \
mm
the
of 50 To scan.
52	To drag.
53	Go on (music)
54	Venom.
56	Through.
57	He was a trained
incandescent

m
t
7 Electrical term.
S Enraged.
9	Hall.
10	An aperient. VERTICAL* 13 Bone.
2 Excessive fear. 14 Railway.
no
fe *>¦
; '¦"» r>

-
r


I
sou
man.
!
8-10. And it was so, when Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a
prophet
with his horses and with his
I
try.
)

body but also in a mellowing of
It is true that he flew because of his pride


his nature.

into n rage when first the prophets message
was brought to hihi, but once he had been cleansed, his pride disappeared and the foremost desire of his heart was to thank the prophet for what he imd done for him. His cure convinced him that the God of Elisha was the God of the whole world. So he returned to Elisha with his companies, his horses, his chariots and a numerous train of attendants. But Elisha like • true prophet refused
any recompense.
story of Naarnan slows and faith in God will birth of spirit and

So Naaman

J
came
chariots, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha. And Elisha sent a messenger unto him say-Go and wash in the Jordon times, and thy flesh shall again to thee, and thou shall
«


mg, seven
t
come be clean.
Naaman had great pride, the result of his exalted position in Syria and so was to receive a lesson in humiliation; that is why Elisha did not go out to him. Also he had to learn that he owed his cure not to any magic touch from the prophet, but solely to the power of God working through him. These directions and treatment seem given to test Naaman's faith. The whole thing#was humiliating and seemed unreasonable to Naaman. So he turned and went

»
an
j

Quite a problem was faced by James R. 'Sadler, one of the newly-con-icripted militiamen to arrive at the Hounslow barracks recently. Being but four feet, six inches tall, Sadler found the rifle with fixed bayonet he'll soon be using, was taller than himself. The sergeant, however, is explaining that Sadler would soon become accustomed to use of the weapon.
The
how prayer give us a new cleanse the filth and heal disease
which befalls us.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Waffler—One Who Worms Out a Living
DID YOU SAV HE {
VAS A ’'VAFFLER"
I - V/HAT’5 _
'	THAT
WHAT /f X 9
A MAN WHO MAKES WORM HOLES IN ANTIQUE FURNITURE '
ausy in a rage. -
11-14. Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in the Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child and he was clean.
The nearest route from the city of Samaria to the Jordan valley would involve a journey of about twenty-five miles. Not only i^ the journey to the river, which was without anyldisplay, and merely ierminatcdfiin some lonely spot oa the river's bank, but also in the repented dippings was the faith of Naaman put to the test.
Naamaa't Gratitude
16-19. The miracle of cleansing fcad resulted not only in an entire healing of Naaman# diseased
A V/ORM IMITATOR !

V
/
1
4
I
I
!
j
I

!


i
/

e
-JS>:


0 '
#, Isr

• »

ft*
ISIS
(

%
&

w.



-

¦v
sv


••,



rw: *
4 %
\


4'a

$

it
s


¦

*
0

• N
v


-

>


*
Ci

» O



HI
4 *
»
•A

1>







It
SBC
...
ïmv-
I,
»
¦ÏI BK
uSCI'.< S uïï»Glî â
ÏÏ —
Si#
¦ilEGu
U.Ï!
a

pel*
» ¦	¦* —» ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦» f — ]
U.U11Ü4A
63m. 63b

e«

###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Harvesting Retarded
Ipae to excemive wet weather since the first of the month, bar* vesting in this district has been seriously retarded. Farmers have been nimble to use binders and a great many grain Held*, ready to harvest, arc inundated, hi some places crops will be a total loss unless there is a sudden let up | with a bit of warm, breezy weather.
x
S\S\S\/\S s\S's s[s\s\ss\s

For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost olci
PEDLAR’S
\
6
Singer Sewing Machine Company
Wish to Announce
V
WANTED AT ONCE — Experienced dining room girl. Apply to Clareqd Ho i Bhawvllle.
\
on
a
X
WANTED — Laundrewu expi i lenoed. Apply In person to ShawvUlé Community
HSptsL
Metal Roofing
and Siding
s
FREE Home Sewing Course and Demonstrations by Miss B. Price, of Toronto, at the Women’s Institute Tea Room, in the Agricultural Hall, Shawville,
x
FOR SALK— Renfrew Washing Machine with wringer attached. Apply to
Uko. Drvmmonuh GarauK, ^prlxtol. Phone 4 27.
Atmosphere \
At or near sea level, the atmosphere is about 21 per cent oxygen While this percentage remains constant up to an elevation of about seven miles, th# actual amount of oxygen decreases at high elevations because here the a:r ts not as^o&xn-pressed os at sea level At vctn high elevations, above 45 or 50 miles, the lighter gesea, e g , hydrogen. predominate.
!
£

%
WANTED—Man with Car to act as Sales & Service Representative In Shaw* îffiâiliHtrk't. Apply htrator. Agricultural Bldg , Shnwvllle. or Slhger Sewing Machine Co., 1U7 Main Street, Hull, Que.
Barn and Stable Equipment
?
to SlNUBR Da MON
8

ROOTING
ROOMERS WANTED-Three comfort able looms. modern oonveim nces, suit able for school students. Apply to Mrs, Hknry Dale Shawvllle.
1
August 14th to 18th

We handle everything jn these lines
Roofing- Carried in Stock
ROOMS TO RENT4- Two comfortable rooms to let with or without boaijl. Apply to Mue. Walter Elliott, King
St., Shawvllle.

m Cats for Farmers—C rails
When Italien farmers at Ferrara :nd mice and other rodents a little oo plentiful they call the local of-Ice c( the agricultural federation nid within 24 hours a horse and ASgun. carrying about 100 half-starved pussies is wheeled up to Mr. and Mrs. John Farmer’s beck jour, opened, and a mice vs. cat rampage is on 'arm is virtually rid of rodents. The agricultural federation then sends its wagon back and has an easy time collecting their cats who he basking in the warm sun after a feline banquet. The service is gratis to formers by the. government.
s
Everybody Welcome
Kt
g
ROOMKH WANTED - Comfortable room to let, null able for éludent. Apply to Mu». Ray M« Tikknan, Main Street, Shawvllle.
IN
DEAN BROS.

Q	_______
? > Z r V r r. - 5 r -- £ r. £ ^ r rj r. r r. r r,r. - £ £ ^ n 5 £ 5 5c
C55BMQGaDBi:

Stark’s Corners,
Shawvllle R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
ROOMS TO RENT-Two nice large rooms to let, with or without boam. Apply to Mrs. Hector Telford, Main Street. Shawvllle.
In two days the
Money Savers
FOR SALE-1980 Ford Sedan, newly overhauled and painted. IHensed : also 11080 De Forent C rosie y Battery Radio, six tubes long and short, wave with 0 , batteiles eliminated. New at Christmas.
price. Apply to Charterle. Que.
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chambray, some with zippers
Regular selling to $1.25
Everyone a bargain at 79c
Men’s Work Pants
Stripes and Plaids in cottouade—live pocket, roomy
selling from $1,25 tO $1.75
Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
Riveted pockets, Now selling at........
One-finger Work Gloves
llorsehide fronts. Special at.......
Fine Quality Work Boots
Leather sole and half rubber, See these boots .;t $3.49
Teacher Wanted
Cards of Thanks
We desire to express our sincere thanks to friends and acquaintances of Shaw ville and district lor their great kindness to us during tbe illness* And death of our beloved daughter, Le) i in a Way ; thanks is also extended to the Hospital staff and doctors.
Mr and Mu Harry Way.
Will hnll almost half
Hkv. W. g. Brima,
One Roman Catholic Teacher, for School No. 3t must be qualified to teach English and French.
Hundred Hollars per annum.
Apply to
EDMUND LOCK MAN,
Si. Andre A veil in, Que. Ta pineau Ccîûnty.
two pockets, coat styles
MEN ! Here I# good paying work with a large manufacturing	|
dally necessities u«te<T
Big Eddy*
When a Columbia river logger talks of “Big Eddy," he is not dis-vtissing ome of his friends or “sice-ucks” ; he is speaking of Portland's Third avenue, known to loggers throughout the west as a rendezvous A here failers, bUt kers. high-climbers, donkey*punchers, rigging-sling-jrs. and hock-tenders can find a kindred soul. That part of Third-avenue between Wert Btirnside street and the Steel bridge was christened 'Big Eddy' because of the way the river In the old days cast up flotsam and jetsem near the foot of Y.Vtit Burnside
Salary. Three
concern of 200 in every home. Sure and quick repeater*. No experience needed. Good pay every day If active, and permanent bnsine** certain If persevering. Investigate our plan at once with out obligation. - Catalogue Free FA MI LEX- CO. 670 St. Clement. Mont
real
cut, now
«Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to € p,m., August 83rd, for caretakers for Shawville High School and the fourteen Rural Schools, caretaking to include firing when necessary.
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Trcasuier $
FOR SALE
Cemetery
Donations
lfo.mostiffts "T1TK LAV" Oalvnnlieil Strrle Roofing, Srpwnoit «nd L'ovxi iL Standard brand*
EASTERN STEELE PHODVCTS Ltd
IMori inter Avenue Montreal, Quebec
$1.25
Write for Hat
Previously acknowledged $ 77 10
A If. Armstrong........
M r*. \V. J. Dagg...;..
Andrew Sly ............
W. H.Corrigan .........
Melbourne Dale, » Haley's
Station, Ont..........
Mrs. Hudson. Chelsea ...
& T. Hodgins . . ......
Fred Tb u	....
Wish Hodgins . . ......
Mrs James D. Hodgins..
Thomas Endos ...........
Ed Cowan ..............
Arthur S imerville ....
John Caldwell, Caldwell
John L. Hodgins........
Dwight McDowell .......
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins
Harolfl Hodgins .......
Chris Caldwell ........
V A. L. Tucker........
Clarence Brownlee •....
Miss Clara Strutt......
O. A Howard ...........
B. F. Smith ...........
13
2 00
2 00
69 cts.
2 00
2 00
1 00

2 00
1 00
1 00
1 00
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
2 00

5 00
I

2 00
2 00
2 00
k

ft 00
k
1 00
2 50
Eight Inches a Mile
The curvature of the earth is es mated to be eight inch Ad- that is, from a given pc J. J. eight inches for the fi for the second, 72 in; third, and so on. T Curvature is always e. inches multiplied by t! the number of miks fn of contact with the cai of a tangent line.
Bazaar and Social at North Onslow, on Wednesday, August 23rd. 10#). Entertainment, games and Music. Everybody welcome mission, 25 and «33 cents. Summon, P P.
2 00
5 00
1
pc
FT.
2 00

#
1 00
t
5 00
»

2 00.
I
1 00

$
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Way Bereaved


of this com mu n-\ and Mrs. Harry
The sympathy < ity goes out to Mi Way and their family, of the Pickanoek Hoad, Otter Like, who mourn the lo~e of their daughter and sister, Miss Cell ma Way, who died at Shawvllle Community Hospital, after an illness of two
She was in her 10th year. Left to mourn besides her parents are three sister», Hazel, Elsie and Edith, and one brother, Oswald, all at home.
The funeral service, in charge of Rev. A. Downing, of Portage du Fort Penecostal Church, was held at W. J. Hayes & Sons funeral parlors on Friday afternoon, and was attended by a large number of sympathie relatives and friends of the bereaved family.
Interment was at Maple cemetery, Shaw ville bearers being. Irvine Cone, Fred and Eiurud Way, Stewart Storey, Ivan and Buggies Beattie.
m



Oxen Powered Boats
Flatboats manned by an Indian crew were used for freight and passenger service in Oregon until after 1650. During the sixties and seventies when river transportation was at its height on the Willamette river an experiment was tried in which oxen on a treadmill powered the boat. It worked well enough downstream but the oxen could not furnish motive power enough to return the craft. It is recorded that the river boat captains had to pay the Indians in cash, because they considered valueless the gold dust offered them. One of the first captains operating fiatboats on the Willamette and Yamhill rivers had a long tin horn which was blown by leather-lunged member of the crew to announce arrivals.



UNITED STATES NAVY BAND Two Free Concert» Daily
VAN ALEXANDERS ORCHESTRA Composer. "A Ti»kel A T*»ket" * Management. Musk Corporation of America
I‘anting Nighilv
WORLD S FAIR REVUE Clamorous Uirl* -» Uorgeout Spectacle
A MILE OK SMILES Ne# >lid*a> Ride» and Show*
WORLD'S GREATEST VAUDEVILLE Eter> Night Before The (irand-tard
FILL THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J, Campbell, Treasurer
m
week?



M
»
¦ w

»


DAYS HORSE RACINI
Mrs. R G. HODOlHSg Pres. Rev. A. K. Fokeh, Sec'ty

%
M RE FOOD SHOW BABY SHOW
BIG FARM MACHINERY EXHIBIT
DOG SHOW
! Grove the pall
HORSE SHOW
LIVE STOCK FOI LTRY AND I’F.TS GOVERNMENTAL. INDUSTRIAUXIVIC, MERCHANTS' DlSl’LAYSj SCHOOL EXHIBITS. FLOWERS AND FRUITS BOYS AND GIRLS COMPETITIONS WOMEN'S INSTITUTE DISPLAYS — HANDICRAFTS HIGHLAND AND TAP DANCING — ATHLETIC MEET -	BOYS BAND COMPETITIONS
FIREWORKS
a
Used Cars
1
>t
1935—Chevrolet Sedan 1031—Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Poe time Coach
1938—	XVillys Pick-Up 1938- Ford Tudor Deluxe
1929—	Plymouth Coupe 1937- Dodge Coach 1981 —Huick
1931—Ply mouth Sedan 4 1931—Dodge Sedan J
1930-	Ford Sedan
All ready to go at reasonable prices.
/
For Rough Roads
A new piece of equipment has been added to the fog spoflights, two-way radios, altitude finders and It is evident that the recent leg- other devices with which motorists Nation enacted by Province of are modernizing their cars Quebec respecting prospectors is Country Home Magazine. The new having beneficial results	gadget, patented in Washington re
It has been noticed that pros- centiy, is a running-beard washing
pec tors who li Ad gone eNe where or machjne for tourists who want to
¦n*
dirt*’ Activity can be seen ail clothes swished aiound by the over the north country. There is bounding motion of the car. ¦BjSf confidence and prosperity everywhere.
The month of June, 1939, saw a	Greatest Woman?
substantial increase in both the The following have been suggest number of claims recorded and ed as the greatest women of all miners certificates issued com par time:	Mary Queen of Scots, Queen
ed to Innc 1938- In the claims re- Elizabeth of England, Joan of Arc, corded, there was an increase of Mme. de Staël, George Sand, Cath-20% and in the miners* certificate* erine jj Gf Russia, Mme. de Sell a<1 an even greater increase, vjgne> Mme. de Ma intenon, Maria
amounting to‘10%.	Theresa, Queen of Hungary and Bo-
Althongh the complete returns hernia, Josephine, Marie Antoinette.
ù.flÿr&Wsfi-’as® sur* -
increase over last yen an	q{ £
7 ;<

Quebec Prospecting On the Upgrade
kti!
IW'u



COUPON TICKETS
Of 01 SÉ OO
ADMISSION

s
i


KM !t
AT All AWCm w
«

111















AUGUST
21 to26

i

-
, x
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
A





an



Ford Service
Shell Sealed Gat & Oils
%i Royal Itw oft 'Royai faL&ilùùimbnt

J. P. Wilson


wm
Main Street Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40



ALL INFORMATION ON REQUEST
H. H. McELROY. Mana*r
ND
PRIZE LIST, BOOKLETS H. STANLEY HIGMAN. Present
X
and Secrelar
eden, Cleopatra
an

de M
i Q
no
pame
June




1 k
